Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 8 leading industry experts highlight best practice guidelines at DEFENCE EXPORTS 2017 SMi’s Defence Exports 2017 Conference to feature industry-driven presentations from BAE, Boeing, Leonardo, Northrop Grumman, Rolls-Royce and more. LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM, May 23, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — The ever-changing regulatory environment for the defence trade landscape continues to be increasingly complex. Thus, companies within the sector continue to improve their programmes to ensure adaptation and compliance. In line with this, SMi Group’s 12th annual Defence Exports Conference will showcase 8 key presentations that will highlight best practice for complying with export controls and regulations led by key industry accounts. • ESSENTIAL ELEMENTS OF AN EXPORT CONTROL COMPLIANCE PROGRAMME Sue Tooze, Deputy Head of Export Control, Group Legal, BAE SYSTEMS Highlights include BAE’s policies and procedures including development of key personnel, compliance and audit and their programmes to ensure continuous improvement. • PRACTICAL INSIGHTS ON ADDRESSING NEW AND EVOLVING COMPLIANCE RISKS Bryon Angvall, Director of Global Trade Controls, THE BOEING COMPANY Highlights include global exports compliance programmes line with sanction developments, eliminating key compliance risks, and the positive impact of ITAR changes to Boeing’s support of US national security and foreign policy priorites. • SKILLFUL FACILITATION: HOW EFFECTIVE TRADE COMPLIANCE BRINGS SUCCESS TO THE BUSINESS LIFECYCLE Bill Wade, Vice President, International Licensing and Compliance, L3 TECHNOLOGIES Highlights include a talk on understanding when and where corporate trade requirements and regulatory controls are required for success, knowing the internal customer’s process from „interest through post” as well as stakeholder roadblocks. • COMPLIANCE WITH EXPORT CONTROL LAWS: A MULTINATIONAL’S EXPERIENCE Pierfilippo Rossetti, Head of Trade Compliance, Legal, Corporate Affairs and Compliance, LEONARDO Highlights include the Leonardo Trade Compliance Programme and how it integrates into the internal control system as well as sensitive countries for the company. • DEFENCE EXPORTS: CHASING TECHNOLOGY FROM US AND UK PERSPECTIVE Suzanne Reifman, Director of Global Trade Management and Beth Ann Johnson, Director of European Regional Trade Compliance, Global Trade Management, NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION Highlights include identification and tracking of controlled technology received to compliance with use, transfer and re-export conditions as well as understanding regulatory requirements, authorisations and limitations of derivative technology. • KEY CHALLENGES FOR COMPLIANCE AND BEST PRACTICE AT ROLLS-ROYCE Warren Bayliss, Global Head of Export Controls – Defence, ROLLS-ROYCE Highlights include the company’s strategies for constantly improving tools and processes to meet business and regulatory requirements, putting export control at the heart of the business and global movement of Goods, Software and technology. • BEST PRACTICES FOR ITAR COMPLIANCE: A EUROPEAN PERSPECTIVE Rosa Rosanelli, Head of International Trade Compliance, AIM NORWAY Highlights include an update on procedures and conformity with EAR, ITAR regulations and FMS requirements and impications of working with Air Forces FMS originated material • ASSESSING THE CHALLENGES OF COMPLYING WITH EU AND US REGULATIONS Laurence Carey, Group Trade Control Manager, MARSHALL AEROSPACE AND DEFENCE GROUP Highlights include an overview of how Marshall interacts efficieently with US and EU industry to esure compliance and an overview of the key similarities, differences and respective challenges. Defence Exports 2017 will also feature leading government representatives from nations including Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Israel, Italy, Spain, UK, USA, as well as top policy makers from NATO and European Commission. View the full roster of speakers and the complete list of presentations, including information on our four exclusive pre- and post-conference workshops on http://www.defence-exports.com/EIN. Defence Exports 2017 will look at how regulation controls such as ITAR, EAR, ECR and Dual-Use are affecting European and Global compliance; crucial updates on the Wassenaar Arrangement, AAT; as well as exploring how to combat some of the challenges of the 21st century such as cloud, IT and electronic-data, export violation due to weak cyber security plans. For those interested to attend, registration is now live on the event website. Early Bird discounts apply. 12th DEFENCE EXPORTS CONFERENCE 27-28 September 2017 Crowne Plaza Rome, St Peter’s, Rome, Italy http://www.defence-exports.com/EIN —ENDS— Contact Information: For queries on military bookings, contact James Hitchen on jhitchen@smi-online.co.uk. For sponsorship and exhibition details, contact Sadia Malick on smalick@smi-online.co.uk. For media enquiries contact Honey de Gracia on hdegracia@smi-online.co.uk. About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world’s most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk Honey de Gracia SMi Group Ltd +44 (0)20 7827 6102 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 8 leading industry experts highlight best practice guidelines at DEFENCE EXPORTS 2017 Next PostNext Global Tech Industries Group, Inc.與香港合作夥伴發生合約糾紛，欲行使其權利 Posted on 24 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 8 leading industry experts highlight best practice guidelines at DEFENCE EXPORTS 2017 SMi’s Defence Exports 2017 Conference to feature industry-driven presentations from BAE, Boeing, Leonardo, Northrop Grumman, Rolls-Royce and more. LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM, May 23, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — The ever-changing regulatory environment for the defence trade landscape continues to be increasingly complex. Thus, companies within the sector continue to improve their programmes to ensure adaptation and compliance. In line with this, SMi Group’s 12th annual Defence Exports Conference will showcase 8 key presentations that will highlight best practice for complying with export controls and regulations led by key industry accounts. • ESSENTIAL ELEMENTS OF AN EXPORT CONTROL COMPLIANCE PROGRAMME Sue Tooze, Deputy Head of Export Control, Group Legal, BAE SYSTEMS Highlights include BAE’s policies and procedures including development of key personnel, compliance and audit and their programmes to ensure continuous improvement. • PRACTICAL INSIGHTS ON ADDRESSING NEW AND EVOLVING COMPLIANCE RISKS Bryon Angvall, Director of Global Trade Controls, THE BOEING COMPANY Highlights include global exports compliance programmes line with sanction developments, eliminating key compliance risks, and the positive impact of ITAR changes to Boeing’s support of US national security and foreign policy priorites. • SKILLFUL FACILITATION: HOW EFFECTIVE TRADE COMPLIANCE BRINGS SUCCESS TO THE BUSINESS LIFECYCLE Bill Wade, Vice President, International Licensing and Compliance, L3 TECHNOLOGIES Highlights include a talk on understanding when and where corporate trade requirements and regulatory controls are required for success, knowing the internal customer’s process from „interest through post” as well as stakeholder roadblocks. • COMPLIANCE WITH EXPORT CONTROL LAWS: A MULTINATIONAL’S EXPERIENCE Pierfilippo Rossetti, Head of Trade Compliance, Legal, Corporate Affairs and Compliance, LEONARDO Highlights include the Leonardo Trade Compliance Programme and how it integrates into the internal control system as well as sensitive countries for the company. • DEFENCE EXPORTS: CHASING TECHNOLOGY FROM US AND UK PERSPECTIVE Suzanne Reifman, Director of Global Trade Management and Beth Ann Johnson, Director of European Regional Trade Compliance, Global Trade Management, NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION Highlights include identification and tracking of controlled technology received to compliance with use, transfer and re-export conditions as well as understanding regulatory requirements, authorisations and limitations of derivative technology. • KEY CHALLENGES FOR COMPLIANCE AND BEST PRACTICE AT ROLLS-ROYCE Warren Bayliss, Global Head of Export Controls – Defence, ROLLS-ROYCE Highlights include the company’s strategies for constantly improving tools and processes to meet business and regulatory requirements, putting export control at the heart of the business and global movement of Goods, Software and technology. • BEST PRACTICES FOR ITAR COMPLIANCE: A EUROPEAN PERSPECTIVE Rosa Rosanelli, Head of International Trade Compliance, AIM NORWAY Highlights include an update on procedures and conformity with EAR, ITAR regulations and FMS requirements and impications of working with Air Forces FMS originated material • ASSESSING THE CHALLENGES OF COMPLYING WITH EU AND US REGULATIONS Laurence Carey, Group Trade Control Manager, MARSHALL AEROSPACE AND DEFENCE GROUP Highlights include an overview of how Marshall interacts efficieently with US and EU industry to esure compliance and an overview of the key similarities, differences and respective challenges. Defence Exports 2017 will also feature leading government representatives from nations including Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Israel, Italy, Spain, UK, USA, as well as top policy makers from NATO and European Commission. View the full roster of speakers and the complete list of presentations, including information on our four exclusive pre- and post-conference workshops on http://www.defence-exports.com/EIN. Defence Exports 2017 will look at how regulation controls such as ITAR, EAR, ECR and Dual-Use are affecting European and Global compliance; crucial updates on the Wassenaar Arrangement, AAT; as well as exploring how to combat some of the challenges of the 21st century such as cloud, IT and electronic-data, export violation due to weak cyber security plans. For those interested to attend, registration is now live on the event website. Early Bird discounts apply. 12th DEFENCE EXPORTS CONFERENCE 27-28 September 2017 Crowne Plaza Rome, St Peter’s, Rome, Italy http://www.defence-exports.com/EIN —ENDS— Contact Information: For queries on military bookings, contact James Hitchen on jhitchen@smi-online.co.uk. For sponsorship and exhibition details, contact Sadia Malick on smalick@smi-online.co.uk. For media enquiries contact Honey de Gracia on hdegracia@smi-online.co.uk. About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world’s most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk Honey de Gracia SMi Group Ltd +44 (0)20 7827 6102 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 8 leading industry experts highlight best practice guidelines at DEFENCE EXPORTS 2017 Next PostNext Global Tech Industries Group, Inc.與香港合作夥伴發生合約糾紛，欲行使其權利 Posted on 24 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 8 leading industry experts highlight best practice guidelines at DEFENCE EXPORTS 2017 SMi’s Defence Exports 2017 Conference to feature industry-driven presentations from BAE, Boeing, Leonardo, Northrop Grumman, Rolls-Royce and more. LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM, May 23, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — The ever-changing regulatory environment for the defence trade landscape continues to be increasingly complex. Thus, companies within the sector continue to improve their programmes to ensure adaptation and compliance. In line with this, SMi Group’s 12th annual Defence Exports Conference will showcase 8 key presentations that will highlight best practice for complying with export controls and regulations led by key industry accounts. • ESSENTIAL ELEMENTS OF AN EXPORT CONTROL COMPLIANCE PROGRAMME Sue Tooze, Deputy Head of Export Control, Group Legal, BAE SYSTEMS Highlights include BAE’s policies and procedures including development of key personnel, compliance and audit and their programmes to ensure continuous improvement. • PRACTICAL INSIGHTS ON ADDRESSING NEW AND EVOLVING COMPLIANCE RISKS Bryon Angvall, Director of Global Trade Controls, THE BOEING COMPANY Highlights include global exports compliance programmes line with sanction developments, eliminating key compliance risks, and the positive impact of ITAR changes to Boeing’s support of US national security and foreign policy priorites. • SKILLFUL FACILITATION: HOW EFFECTIVE TRADE COMPLIANCE BRINGS SUCCESS TO THE BUSINESS LIFECYCLE Bill Wade, Vice President, International Licensing and Compliance, L3 TECHNOLOGIES Highlights include a talk on understanding when and where corporate trade requirements and regulatory controls are required for success, knowing the internal customer’s process from „interest through post” as well as stakeholder roadblocks. • COMPLIANCE WITH EXPORT CONTROL LAWS: A MULTINATIONAL’S EXPERIENCE Pierfilippo Rossetti, Head of Trade Compliance, Legal, Corporate Affairs and Compliance, LEONARDO Highlights include the Leonardo Trade Compliance Programme and how it integrates into the internal control system as well as sensitive countries for the company. • DEFENCE EXPORTS: CHASING TECHNOLOGY FROM US AND UK PERSPECTIVE Suzanne Reifman, Director of Global Trade Management and Beth Ann Johnson, Director of European Regional Trade Compliance, Global Trade Management, NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION Highlights include identification and tracking of controlled technology received to compliance with use, transfer and re-export conditions as well as understanding regulatory requirements, authorisations and limitations of derivative technology. • KEY CHALLENGES FOR COMPLIANCE AND BEST PRACTICE AT ROLLS-ROYCE Warren Bayliss, Global Head of Export Controls – Defence, ROLLS-ROYCE Highlights include the company’s strategies for constantly improving tools and processes to meet business and regulatory requirements, putting export control at the heart of the business and global movement of Goods, Software and technology. • BEST PRACTICES FOR ITAR COMPLIANCE: A EUROPEAN PERSPECTIVE Rosa Rosanelli, Head of International Trade Compliance, AIM NORWAY Highlights include an update on procedures and conformity with EAR, ITAR regulations and FMS requirements and impications of working with Air Forces FMS originated material • ASSESSING THE CHALLENGES OF COMPLYING WITH EU AND US REGULATIONS Laurence Carey, Group Trade Control Manager, MARSHALL AEROSPACE AND DEFENCE GROUP Highlights include an overview of how Marshall interacts efficieently with US and EU industry to esure compliance and an overview of the key similarities, differences and respective challenges. Defence Exports 2017 will also feature leading government representatives from nations including Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Israel, Italy, Spain, UK, USA, as well as top policy makers from NATO and European Commission. View the full roster of speakers and the complete list of presentations, including information on our four exclusive pre- and post-conference workshops on http://www.defence-exports.com/EIN. Defence Exports 2017 will look at how regulation controls such as ITAR, EAR, ECR and Dual-Use are affecting European and Global compliance; crucial updates on the Wassenaar Arrangement, AAT; as well as exploring how to combat some of the challenges of the 21st century such as cloud, IT and electronic-data, export violation due to weak cyber security plans. For those interested to attend, registration is now live on the event website. Early Bird discounts apply. 12th DEFENCE EXPORTS CONFERENCE 27-28 September 2017 Crowne Plaza Rome, St Peter’s, Rome, Italy http://www.defence-exports.com/EIN —ENDS— Contact Information: For queries on military bookings, contact James Hitchen on jhitchen@smi-online.co.uk. For sponsorship and exhibition details, contact Sadia Malick on smalick@smi-online.co.uk. For media enquiries contact Honey de Gracia on hdegracia@smi-online.co.uk. About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world’s most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk Honey de Gracia SMi Group Ltd +44 (0)20 7827 6102 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 8 leading industry experts highlight best practice guidelines at DEFENCE EXPORTS 2017 Next PostNext Global Tech Industries Group, Inc.與香港合作夥伴發生合約糾紛，欲行使其權利 Search Recent Posts Lao PDR Economic Monitor April 2017: Promoting More Inclusive Growth and Financing the Health Sector Lao PDR’s Reforms Can Strengthen and Sustain Inclusive Growth Canadian Natural Resources Limited Prices C$1.8 Billion in 3, 9.5 and 30 Year Medium-Term Notes Canadian Natural Resources Limited Prices C$1.8 Billion in 3, 9.5 and 30 Year Medium-Term Notes Canadian Natural Resources Limited Prices US$3.0 Billion in 5.5, 10 and 30 Year Unsecured Notes Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 8 leading industry experts highlight best practice guidelines at DEFENCE EXPORTS 2017 SMi’s Defence Exports 2017 Conference to feature industry-driven presentations from BAE, Boeing, Leonardo, Northrop Grumman, Rolls-Royce and more. LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM, May 23, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — The ever-changing regulatory environment for the defence trade landscape continues to be increasingly complex. Thus, companies within the sector continue to improve their programmes to ensure adaptation and compliance. In line with this, SMi Group’s 12th annual Defence Exports Conference will showcase 8 key presentations that will highlight best practice for complying with export controls and regulations led by key industry accounts. • ESSENTIAL ELEMENTS OF AN EXPORT CONTROL COMPLIANCE PROGRAMME Sue Tooze, Deputy Head of Export Control, Group Legal, BAE SYSTEMS Highlights include BAE’s policies and procedures including development of key personnel, compliance and audit and their programmes to ensure continuous improvement. • PRACTICAL INSIGHTS ON ADDRESSING NEW AND EVOLVING COMPLIANCE RISKS Bryon Angvall, Director of Global Trade Controls, THE BOEING COMPANY Highlights include global exports compliance programmes line with sanction developments, eliminating key compliance risks, and the positive impact of ITAR changes to Boeing’s support of US national security and foreign policy priorites. • SKILLFUL FACILITATION: HOW EFFECTIVE TRADE COMPLIANCE BRINGS SUCCESS TO THE BUSINESS LIFECYCLE Bill Wade, Vice President, International Licensing and Compliance, L3 TECHNOLOGIES Highlights include a talk on understanding when and where corporate trade requirements and regulatory controls are required for success, knowing the internal customer’s process from „interest through post” as well as stakeholder roadblocks. • COMPLIANCE WITH EXPORT CONTROL LAWS: A MULTINATIONAL’S EXPERIENCE Pierfilippo Rossetti, Head of Trade Compliance, Legal, Corporate Affairs and Compliance, LEONARDO Highlights include the Leonardo Trade Compliance Programme and how it integrates into the internal control system as well as sensitive countries for the company. • DEFENCE EXPORTS: CHASING TECHNOLOGY FROM US AND UK PERSPECTIVE Suzanne Reifman, Director of Global Trade Management and Beth Ann Johnson, Director of European Regional Trade Compliance, Global Trade Management, NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION Highlights include identification and tracking of controlled technology received to compliance with use, transfer and re-export conditions as well as understanding regulatory requirements, authorisations and limitations of derivative technology. • KEY CHALLENGES FOR COMPLIANCE AND BEST PRACTICE AT ROLLS-ROYCE Warren Bayliss, Global Head of Export Controls – Defence, ROLLS-ROYCE Highlights include the company’s strategies for constantly improving tools and processes to meet business and regulatory requirements, putting export control at the heart of the business and global movement of Goods, Software and technology. • BEST PRACTICES FOR ITAR COMPLIANCE: A EUROPEAN PERSPECTIVE Rosa Rosanelli, Head of International Trade Compliance, AIM NORWAY Highlights include an update on procedures and conformity with EAR, ITAR regulations and FMS requirements and impications of working with Air Forces FMS originated material • ASSESSING THE CHALLENGES OF COMPLYING WITH EU AND US REGULATIONS Laurence Carey, Group Trade Control Manager, MARSHALL AEROSPACE AND DEFENCE GROUP Highlights include an overview of how Marshall interacts efficieently with US and EU industry to esure compliance and an overview of the key similarities, differences and respective challenges. Defence Exports 2017 will also feature leading government representatives from nations including Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Israel, Italy, Spain, UK, USA, as well as top policy makers from NATO and European Commission. View the full roster of speakers and the complete list of presentations, including information on our four exclusive pre- and post-conference workshops on http://www.defence-exports.com/EIN. Defence Exports 2017 will look at how regulation controls such as ITAR, EAR, ECR and Dual-Use are affecting European and Global compliance; crucial updates on the Wassenaar Arrangement, AAT; as well as exploring how to combat some of the challenges of the 21st century such as cloud, IT and electronic-data, export violation due to weak cyber security plans. For those interested to attend, registration is now live on the event website. Early Bird discounts apply. 12th DEFENCE EXPORTS CONFERENCE 27-28 September 2017 Crowne Plaza Rome, St Peter’s, Rome, Italy http://www.defence-exports.com/EIN —ENDS— Contact Information: For queries on military bookings, contact James Hitchen on jhitchen@smi-online.co.uk. For sponsorship and exhibition details, contact Sadia Malick on smalick@smi-online.co.uk. For media enquiries contact Honey de Gracia on hdegracia@smi-online.co.uk. About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world’s most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk Honey de Gracia SMi Group Ltd +44 (0)20 7827 6102 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Max Lifchitz Up Close! Next PostNext 8 leading industry experts highlight best practice guidelines at DEFENCE EXPORTS 2017 Posted on 24 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 8 leading industry experts highlight best practice guidelines at DEFENCE EXPORTS 2017 SMi’s Defence Exports 2017 Conference to feature industry-driven presentations from BAE, Boeing, Leonardo, Northrop Grumman, Rolls-Royce and more. LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM, May 23, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — The ever-changing regulatory environment for the defence trade landscape continues to be increasingly complex. Thus, companies within the sector continue to improve their programmes to ensure adaptation and compliance. In line with this, SMi Group’s 12th annual Defence Exports Conference will showcase 8 key presentations that will highlight best practice for complying with export controls and regulations led by key industry accounts. • ESSENTIAL ELEMENTS OF AN EXPORT CONTROL COMPLIANCE PROGRAMME Sue Tooze, Deputy Head of Export Control, Group Legal, BAE SYSTEMS Highlights include BAE’s policies and procedures including development of key personnel, compliance and audit and their programmes to ensure continuous improvement. • PRACTICAL INSIGHTS ON ADDRESSING NEW AND EVOLVING COMPLIANCE RISKS Bryon Angvall, Director of Global Trade Controls, THE BOEING COMPANY Highlights include global exports compliance programmes line with sanction developments, eliminating key compliance risks, and the positive impact of ITAR changes to Boeing’s support of US national security and foreign policy priorites. • SKILLFUL FACILITATION: HOW EFFECTIVE TRADE COMPLIANCE BRINGS SUCCESS TO THE BUSINESS LIFECYCLE Bill Wade, Vice President, International Licensing and Compliance, L3 TECHNOLOGIES Highlights include a talk on understanding when and where corporate trade requirements and regulatory controls are required for success, knowing the internal customer’s process from „interest through post” as well as stakeholder roadblocks. • COMPLIANCE WITH EXPORT CONTROL LAWS: A MULTINATIONAL’S EXPERIENCE Pierfilippo Rossetti, Head of Trade Compliance, Legal, Corporate Affairs and Compliance, LEONARDO Highlights include the Leonardo Trade Compliance Programme and how it integrates into the internal control system as well as sensitive countries for the company. • DEFENCE EXPORTS: CHASING TECHNOLOGY FROM US AND UK PERSPECTIVE Suzanne Reifman, Director of Global Trade Management and Beth Ann Johnson, Director of European Regional Trade Compliance, Global Trade Management, NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION Highlights include identification and tracking of controlled technology received to compliance with use, transfer and re-export conditions as well as understanding regulatory requirements, authorisations and limitations of derivative technology. • KEY CHALLENGES FOR COMPLIANCE AND BEST PRACTICE AT ROLLS-ROYCE Warren Bayliss, Global Head of Export Controls – Defence, ROLLS-ROYCE Highlights include the company’s strategies for constantly improving tools and processes to meet business and regulatory requirements, putting export control at the heart of the business and global movement of Goods, Software and technology. • BEST PRACTICES FOR ITAR COMPLIANCE: A EUROPEAN PERSPECTIVE Rosa Rosanelli, Head of International Trade Compliance, AIM NORWAY Highlights include an update on procedures and conformity with EAR, ITAR regulations and FMS requirements and impications of working with Air Forces FMS originated material • ASSESSING THE CHALLENGES OF COMPLYING WITH EU AND US REGULATIONS Laurence Carey, Group Trade Control Manager, MARSHALL AEROSPACE AND DEFENCE GROUP Highlights include an overview of how Marshall interacts efficieently with US and EU industry to esure compliance and an overview of the key similarities, differences and respective challenges. Defence Exports 2017 will also feature leading government representatives from nations including Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Israel, Italy, Spain, UK, USA, as well as top policy makers from NATO and European Commission. View the full roster of speakers and the complete list of presentations, including information on our four exclusive pre- and post-conference workshops on http://www.defence-exports.com/EIN. Defence Exports 2017 will look at how regulation controls such as ITAR, EAR, ECR and Dual-Use are affecting European and Global compliance; crucial updates on the Wassenaar Arrangement, AAT; as well as exploring how to combat some of the challenges of the 21st century such as cloud, IT and electronic-data, export violation due to weak cyber security plans. For those interested to attend, registration is now live on the event website. Early Bird discounts apply. 12th DEFENCE EXPORTS CONFERENCE 27-28 September 2017 Crowne Plaza Rome, St Peter’s, Rome, Italy http://www.defence-exports.com/EIN —ENDS— Contact Information: For queries on military bookings, contact James Hitchen on jhitchen@smi-online.co.uk. For sponsorship and exhibition details, contact Sadia Malick on smalick@smi-online.co.uk. For media enquiries contact Honey de Gracia on hdegracia@smi-online.co.uk. About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world’s most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk Honey de Gracia SMi Group Ltd +44 (0)20 7827 6102 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Max Lifchitz Up Close! Next PostNext 8 leading industry experts highlight best practice guidelines at DEFENCE EXPORTS 2017 Posted on 24 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 8 leading industry experts highlight best practice guidelines at DEFENCE EXPORTS 2017 SMi’s Defence Exports 2017 Conference to feature industry-driven presentations from BAE, Boeing, Leonardo, Northrop Grumman, Rolls-Royce and more. LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM, May 23, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — The ever-changing regulatory environment for the defence trade landscape continues to be increasingly complex. Thus, companies within the sector continue to improve their programmes to ensure adaptation and compliance. In line with this, SMi Group’s 12th annual Defence Exports Conference will showcase 8 key presentations that will highlight best practice for complying with export controls and regulations led by key industry accounts. • ESSENTIAL ELEMENTS OF AN EXPORT CONTROL COMPLIANCE PROGRAMME Sue Tooze, Deputy Head of Export Control, Group Legal, BAE SYSTEMS Highlights include BAE’s policies and procedures including development of key personnel, compliance and audit and their programmes to ensure continuous improvement. • PRACTICAL INSIGHTS ON ADDRESSING NEW AND EVOLVING COMPLIANCE RISKS Bryon Angvall, Director of Global Trade Controls, THE BOEING COMPANY Highlights include global exports compliance programmes line with sanction developments, eliminating key compliance risks, and the positive impact of ITAR changes to Boeing’s support of US national security and foreign policy priorites. • SKILLFUL FACILITATION: HOW EFFECTIVE TRADE COMPLIANCE BRINGS SUCCESS TO THE BUSINESS LIFECYCLE Bill Wade, Vice President, International Licensing and Compliance, L3 TECHNOLOGIES Highlights include a talk on understanding when and where corporate trade requirements and regulatory controls are required for success, knowing the internal customer’s process from „interest through post” as well as stakeholder roadblocks. • COMPLIANCE WITH EXPORT CONTROL LAWS: A MULTINATIONAL’S EXPERIENCE Pierfilippo Rossetti, Head of Trade Compliance, Legal, Corporate Affairs and Compliance, LEONARDO Highlights include the Leonardo Trade Compliance Programme and how it integrates into the internal control system as well as sensitive countries for the company. • DEFENCE EXPORTS: CHASING TECHNOLOGY FROM US AND UK PERSPECTIVE Suzanne Reifman, Director of Global Trade Management and Beth Ann Johnson, Director of European Regional Trade Compliance, Global Trade Management, NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION Highlights include identification and tracking of controlled technology received to compliance with use, transfer and re-export conditions as well as understanding regulatory requirements, authorisations and limitations of derivative technology. • KEY CHALLENGES FOR COMPLIANCE AND BEST PRACTICE AT ROLLS-ROYCE Warren Bayliss, Global Head of Export Controls – Defence, ROLLS-ROYCE Highlights include the company’s strategies for constantly improving tools and processes to meet business and regulatory requirements, putting export control at the heart of the business and global movement of Goods, Software and technology. • BEST PRACTICES FOR ITAR COMPLIANCE: A EUROPEAN PERSPECTIVE Rosa Rosanelli, Head of International Trade Compliance, AIM NORWAY Highlights include an update on procedures and conformity with EAR, ITAR regulations and FMS requirements and impications of working with Air Forces FMS originated material • ASSESSING THE CHALLENGES OF COMPLYING WITH EU AND US REGULATIONS Laurence Carey, Group Trade Control Manager, MARSHALL AEROSPACE AND DEFENCE GROUP Highlights include an overview of how Marshall interacts efficieently with US and EU industry to esure compliance and an overview of the key similarities, differences and respective challenges. Defence Exports 2017 will also feature leading government representatives from nations including Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Israel, Italy, Spain, UK, USA, as well as top policy makers from NATO and European Commission. View the full roster of speakers and the complete list of presentations, including information on our four exclusive pre- and post-conference workshops on http://www.defence-exports.com/EIN. Defence Exports 2017 will look at how regulation controls such as ITAR, EAR, ECR and Dual-Use are affecting European and Global compliance; crucial updates on the Wassenaar Arrangement, AAT; as well as exploring how to combat some of the challenges of the 21st century such as cloud, IT and electronic-data, export violation due to weak cyber security plans. For those interested to attend, registration is now live on the event website. Early Bird discounts apply. 12th DEFENCE EXPORTS CONFERENCE 27-28 September 2017 Crowne Plaza Rome, St Peter’s, Rome, Italy http://www.defence-exports.com/EIN —ENDS— Contact Information: For queries on military bookings, contact James Hitchen on jhitchen@smi-online.co.uk. For sponsorship and exhibition details, contact Sadia Malick on smalick@smi-online.co.uk. For media enquiries contact Honey de Gracia on hdegracia@smi-online.co.uk. About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world’s most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk Honey de Gracia SMi Group Ltd +44 (0)20 7827 6102 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Max Lifchitz Up Close! Next PostNext 8 leading industry experts highlight best practice guidelines at DEFENCE EXPORTS 2017 Search Recent Posts Lao PDR Economic Monitor April 2017: Promoting More Inclusive Growth and Financing the Health Sector Lao PDR’s Reforms Can Strengthen and Sustain Inclusive Growth Canadian Natural Resources Limited Prices C$1.8 Billion in 3, 9.5 and 30 Year Medium-Term Notes Canadian Natural Resources Limited Prices C$1.8 Billion in 3, 9.5 and 30 Year Medium-Term Notes Canadian Natural Resources Limited Prices US$3.0 Billion in 5.5, 10 and 30 Year Unsecured Notes Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Events Writers Projects Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Create account Your account Sign in Sign out Newsletters Audio Life Timeline Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription What Progressives Miss About Arms Sales Celebrating their success in retaining blue-collar jobs is one way Republicans are winning the votes of working-class Americans. Evan Vucci / AP Most Popular My Family’s Slave Alex Tizon  May 16, 2017 洛拉：我家的奴隶 Alex Tizon  May 19, 2017 When Your Child Is a Psychopath Barbara Bradley Hagerty May 16, 2017 The Girl Who Turned to Bone Carl Zimmer May 22, 2013 Why American Workers Now Dress So Casually Deirdre Clemente May 22, 2017 Andrew Exum May 23, 2017 Politics Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size Whew! For once, one of my predictions was correct: Donald Trump had a great visit to Saudi Arabia. It was a great visit for him, it was a great visit for the Saudis and the other Arab Gulf states, and—last but not least—it was a great visit for magical, glowing orbs. I want to spend a little time talking about one of the reasons why the trip went so well. I’ll warn you: This is a somewhat taboo subject for progressive foreign-policy types. The subject, friends, is arms sales. Progressives don’t like arms sales very much, but they need to pay attention to them, because they’re one big way Republicans are fighting for—and winning—the votes of working-class Americans who have traditionally voted for Democrats. While the president was in Saudi Arabia, the Trump administration announced $110 billion in arms sales to Saudi Arabia—with an additional $240 billion committed over a 10-year period. If you’ve ever worked in government, you know this is what is called a “deliverable,” the clunky management-consultantese term for a tangible outcome of a visit or meeting. When Donald Trump is asked to justify his trip to Saudi Arabia, he’ll cite that $110 billion in arms sales. There are a few interesting things about these sales. The first is that many of these sales were already in the works. The Obama administration spent eight years quietly selling a lot of arms to Saudi Arabia: When President Obama left office, for example, the United States still had $100 billion in the foreign military sales pipeline with Saudi Arabia and, in 2011, had inked what was previously the largest arms sale in U.S. history with the Kingdom—a $29 billion deal to sell F-15s to the Saudis. Latest from Politics The 18 Independent Agencies Trump Wants to Eliminate Obama-era sales to Saudi Arabia were in keeping with sales to other Gulf states: Both Qatar and the United Arab Emirates bought a tremendous amount of U.S. arms between 2009 and 2017. Qatar bought more U.S. arms than any other state in 2014 and, in the waning days of the Obama administration, announced that it would buy nearly $4 billion in Boeing-made F-15s in addition to $19 billion in commercial aircraft, also from Boeing. Overall, the Arab Gulf states went on a spending spree during the Obama years, and most of the money was spent on American arms. So why didn’t you hear a lot about this from Democratic politicians during the 2016 election season? There are two main reasons—one strategic and one moral. Strategically, not everyone is convinced that arming the Arab Gulf states to the teeth is a wise idea. Some worry that these arms might someday endanger Israel’s security, while others worry the Arab Gulf states might be encouraged to use their new toys on disastrous military interventions against Iran or Iranian proxies in, say, Yemen. The quick and unsatisfying answer to these concerns is the global market. The Arab Gulf states have money, and that money will buy the weapons that are available. If U.S. arms are not for sale, fine: French, Chinese, or Russian arms will be. (And if you don’t believe me, look at the way in which Gulf states—frustrated by U.S. export controls on drone technology—are turning to the Chinese.) Selling U.S. arms to the Gulf states, by contrast, further ties them to U.S. interests by deepening cooperation and interoperability between the U.S. military and its Gulf partners. One of the reasons Qatar wanted to buy U.S. fighters to partially replace its French-made fleet, for example, was because they discovered how difficult it was for their existing fighter aircraft to fly with the U.S. air force as part of coalitions over Libya and Syria.   Arms sales also drive down the cost of our own weapons and thus the amount of money U.S. tax-payers have to spend on defense instead of other priorities like, say, the State Department, school lunches, or housing subsidies. Here’s one example: Because the United States is buying fewer F-35s than originally planned and using more of its “fourth generation” fighters (F-15s, F-16s, etc.) in the skies over Iraq and Syria than previously anticipated, the Department of Defense will likely need to buy more of those fourth generation fighters in the coming years. The recent sales of F-15s to Qatar, F-18s to Kuwait, and F-16s to Bahrain will drive down the cost per plane for the Pentagon. That’s a good thing—at least financially.   Morally, though, many progressives just grow ill at the idea of selling weapons abroad. Senator Chris Murphy, for example—one of the more eloquent and consistent critics of U.S. arms sales in the Senate, even though his own state has a very robust defense industrial base—sees nothing admirable about the idea of selling weapons to the Saudis that might be used in Yemen. Other progressives agree: Yes, they argue, we understand the demand of the market will be met by someone, but do we have to be complicit in providing the supply? In other countries, progressives have even taken to the courts in an effort to halt sales. I have a lot of respect for these progressives and their values. I spent too much time in Sunday School as a kid to not feel a little uneasy about the business of selling weapons. And the angst many progressives feel about U.S. arms sales has been enough to keep many Democrats from talking up their successes in helping U.S. industry abroad. I wonder, though, if there isn’t a real political cost to not doing so. This might be another area in which progressive elites are out of touch with the voters they need to win back control of the Congress. Boeing employs 157,000 people—almost all of them in the United States. 14,500 people work in Boeing’s facilities in Missouri, where the F-15 and F-18 are made, where Senator Claire McCaskill is up for reelection next year, and where Donald Trump trounced Hillary Clinton 56 to 38 percent in 2016. (Those 14,500 people do not include the many thousands of other Americans who make parts for the F-15 and F-18 elsewhere in America.) Lockheed Martin, meanwhile, a huge winner in the recent arms deal with Saudi Arabia (despite ace businessman Jared Kushner negotiating the price down on behalf of the Saudis), employs an additional 97,000 workers—again, most of them in the United States. And Raytheon, another big winner last week, employs another 60,000 or so Americans. Donald Trump obviously has no moral qualms about selling weapons to our partners and allies abroad. And so while Democrats leave points on the board with working-class voters by not talking about how much Democrats do to support U.S. industry, Republicans swoop in to take credit with assembly line workers for even those things that Obama approved and set in motion. The way in which Trump brags about U.S. arms sales, of course, is in keeping with the strain of economic mercantilism that ran through his populist campaign message. That message worked with voters throughout the Midwest, helping to cost Clinton the election. So while progressives might have moral qualms about companies that sell weapons, the roughly 1.2 million American voters who work in the aerospace and defense sector—together with the roughly 3.2 million Americans who support the sector indirectly—see little wrong with the sales that help ensure their livelihoods and provide a future for their children. This might be another area in which progressive elites—who have the kinds of education and skills that don’t require them to seek work on the assembly line—are simply out of touch with the voters they need to win back control of the Congress and state assemblies, never mind the presidency. And politics aside, surely even the moral calculus of arms sales gets more complicated when you think about the millions of American mouths that are fed by mothers and fathers who work in the aerospace and defense sector. Donald Trump, for his part, is speaking to those voters. And even as progressives fret about U.S. arms sales, they should also fret about what it will mean for the rest of their agenda when Republicans claim credit for protecting some of the last good assembly-line jobs in America. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video Trump Scandals Are Good for Putin Julia Ioffe argues that the one thing Putin wants from a Trump White House is chaos. Julia Ioffe, Leah Varjacques, and Alice Roth May 19, 2017 About the Author Andrew Exum is a contributing editor at The Atlantic. From 2015 to 2016, he was the U.S. deputy assistant secretary of defense for Middle East policy. Most Popular Presented by All photos courtesy of Alex Tizon and his family My Family’s Slave Alex Tizon  She lived with us for 56 years. She raised me and my siblings without pay. I was 11, a typical American kid, before I realized who she was. The ashes filled a black plastic box about the size of a toaster. It weighed three and a half pounds. I put it in a canvas tote bag and packed it in my suitcase this past July for the transpacific flight to Manila. From there I would travel by car to a rural village. When I arrived, I would hand over all that was left of the woman who had spent 56 years as a slave in my family’s household. Continue Reading 文中所有照片承蒙阿列克斯·提臧及其家人提供 洛拉：我家的奴隶 Alex Tizon  她与我们家人一起生活了五十六年。她带大了我和我的兄弟姐妹，从早到晚做饭做清洁，从来没有工资。十一岁的我，一个典型的美国孩子，意识到她其实是我们家的奴隶。 她的骨灰装满了一个黑色塑料盒子，如烤面包机一般大小，重三磅半。去年七月，我用一个帆布口袋把这个盒子包起来，装在行李箱里，横越太平洋，飞去了马尼拉。我要从那里坐车去一个小乡村，去把这个在我家为奴五十六年的女人的骨灰交出去。 Continue Reading Lola Dupre When Your Child Is a Psychopath Barbara Bradley Hagerty The condition has long been considered untreatable. Experts can spot it in a child as young as 3 or 4. But a new clinical approach offers hope. This is a good day, Samantha tells me: 10 on a scale of 10. We’re sitting in a conference room at the San Marcos Treatment Center, just south of Austin, Texas, a space that has witnessed countless difficult conversations between troubled children, their worried parents, and clinical therapists. But today promises unalloyed joy. Samantha’s mother is visiting from Idaho, as she does every six weeks, which means lunch off campus and an excursion to Target. The girl needs supplies: new jeans, yoga pants, nail polish. Listen to the audio version of this article:Download the Audm app for your iPhone to listen to more titles. At 11, Samantha is just over 5 feet tall and has wavy black hair and a steady gaze. She flashes a smile when I ask about her favorite subject (history), and grimaces when I ask about her least favorite (math). She seems poised and cheerful, a normal preteen. But when we steer into uncomfortable territory—the events that led her to this juvenile-treatment facility nearly 2,000 miles from her family—Samantha hesitates and looks down at her hands. “I wanted the whole world to myself,” she says. “So I made a whole entire book about how to hurt people.” Continue Reading Ethan Hill The Girl Who Turned to Bone Carl Zimmer Unexpected discoveries in the quest to cure an extraordinary skeletal condition show how medically relevant rare diseases can be. When Jeannie Peeper was born in 1958, there was only one thing amiss: her big toes were short and crooked. Doctors fitted her with toe braces and sent her home. Two months later, a bulbous swelling appeared on the back of Peeper’s head. Her parents didn’t know why: she hadn’t hit her head on the side of her crib; she didn’t have an infected scratch. After a few days, the swelling vanished as quickly as it had arrived. When Peeper’s mother noticed that the baby couldn’t open her mouth as wide as her sisters and brothers, she took her to the first of various doctors, seeking an explanation for her seemingly random assortment of symptoms. Peeper was 4 when the Mayo Clinic confirmed a diagnosis: she had a disorder known as fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP). Continue Reading Corbis Historical / Getty Why American Workers Now Dress So Casually Deirdre Clemente The office was, until a few decades ago, the last stronghold of fashion formality. Silicon Valley changed that. Americans began the 20th century in bustles and bowler hats and ended it in velour sweatsuits and flannel shirts—the most radical shift in dress standards in human history. At the center of this sartorial revolution was business casual, a genre of dress that broke the last bastion of formality—office attire—to redefine the American wardrobe. Born in Silicon Valley in the early 1980s, business casual consists of khaki pants, sensible shoes, and button-down collared shirts. By the time it was mainstream, in the 1990s, it flummoxed HR managers and employees alike. “Welcome to the confusing world of business casual,” declared a fashion writer for the Chicago Tribune in 1995. With time and some coaching, people caught on. Today, though, the term “business casual” is nearly obsolete for describing the clothing of a workforce that includes many who work from home in yoga pants, put on a clean T-shirt for a Skype meeting, and don’t always go into the office. Continue Reading imagehub / Shutterstock How St. Ives's Apricot Scrub Plays on People's Shame Julie Beck I don’t want no scrubs. I bought into the St. Ives lie for years. In the already insecure times of high school and college, my skin was host to constant colonies of acne, my nose peppered with blackheads, my chin and forehead a topographical horror of cystic zits that lasted for weeks. But as I moved into adulthood, it didn’t go away, making me, I suppose, part of a trend—adult acne is on the rise, particularly among women. I’m sure it never really seemed so bad to others as it did to me, as is the way with these things. I covered it up with layers of gloppy foundation, then with more proficiently applied makeup later on, then went on hormonal birth control, which improved the situation significantly. But for many of the years in-between, I washed my face with St. Ives Apricot Scrub, which is an exfoliator made with granules of walnut shell powder. It is extremely rough. Perhaps too rough. We’ll find out: Kaylee Browning and Sarah Basile recently filed a class-action lawsuit against St. Ives’s maker, Unilever, alleging that the wash “leads to long-term skin damage” and “is not fit to be sold as a facial scrub.” Continue Reading Yuri Gripas / Reuters The Questions About Obstruction Now Spread to White House Staff Adam Serwer Reports that presidential aides asked senior intelligence officials to help shut down the FBI investigation put those staffers in legal jeopardy. The Washington Post report that White House staffers were involved in President Trump’s alleged effort to shut down the FBI’s investigation into ousted National Security Adviser Michael Flynn increases the legal and political peril for the administration as Robert Mueller’s inquiry moves forward. On Monday, the Post reported that Trump had asked Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats and National Security Director Mike Rogers to push back on the testimony of the March then-FBI Director Jim Comey that Trump campaign associates were being scrutinized as a part of the investigation into Russian interference with the 2016 election. Both officials reportedly refused. “This is very close to what Nixon tried to do in drawing in the CIA to short circuit the FBI investigation during Watergate,” said a former high-ranking Justice Department official. “His advisers could be very much at risk if they played a role in the alleged interference.”  The Post did not mention whether Trump-appointed CIA Director Mike Pompeo received a similar request. Continue Reading AP/The Atlantic What ISIS Really Wants Graeme Wood The Islamic State is no mere collection of psychopaths. It is a religious group with carefully considered beliefs, among them that it is a key agent of the coming apocalypse. Here’s what that means for its strategy—and for how to stop it. What is the Islamic State? Where did it come from, and what are its intentions? The simplicity of these questions can be deceiving, and few Western leaders seem to know the answers. In December, The New York Times published confidential comments by Major General Michael K. Nagata, the Special Operations commander for the United States in the Middle East, admitting that he had hardly begun figuring out the Islamic State’s appeal. “We have not defeated the idea,” he said. “We do not even understand the idea.” In the past year, President Obama has referred to the Islamic State, variously, as “not Islamic” and as al-Qaeda’s “jayvee team,” statements that reflected confusion about the group, and may have contributed to significant strategic errors. Continue Reading Mike Segar / Reuters It’s Too Late for Fox to Retract Its Seth Rich Story Megan Garber The story was notably loud. Its retraction is notably quiet. On Tuesday of last week, the day after The Washington Post published its bombshell about President Trump’s Oval Office divulgences to Sergey Lavrov and Sergei Kisliyak, Sean Hannity took to the air at the Fox News Channel to discuss a murdered man named Seth Rich. Rich, a 27-year-old staffer at the Democratic National Committee, had been gunned down in Washington, DC, in July, seemingly the victim of a violent crime. Earlier that day, however, a local Fox TV station had reported—in a claim that would quickly be debunked—that Rich had ties to WikiLeaks, and that his death was, rather than the tragic result of random violence, instead evidence of a deeper conspiracy. In the days since, that idea has leapt to life in the conservative areas of the media—an easy symbol, in the minds of many, of the “mainstream” media’s stubborn and partisan refusal to report on a story that would put the DNC in a negative light. (“Silence from Establishment Media over Seth Rich WikiLeaks Report,” Breitbart seethed.) And so, as many members of the nation’s press corps set out to further the Post’s reporting on the White House, the Rich story became a chorus-like feature on conservative-leaning media—and not just in Hannity’s extra-bombastic corner of Fox News. The Rich story hit Drudge. It exploded on social media. “NOT RUSSIA, BUT AN INSIDE JOB?” Breitbart asked, provocatively. The site added that, “if proven, the report has the potential to be one of the biggest cover-ups in American political history, dispelling the widespread claim that the Russians were behind hacks on the DNC.” Continue Reading Andrew Yates / Reuters The Manchester Attack Shows How Terrorists Learn Daveed Gartenstein-Ross Can governments be as innovative about saving lives? Yesterday’s terrorist attack that struck at the end of an Ariana Grande concert in Britain’s Manchester Arena—leaving 22 people dead and 59 injured, by the latest count—feels perhaps even more callous and personal than other such recent atrocities. As The New York Times noted, the target was “a concert spilling over with girls in their teens or younger, with their lives ahead of them, out for a fun night.” For Europe, the attack, now claimed by ISIS, represents a continuation of a nightmare scenario: The pace and deadliness of terrorist attacks in the continent has reached levels unprecedented in the post-9/11 era, with the heinous and grotesque becoming frighteningly routine. Even five years ago, specialists could count the major post-9/11 attacks in Western countries on one hand, and knew every date on which they had been perpetrated. They were known by names like 3/11 or 7/7 (references to attacks in Madrid and London, respectively). Continue Reading Why America Needs a Slavery Museum Paul Rosenfeld A wealthy white lawyer has spent 16 years and millions of dollars turning the Whitney Plantation into a memorial to the nation's past. Watch Video Why the White, Working Class Voted for Trump Tynesha Foreman and Nicolas Pollock New data and analysis from PRRI and The Atlantic suggests that it was cultural anxiety more than economic distress that fueled white, working-class support for Trump. Watch Video A New Understanding of the Childhood Brain Nicolas Pollock Uncovering the link between early trauma and lifelong illness Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Next story in Politics Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad > Close
News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports Angels Dodgers Chargers Rams Ducks Kings Lakers OC Varsity Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Recruiting Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Best of Orange County Newsletter Signup E-edition Subscribe + Subscriber Services News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports Angels Dodgers Chargers Rams Ducks Kings Lakers OC Varsity Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Recruiting Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Best of Orange County Ingenuity proves in demand at Cal State… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Vote for Best of O.C. 2017 The latest shark news List of restaurants closed by health inspectors 10 best burgers in O.C. 10 best french fries in O.C. News Ingenuity proves in demand at Cal State Fullerton engineering showcase Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Sean Moore holds a cookie decorated with a 3D food printer at the Engineering & Computer Science Student Projects Showcase and Awards on May 8 at Cal State Fullerton. (Photo by Sam Gangwer, Orange County Register/SCNG) By Wendy Fawthrop | wfawthrop@scng.com | Orange County Register May 23, 2017 at 5:07 pm A micromouse navigates its way around a small maze at the Engineering & Computer Science Student Projects Showcase and Awards at Cal State Fullerton on May 8. (Photo by Sam Gangwer, Orange County Register/SCNG) Cal State Fullerton research teams recently presented a showcase of their projects, showing why engineering and computer science students are among the most-recruited graduates. They are working on real-world problems, tapping their education and ingenuity – a talent that major companies are eager to obtain. They latch on to a challenge – to make something smaller, lighter, cheaper, faster – and collaborate with one another to craft a solution. In the process, they might use math, chemistry or physics but also a fair bit of communications, finance and marketing. Even while in school, they already have one foot – sometimes a robotic one – in the sphere of corporations, federal agencies and venture capitalists. Students describing their projects at the May 8 event often expressed a desire to improve what’s out there, to make something easier to use, to pursue their curiosity, to scratch a creative itch. As CSUF student Mark Ballin said of his project: “I’ve had the idea for a while.” And they stressed that few of these projects are a one-person show. Most result from students building on one another’s concepts, passions, frustrations or even failures. “We’re all pretty much friends here,” said student Paul Bordwell, whose team is working on a drone. “We help each other answer questions. It’s the culture.” Demand for engineers is projected to grow 4 percent from 2014 to 2024, adding about 65,000 jobs, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Growing the fastest are jobs for biomedical engineers (23.1 percent), environmental engineers (12.4 percent) and civil engineers (8.4 percent). Headhunters were among those viewing the Cal State Fullerton student research projects, said Joe Piacenza, assistant professor of mechanical engineering. Mechanical engineering has a high employment rate, he said. “They’re looking for the people. They want to cherry-pick the achievers.” Students who work on the university’s “legacy” projects – those that continue for several years with waves of students contributing – are particularly in demand, he said. “The companies are seeking them out.” Jesse Lopez displays his Smart Pitch autonomous pitching machine capable of throwing a baseball up to 90 mph at the Engineering & Computer Science Student Projects Showcase and Awards on May 8. (Photo by Sam Gangwer, Orange County Register/SCNG) Sponsors of the showcase projects include the Boeing Co., Disneyland Resorts, Edison International, Edwards Lifesciences, GE, Raytheon and SpaceX. With potential employers like that sniffing around, it’s no wonder Cal State Fullerton is dedicated to creating and maintaining partnerships that can result in funding for undergraduate research. “We can’t fund it all,” said Mike Karg, interim senior director of development. The university requests about a couple hundred thousand dollars for student research support each year, he said. “Supporting our students’ projects and co-curricular activities through philanthropic and corporate support is a top priority in the college,” Karg said. “The learning outcomes from these activities help develop our students’ technical knowledge, communication and leadership skills, preparing them for the workforce. Investments from alumni, friends and industry are important to creating a robust and innovative learning environment that fuels the workforce of Orange County.” Karg added: “We don’t want them doing pizza sales.” Here’s an introduction to several new projects and updates on some of the legacy projects. Micromouse Students have been competing to build an intelligent yet efficient mini-robot since the 1970s, but now the need for related technology such as obstacle avoidance, path-finding algorithms and feedback loops has jumped as Google, Tesla, BMW and others are integrating the concepts into driverless cars. Jonathan Hightower, left, and Allen Abad display their micromouse, an autonomous maze-solving robot, at the Engineering & Computer Science Student Projects Showcase and Awards on May 8. (Photo by Sam Gangwer, Orange County Register/SCNG) Students Allen Abad and Jonathan Hightower built on their predecessors’ work by using higher-performing hardware, such as an industry-level microcontroller, and designing their own printed circuit board to get their mouse around its maze by the most optimal route. Using a light, it bumped its way around a maze like a mini-Roomba. Someday soon, its technology might be used in cars on a city grid. “It can relate to streets like a big maze,” said Abad. A safer delivery drone Everyone’s heard about Amazon’s plan to deliver packages by drone, but without technology that allows the device to sense and avoid obstacles, packages dropping from the sky are still a ways off. Three CSUF students built a drone that uses lidar, which is like radar except using light, to detect obstacles and calculate a path to navigate around them. Most drones use cameras. Alex Larson, Dominic Nega, Paul Bordwell are still testing their quadcopter. They have flown it autonomously and tested their obstacle detection and mapping algorithm in simulation. It better work, said the team, because the lidar unit is pricey and crashes would be expensive. The cost of lidar, which is what’s in that thing on the roofs of self-driving cars, has dropped substantially in the past year though, making the technology more practical. Search and rescue mini-plane Another airborne vehicle at the showcase aims to search a designated location, locate a lost hiker and drop a survival package including a bottle of water. The unmanned aerial system in this case is a small fixed-wing aircraft mounted with a GoPro camera. Adrian Pacheco readies a video of his team’s Autonomous Search and Rescue Fixed-Wing Unmanned Aerial Vehicle at the Engineering & Computer Science Student Projects Showcase and Awards on May 8 at Cal State Fullerton. (Photo by Sam Gangwer, Orange County Register/SCNG) The ongoing project is now sponsored by the Navy and is getting triple the team members of previous years, said senior John Kim. The team will compete in June at a location provided by the Navy, with Boeing and Google expected to attend.  A previous model beat out MIT in the proposal stage, said Kim, who is also learning to fly planes with real pilots. Planning an energy-savvy house Back on the ground, Clayton Nelems, Ashley Matarelli and Alvin Nguyen are coming up with a way for homebuyers and home builders to customize the features they want in a house – especially energy-saving features. “There’s a better way to build homes here in Southern California,” said Nelems. “We’re trying to teach people.” The team’s web-based portal leads users through a questionnaire that allows them to see how features are interrelated – that an air conditioning system can be used to heat pool water, for example, or a flat roof can better hold solar panels. After the customer makes choices, the program calculates the data and out pops the square footage, energy-efficiency ratings and cost savings. The team is working with Southern California Edison on the portal’s design and aims to offer rebates to builders or owners designing an energy-efficient house with the program.  It proposes revenue streams for the portal including advertising from construction-related companies and funding from government agencies and major utilities looking to meet energy conservation goals. “We’d want to apply for grants,” said Nelems. “They have nothing to lose. If we can show them a prototype, show them what they’d actually save, would any agency not want to do this?” Medical history in an emergency The creators of InfoLife took what they thought was a good idea and made it a little better. The service allows people to relay pertinent medical history to a first responder when they are unconscious or incapacitated. To a concept used in Europe, the CSUF team added a two-factor authentication system that allows only law enforcement or medical personnel to directly view the information. “There’s nothing new here,” said Mark Ballin. “We took a bunch of things that already worked and put it together.” The service is available through an app that uses personalized QR codes. No new device or technology is required.  First responders simply scan the code in an emergency. InfoLife can notify family members about what hospital the patient was taken to and the patient’s condition. It also protects first responders by alerting them should the patient have HIV or another communicable disease. The team hopes to get the Department of Motor Vehicles to pick up InfoLife and put the QR code on driver’s licenses. It also is attempting to get ambulance companies and hospitals to give it a try. Medical device sterilization One team took a recent improvement in how medical instruments get processed for reuse and improved on it by making it faster. Sterilizing instruments with ozone, rather than with steam, is catching on in hospitals because the lower temperatures required don’t damage plastic and other heat-sensitive materials. The two-chamber device being built by the CSUF team sterilizes multiple units at a faster rate than existing competitors, said Moda Almoneef. A whole sterilization cycle can take seven minutes versus up to 24 hours under an older method using ethylene oxide, for example. The team is working with a sponsor and has funding from British hospital company 808 Technology Ltd. Samples sent to a lab confirmed successful sterilization, Almoneef said. “It was awesome.” Titan Rover One of the university’s biggest legacy projects, a rover designed to traverse the surface of Mars and collect samples, got a redesign this year. The Titan Rover draws a big crowd of observers at the Engineering Computer Science Student Projects Showcase and Awards at the Titan Student Union on May 8 with more than 50 teams of Cal State Fullerton students. (Photo by Sam Gangwer, Orange County Register/SCNG) “Last year it didn’t work,” said Justin McGregor, who will be project leader next year. There were so many things to change that the team created a new platform from the ground up – moving the motors and gearboxes to the wheels, thereby protecting the mechanics and keeping the center of gravity low. The rover is entered each year in the one of the world’s premier robotics competitions, the University Rover Challenge, sponsored by Elon Musk’s Mars Society, in the Utah desert (which fills in for Mars). The team will compete June 1 against 35 teams from such schools as Yale, Michigan, Washington State, the University of Texas, BYU, San Jose State and Cornell as well as six other countries. Jet Propulsion Laboratory scientists on the Curiosity rover team visited the 50-member Titan Rover team the week before the showcase, McGregor said. “It’s refreshing to see those guys impressed” with the rover, he said, pointing out that the school team builds its rover in a shorter time with less money. The team gets its own sponsors  and has a $22,000 budget. It makes everything in house, some of it with a 3D printer, using some donated materials such as carbon fiber. Race car The Formula SAE team also has a June competition, this one in Nebraska. This 10-year-old legacy project builds a new car every year to compete in the college racing competition. Students do their own fundraising and manufacturing, using advanced materials and methods like those used on Boeing’s Dreamliner, said faculty adviser Piacenza. The car’s carbon fiber is donated by SpaceX. This year’s car is smaller, with a two-cylinder motorcycle motor, down from a four-cylinder. Baja dune buggy A smaller car was also the goal of the Titan Racing Baja team, which shed 8 percent of the car’s weight and shortened the wheelbase this year. There’s no more reverse gear. Jason Klein shows off the Baja racer, built by the Titan Racing Baja team, at the Engineering & Computer Science Student Projects Showcase and Awards at Cal State Fullerton on May 8. (Photo by Sam Gangwer, Orange County Register/SCNG) Also overhauled was the team structure, said Jason Klein, team co-captain. That, as much as mechanical changes, made a difference in the car’s performance. The result is better communication among the various team members. “You can design the best suspension in the world, but if it doesn’t meet up with the chassis …” said Klein. Winning projects The May 8 showcase included more than 50 projects, 34 of which competed for prizes. The winners were: Best in College (tie): Titan II Rocket, Titan Rover 2nd place: A Regenerative Nozzle for Cooling Design for a Hybrid Rocket Engine 3rd place: Edwards Lifesciences Automated Sewing Project Honorable mention: Titan Racing Baja             Get the latest news delivered daily! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular FBI arrests 12 on suspicion of stealing credit card information, going on $500,000 shopping spree Family of dead man found on Tustin lawn is asking for help finding killer, confused why friends left him Jon Wilhite, sole survivor of drunk-driving crash that killed Angels pitcher Nick Adenhart, gets emotional when telling teens his story Video released by police shows man assaulting intoxicated woman outside Santa Ana bar Quiz: Can you identify these celebrities from their Orange County high school photos? How some Southern California drug rehab centers exploit addiction Woman killed in 3-car accident in Tustin Part 1: This is how Disneyland looked in 1955 Jon Wilhite, sole survivor of drunk-driving crash that killed Angels pitcher Nick Adenhart, speaks at mock DUI program Shark Search tours in Dana Point Harbor are packed, great whites don’t disappoint OCVarsity Photos: Seven days of great plays, memorable moments (5-21-17) O.C. District Attorney charges family, doctors with insurance fraud related to sober living homes, urine tests Tags:  Cal State Fullerton Fullerton Science Wendy Fawthrop Reporting on the interesting research and stimulating events at Cal State Fullerton is right up Wendy’s journalistic alley. A San Francisco native, Wendy earned a bachelor’s degree in biology from Stanford and a master’s in journalism from UC Berkeley. After working in the news offices at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and UC San Francisco Medical Center, she became a business/technology reporter for the Puget Sound Business Journal and served as business editor at the Daily Breeze before moving to copy editing and working for the Seattle Times. She joined the Register in 2003, where she was a team leader on the copy desk until early 2017. She teaches copy editing at Chapman University part time, has two grown children and lives in downtown Anaheim, where she can walk to yoga and good coffee. Follow Wendy Fawthrop @wendyfawthrop View Comments Join the Conversation We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com. blog comments powered by Disqus More in News Woman killed in 3-car accident in Tustin Laguna Beach makes citywide smoking ban official, a first in Orange County Diesel fuel truck catches fire inside Irvine landfill 16-year-old girl flees social worker’s car in Santa Ana, is missing Live Traffic Map Weather Corrections Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS About Us About Us Contact Us About SCNG Work with Us Company Store Advertising Sections Cars Classified Jobs Real Estate Knowledge Cafe Top Workplaces Deals How to Advertise with us Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kits Advertising Contact Information How to find us on other platforms Newsletter Signup Mobile Apps E-edition Current Newspaper Ads Weekly E-editions Site Map Subscriber services Customer Service Subscribe Reader Rewards Partners Coast Magazine OC Family Southland Golf The Cannifornian Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos Live TV TIMES NEWS - RADIO Modi Government Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » India Business News » Air India to get new VVIP long-haul aircraft next year Facebook posts $3 bn profit in Q1 H-1B effect: Infosys to hire 10,000 US workers Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Air India to get new VVIP long-haul aircraft next yearSaurabh Sinha India is likely get its new long-haul VVIP aircraft for use of the President, Vice-President and Prime Minister by the second half of 2018 — the final year of Narendra Modi’s first term as PM. | TNN | Updated: May 24, 2017, 04.08 AM IST Highlights India is likely get its new VVIP aircraft for use of the President, Vice-President and Prime Minister The new aircraft will replace the over 25-year-old jumbo jets India’s top dignitaries currently fly for long journeys NEW DELHI: India is likely get its new long-haul VVIP aircraft for use of the President, Vice-President and Prime Minister by the second half of 2018 — the final year of Narendra Modi's first term as PM. Air India is to get a brand new Boeing 777-300 extended range (ER) each month next January, February and March. The government has decided that two of these three planes will be used as the next VVIP planes, replacing the over 25-year-old jumbo jets India's top dignitaries currently fly for long journeys. Since the two planes will be retrofitted by Boeing with the most modern security and communication systems — on a par with US President's Air Force One — they may be ready only late next year. There is a practice for VVIP flights that an aircraft is kept on standby in case AI One develops a snag. The US President, in fact, flies with two identical Air Force Ones with only his security team knowing on which plane the president is present. "The Boeing 747s used currently for long flights by the top VVIPs may be old but they are perfectly safe and comfortable to use. So there was no hurry to replace them. The only thing the jumbos can't do is fly nonstop to North America. They need to do so with a stopover in Europe and being old, are not exactly fuel-savers. The new and fuel efficient B 777-300 ER will be able to fly nonstop on trans-Atlantic/Pacific routes to North America," said a source. AI has five B747s in its fleets that are maintained mainly for such VVIP flights. The airline flies them on nearby international and some domestic routes. The airline will phase its trusted old planes once the replacement comes. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web He Rescued This Bizarre Creature From a Sidewalk, But He H.. OMG LANE Best Crossover SUV for 2017. Don't Buy Until You See These.. New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her Country Livingly More from The Times of India Bus falls into gorge in Uttarkashi, 22 killed Justin Trudeau at ‘Khalistan event’ angers India Participate in the biggest corporate festival From the Web More From The Times of India Upcoming TV Shows We're Most Excited About (& Why You Shou..Zimbio Discover a New Migraine MedicationAD BY AVANIR © 2016 Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc, All Rights Reserved. Avanir is a trademark or Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Check Out Unbelievable List of Safest 2017 MinivansMinivans - Sponsored Ads Discover the Thrilling Features of the New Acura TLXAcura Health Hoaxes You Probably BelieveThe Great Courses Plus Man tied to jeep was instigating mob: Major Gogoi She is ready to sacrifice her life to save 'step son' SpiceJet anniversary sale: Tickets start at Rs 12 Keeping alive Gujarati language and cuisine in Madagascar Very proud of my Indian heritage, Preet Bharara says ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Subscribe today! Join Our newsletter Follow Us@timesofindia Most Popular Nawaz Sharif was not allowed to speak at Trump event in Saudi Arabia: Report 2012 attack on Malala was scripted, says Pakistani woman lawmaker Real-life hero Matthunny Mathews who inspired 'Airlift' dies in Kuwait Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas HDFC Life gears up for an IPO; merger with Max Life delayed Amitabh Chaudhry of HDFC Life , talks to ET Now about the HDFC Life IPO and said that the process will take a minimum of 5-6 months. He went on to add that they have not decided to drop Max Life merger and the process will be longer as it involves 3 regulators. Flipkart and Snapdeal sign non binding termsheet Inching towards a mega e-commerce giant, Flipkart and Snapdeal today signed a non binding termsheet today paving way for the proceeding to follow. Due diligence of the matter will begin soon. Valuation of Snapdeal is estimated somewhere between $950 million - $1 billion. From around the Web You’d Never Guess the Cheapest Insurance in Clifton Best Auto Insurance - Sponsored Ads Opioid Epidemic Spurs Rethink on Medication and Addiction MedPage Today 25 Drop Dead Gorgeous Gowns at the 2016 Met Gala Stylebistro.com What Is A Reverse Mortgage & Does It Help Homeowners? BuzzFind More From The Times of India Aman Verma's wedding postponed - Times of India Wife refuses to dance, hubby pushes her from rooftop Indian-origin Cornell University student found dead in US Read MoreVVIPNorth Americanew delhi indiaNarendra ModiBoeing Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners India proposes RCEP business visa card under mega trade deal IFFCO launches debit card for farmers in collaboration with Bank of Baroda Rajkot Oilseed Complex Close- May 23. Voltas, Arcelik to set up $100 million consumer durable JV 1Air India to get new VVIP long-haul aircraft next year 2India proposes RCEP business visa card under mega trade deal 3IFFCO launches debit card for farmers in collaboration with Bank of Baroda 4Rajkot Oilseed Complex Close- May 23. 5Voltas, Arcelik to set up $100 million consumer durable JV Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Saharanpur news Indian Army strikes Pakistan posts CBSE Results 2017 CBSE Class 12 Results Uttarakhand road accident Baahubali 2 Collection Sensex today XXX Return of Xander Cage Alka Lamba Ariana Grande TV Shows Sunny Leone Photos services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Champions Trophy Schedule GST News Champions Trophy Teams Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos Roger Moore passes away Health & Fitness Tips Rangoli Designs Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics GST Rates Manchester Arena Reliance Jio DU Admissions 2017 xXx Sensex today Yeh Hai Mohabbatein Kumkum Bhagya How to Get Pregnant Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
China and Russia are coming for Boeing and Airbus - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases China and Russia are coming for Boeing and Airbus Posted: Tuesday, May 23, 2017 5:37 PM EDT Updated: Tuesday, May 23, 2017 5:38 PM EDT By Jon Ostrower SEATTLE (CNNMoney) -- China and Russia are teaming up to take on Airbus and Boeing. On Monday, the state-owned commercial aerospace enterprises of both countries formally established the China-Russia Commercial Aircraft International Co., Ltd or Craic. The partnership will develop a new twin-aisle airliner that's meant to compete with the most advanced jets from Boeing in the U.S. and Airbus in Europe -- the 787 Dreamliner and the A350 XWB, respectively. The new project has backing at the highest levels of both countries. Chinese President Xi Jinping and Russian President Vladimir Putin originally penned the agreement to join forces and take on the western jetliner industry in June 2016. There aren't many details yet about what China and Russia are planning, but their new jet would carry about 280 passengers in three classes and fly roughly 6,500 nautical miles. It won't be ready for at least another 10 years. China's aerospace industry is on a slow, but steady, ascent. The C919 from the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China, or Comac, made its first flight on May 5, and is meant to compete with the single-aisle Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. Russia is seeking to reestablish its own civil aerospace prowess, which thrived during the Soviet Union. Russia's state-owned United Aircraft Corporation is also developing a single-aisle airliner. That jet, the Irkut MC-21, is expected to begin test flights in the coming weeks. But those rival jets haven't stopped the two countries from teaming up. China has established a variety of partnerships to help establish its aerospace industry on a world stage, including ventures with western aerospace suppliers to develop the C919. The new Sino-Russian partnership is also expected to tap western aerospace companies as well. The new Chinese-Russian airliner doesn't yet have an official name, though it's been called the C9X9 or C929. The new venture will be based in Shanghai near Comac's headquarters, according to a statement by UAC. China is on track to be the largest commercial aviation market, surpassing the U.S. by 2030. Boeing estimates China will need $1 trillion worth of new aircraft over the next 20 years, including approximately 1,500 the size of the new Sino-Russian airliner. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / China and Russia are coming for Boeing and Airbus China and Russia are coming for Boeing and Airbus Posted on Tuesday, May 23, 2017 by CNN in Business News China and Russia are teaming up to take on Airbus and Boeing. On Monday, the state-owned commercial aerospace enterprises of both countries formally established the China-Russia Commercial Aircraft International Co., Ltd or Craic. The partnership will develop a new twin-aisle airliner that’s meant to compete with the most advanced jets from Boeing in the U.S. and Airbus in Europe — the 787 Dreamliner and the A350 XWB, respectively. The new project has backing at the highest levels of both countries. Chinese President Xi Jinping and Russian President Vladimir Putin originally penned the agreement to join forces and take on the western jetliner industry in June 2016. There aren’t many details yet about what China and Russia are planning, but their new jet would carry about 280 passengers in three classes and fly roughly 6,500 nautical miles. It won’t be ready for at least another 10 years. China’s aerospace industry is on a slow, but steady, ascent. The C919 from the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China, or Comac, made its first flight on May 5, and is meant to compete with the single-aisle Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. Russia is seeking to reestablish its own civil aerospace prowess, which thrived during the Soviet Union. Russia’s state-owned United Aircraft Corporation is also developing a single-aisle airliner. That jet, the Irkut MC-21, is expected to begin test flights in the coming weeks. But those rival jets haven’t stopped the two countries from teaming up. China has established a variety of partnerships to help establish its aerospace industry on a world stage, including ventures with western aerospace suppliers to develop the C919. The new Sino-Russian partnership is also expected to tap western aerospace companies as well. The new Chinese-Russian airliner doesn’t yet have an official name, though it’s been called the C9X9 or C929. The new venture will be based in Shanghai near Comac’s headquarters, according to a statement by UAC. China is on track to be the largest commercial aviation market, surpassing the U.S. by 2030. Boeing estimates China will need $1 trillion worth of new aircraft over the next 20 years, including approximately 1,500 the size of the new Sino-Russian airliner. Trump's proposals will balance the budget. Except they won't Thousands of Venezuelans fleeing to the US Related Posts Viacom stops paying Sumner Redstone’s salary Silicon Valley wrestles with what to do about Peter Thiel Davos elite: We are not the bad guys Hugh Jackman wants you to drink better coffee Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 6:15pm Wed 24 May Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Boeing blamed for maintenance errors on Air Force One 9:10 AM Wednesday May 24, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print International Politics World WASHINGTON (AP) " Boeing mechanics are to blame for accidental contamination of oxygen systems aboard one of the modified Boeing 747 planes known as Air Force One used for presidential travel, the Air Force said in an investigation report. The plane was undergoing extensive maintenance at a Boeing facility in San Antonio, Texas, when the mishap occurred in April 2016. No one was injured. An Air Force accident investigation report released this month faulted three Boeing mechanics for supplying and using tools and parts that did not meet cleanliness standards while checking oxygen lines for leaks. The standards are meant to prevent a fire hazard. The mechanics also used an unauthorized cleaning procedure. The report said Boeing has paid more than $4 million to clean or replace contaminated portions of the aircraft's oxygen system. The plane has been returned to service with the 89th Airlift Wing at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland. The investigators also concluded that Boeing failed to adequately oversee the quality of maintenance being performed on the aircraft, which is a Boeing 747-200B specially configured for aerial refueling and equipped with special communications gear. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Big haul at Special Olympics Swim Carnival Far North-based swimmers performed well at the Special Olympics Swim Carnival. Hawke's Bay Today Napier water tests negative for E coli Napier's water tested negative for E coli today following a positive reading yesterday… Bay of Plenty Times Rachel Stewart: Why I'm not positive Rachel Stewart explains why she's not going to be positive just to please chirpy men. Our Features' Top Stories Driven What's it like driving James Bond's Lotus Espirit? Never meet your heroes? Well, it's not always the case... Viva Oversized separates for winter Keep warm in a cool array of voluminous separates True Commercial My Food Bag bags bigger base Home food delivery provider My Food Bag has relocated to a new building in Parnell. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf03 at 24 May 2017 19:04:15 Processing Time: 29ms
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Trump budget boosts Boeing but stalls promised Navy buildup Tue May 23rd, 2017 1:53pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Tony Capaccio, Bloomberg President Donald Trump’s first full-year defense budget would delay big increases in multibillion-dollar weapons systems while putting more money into troop readiness and precision munitions, such as 100 additional Tomahawk cruise missiles from Raytheon. The budget proposed Tuesday for the fiscal year that begins Oct. 1 would provide $574.5 billion for the Pentagon, a 10 percent increase from the last full-year budget in fiscal 2016 and about 9.5 percent more than the budget Congress approved for the current fiscal year. “That’s a pretty healthy increase,” Acting Comptroller John Roth said. But even if Congress accepts Trump’s budget totals — and that’s far from assured — he acknowledged it “doesn’t change significantly” the budget that was projected for the coming year by former President Barack Obama. “There are no new programs, no significant new initiatives,” Roth said. About $10.8 billion is requested for 70 F-35s built by Lockheed Martin Corp., $1.3 billion for 14 F/A-18 Super Hornet jets made by Boeing Co. and $3.1 billion for 15 additional KC-46 aerial refueling tankers from Boeing— the same quantities projected by Obama. Similarly, Trump’s vow to build a 350-ship Navy instead of the 305 planned under Obama will wait at least a year. The fiscal 2018 request is for eight vessels, including $1.2 billion for one Littoral Combat Ship, two Virginia-class submarines for $5.5 billion and two DDG-51 Flight III destroyers for $4 billion — all as planned under Obama. The Navy said this year that it would need to request 12 new vessels in fiscal 2018 to start the acceleration. Today, the Navy has 275 ships that can be deployed. “Job One was the readiness shortfall,” Roth said, so “the increases went into training, went into maintenance of equipment and facilities, went into exercises, basic training and those kinds of things — that’s what gets you to your readiness,” he said, with emphasis on operations and maintenance, such as depot maintenance funds sought by the Navy. Including funding for defense-related spending by the Energy and Justice departments, Trump’s proposed national security budget is $603 billion, plus an additional $65 billion for the war-fighting fund known as the Overseas Contingency Operations account. Roth said the fiscal 2018 request is the middle step of a three-stage buildup that began with a $30 billion, fiscal 2017 budget amendment Congress cut by half. “Eight ships, we would argue, is not a bad deal,” he said. The biggest exception from Obama’s approach: Increased funding for the Army to add 26,000 active-duty troops to keep force levels at 476,000, as directed by Congress this year, instead of dropping to 450,000 as had been planned. The Army budget request is $137.1 billion, or about $5 billion more than planned last year. The budget would provide $115 billion for weapons procurement, roughly the amount planned by the Obama administration. It calls for about $83 billion for research, about $6 billion, or 8 percent, more than planned. An additional $10.2 billion is included for procurement in the $65 billion request for war funding, which isn’t covered by budget caps. Still, Trump’s proposal would exceed the military spending caps under the 2011 Budget Control Act by $52 billion, and Democrats in Congress will resist his plan to do that while cutting domestic programs rather than giving them a comparable increase. While Trump called in a memo in January for a “great rebuilding of the armed services” and promised a budget “Congress is going to be very happy to see,” members of the Senate Armed Services Committee already have said he isn’t proposing enough to rebuild the military. Trump’s defense budget request “is inadequate to the challenges we face, illegal under current law, and part of an overall budget proposal that is dead on arrival in Congress,” committee Chairman John McCain of Arizona said in an emailed statement. “This funding level represents a mere 3 percent increase over President Obama’s budget projection for the coming fiscal year.” Trump may propose more for fiscal 2019, but much of this first defense budget “is taken up by ‘must-pay’ bills,” said Mark Cancian, a defense budget specialist and former Office of Management and Budget analyst who’s now with the Center for Strategic and International Studies. The procurement increases in the budget “will be helpful, but not nearly what is needed to recapitalize the force or meet the expectations the administration has set,” Cancian said. The Army and Marine Corps will maintain their planned purchases of Joint Light Tactical Vehicles made by Oshkosh Corp. and Armored Multi-Purpose Vehicles from BAE Systems Plc — 2,777 and 107 respectively funded through the base and war budgets. The Army also is requesting $1.4 billion for 63 Boeing AH-64 Apache helicopters, a mix of 28 upgraded older models and 15 new ones — a slight increase over the planned 58 projected under Obama for fiscal 2018. The Pentagon’s five-year plan for fiscal 2019 through 2023 will start to implement Trump’s broader buildup, buttressed by a new National Defense Strategy that should be completed by August, Roth said. “That’s a conversation that’s yet to be had between us, the White House and OMB,” or Office of Management and Budget, he said. For now, five-year estimates in the budget proposal are just placeholders, Roth said. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis “hasn’t spent one moment looking at fiscal 2019 and beyond,” Roth said. Increased purchasing of munitions is underscored by the request for $381 million in the base and warfighting budgets for 100 more Tomahawk missiles after the Obama administration stopped production. The Navy’s Tomahawk cruise missile is used in land-attack operations from ships and submarines. In Trump’s first major military operation, 59 Tomahawks were fired in April against a Syrian airfield said to have been used to launch a chemical attack against a city. Also included in the request: – $889 million for 6,000 Lockheed Guided Multiple Launch Rocket System munitions – $874 million for 34,529 Boeing JDAM GPS-guided bomb tail kits – $714 million for 7,664 Lockheed Hellfire missiles – $504.1 million in base and war funding for 7,312 Boeing and Raytheon Small Diameter Bombs – $451 million for continued research of the new nuclear Long-Range Stand-off Missile for launch off B-52, B-2 and B-21 bombers – $432 million to buy 40 of Lockheed’s new Offensive Anti-Ship Weapons for launch off B-1B bombers and F/A-18E/F fighters – Missile Defense Agency research spending of $5.87 billion, up from $5.79 billion approved this year The war funding request of $65 billion includes $46 billion to support Afghanistan operations with a U.S. force level of 8,448 personnel. It doesn’t provide for additional U.S. troops, pending a White House decision on a request from the military to add more troops, Roth said. In addition, $13 billion is requested for operations in Iraq and Syria and $4.8 billion is sought for the European Reassurance Initiative intended to bolster deterrence against Russia.   Most Read Aerospace blog Paine Field museum scores rare 1930s de Havilland airplane MUKILTEO — One of the rarest aircraft in the world recently landed… May 22nd, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Arlington plans to make space for its population boom ARLINGTON — City officials say they need to make space for at… May 22nd, 2017 by Kari Bray Aerospace blog Cuts continue as Boeing issues more layoff notices EVERETT — The Boeing Co. issued more layoff notices Friday, as the… May 22nd, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Auditor tells Verdant its safety programs are out of bounds LYNNWOOD — The state Auditor’s Office says the Verdant Health Commission has… May 22nd, 2017 by Sharon Salyer Super Kid Kindness, finding cures rate high for this Mukilteo student MUKILTEO — Warren Han, 18, is a senior at Kamiak High School.… May 22nd, 2017 by Melissa Slager © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
gCaptain Maritime News Menu gCaptain About Advertising Book Contact Us Press Site Search Twitter Close Jobs Jobseekers Post Resume Job Search Featured Jobs Close Employers Post Job Close Close Forum Links Forum Home Forum App Members Categories Forum Search Close Member Links New Posts My Posts Unread Member FAQ Close Close Newsletter Video WATCH: Canada’s New Shipping Shortcut Incident Video: Ferry Slams Into Pier in Santo Domingo WATCH: Docking Ferry Loses Control, Slams Into Nearby Boats Scientists Discover Narwhals Use Unicorn-Like Tusk to Stun Prey WATCH: Giant Crane Collapses After Being Hit by Ship at Jebel Ali Viral Video: Out-of-Control Ferry Slams Head On Into Pier On 105th Anniversary of Titanic Sinking, You Can Now Watch the Disaster Unfold in Real-Time Watch: Gale Force Winds Rock Ship in Durban All Videos Close Popular Incident Video: Ferry Slams Into Pier in Santo Domingo Missing Captain Found Clinging to Life Buoy Off Spain OOCL Hong Kong Breaks 21,000 TEU Mark, Becoming ‘World’s Largest Containership’ Costa Concordia Captain Heads to Prison as Italy Upholds Conviction Tidewater to File for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy U.S. Customs Agency Rules Against Jones Act Action – Foreign-Flag Construction Vessels to Stay in GoM First Zero-Emission, Fully-Autonomous Container Ship Planned for 2020 WATCH: Giant Crane Collapses After Being Hit by Ship at Jebel Ali Close Submit Link Social Forum Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter Close Search Trump’s $575 Billion Defense Budget Delays Promised Buildup May 23, 2017 by Bloomberg Sailors aboard the aircraft carrier Pre-Commissioning Unit (PCU) Gerald R. Ford (CVN 78) man the rails as the ship departs Huntington Ingalls Industries Newport News Shipbuilding for builder’s sea trials off the U.S. East Coast, April 8, 2017. U.S. Navy Photo Trump’s campaign promise for a 350-ship Navy will have to wait at least a year. The 2018 budget proposal includes the purchasing of eight additional battle force ships – the same number set out by the Obama administration – including: one Gerald R. Ford Class Aircraft Carrier; two Virginia Class submarines; two Arleigh Burke Class Destroyers; one Littoral Combat Ship; one John Lewis Class Fleet Replenishment Oiler; and one Towing, Salvage, and Rescue ship. The Navy, however, has said it would need to request 12 new vessels in fiscal 2018 to start the acceleration. Under the budget proposal, the Navy would its battle force ships from 275 at the end of FY 2016, to 282 by the end of FY 2017, and then to 292 by the end of FY 2018.  By Tony Capaccio (Bloomberg) — President Donald Trump’s first full-year defense budget would delay big increases in multibillion-dollar weapons systems while putting more money into troop readiness and precision munitions, such as 100 additional Tomahawk cruise missiles from Raytheon Co. The budget proposed Tuesday for the fiscal year that begins Oct. 1 would provide $574.5 billion for the Pentagon, a 10 percent increase from the last full-year budget in fiscal 2016 and about 9.5 percent more than the budget Congress approved for the current fiscal year. “That’s a pretty healthy increase,” Acting Comptroller John Roth said in an interview. But even if Congress accepts Trump’s budget totals — and that’s far from assured — he acknowledged it “doesn’t change significantly” the budget that was projected for the coming year by former President Barack Obama. “There are no new programs, no significant new initiatives,” Roth said. About $10.8 billion is requested for 70 F-35s built by Lockheed Martin Corp., $1.3 billion for 14 F/A-18 Super Hornet jets made by Boeing Co. and $3.1 billion for 15 additional KC-46 aerial refueling tankers from Boeing– the same quantities projected by Obama. Similarly, Trump’s vow to build a 350-ship Navy instead of the 305 planned under Obama will wait at least a year. The fiscal 2018 request is for eight vessels, including $1.2 billion for one Littoral Combat Ship, two Virginia-class submarines for $5.5 billion and two DDG-51 Flight III destroyers for $4 billion — all as planned under Obama. The Navy said this year that it would need to request 12 new vessels in fiscal 2018 to start the acceleration. Today, the Navy has 275 ships that can be deployed. Readiness ‘Job One’ “Job One was the readiness shortfall,” Roth said, so “the increases went into training, went into maintenance of equipment and facilities, went into exercises, basic training and those kinds of things — that’s what gets you to your readiness,” he said, with emphasis on operations and maintenance, such as depot maintenance funds sought by the Navy. Including funding for defense-related spending by the Energy and Justice departments, Trump’s proposed national security budget is $603 billion, plus an additional $65 billion for the war-fighting fund known as the Overseas Contingency Operations account. Roth said the fiscal 2018 request is the middle step of a three-stage buildup that began with a $30 billion, fiscal 2017 budget amendment Congress cut by half. “Eight ships, we would argue, is not a bad deal,” he said. Army Boost The biggest exception from Obama’s approach: Increased funding for the Army to add 26,000 active-duty troops to keep force levels at 476,000, as directed by Congress this year, instead of dropping to 450,000 as had been planned. The Army budget request is $137.1 billion, or about $5 billion more than planned last year. The budget would provide $115 billion for weapons procurement, roughly the amount planned by the Obama administration. It calls for about $83 billion for research, about $6 billion, or 8 percent, more than planned. An additional $10.2 billion is included for procurement in the $65 billion request for war funding, which isn’t covered by budget caps. Still, Trump’s proposal would exceed the military spending caps under the 2011 Budget Control Act by $52 billion, and Democrats in Congress will resist his plan to do that while cutting domestic programs rather than giving them a comparable increase. ‘Must-Pay Bills’ While Trump called in a memo in January for a “great rebuilding of the armed services” and promised a budget “Congress is going to be very happy to see,” members of the congressional Armed Services committees already have said he isn’t proposing enough to rebuild the military. Trump’s defense budget request “is inadequate to the challenges we face, illegal under current law, and part of an overall budget proposal that is dead on arrival in Congress,” Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain of Arizona said in an emailed statement. “This funding level represents a mere 3 percent increase over President Obama’s budget projection for the coming fiscal year.” Trump may propose more for fiscal 2019, but much of this first defense budget “is taken up by ‘must-pay’ bills,” said Mark Cancian, a defense budget specialist and former Office of Management and Budget analyst who’s now with the Center for Strategic and International Studies. The procurement increases in the budget “will be helpful, but not nearly what is needed to recapitalize the force or meet the expectations the administration has set,” Cancian said. The Army and Marine Corps will maintain their planned purchases of Joint Light Tactical Vehicles made by Oshkosh Corp. and Armored Multi-Purpose Vehicles from BAE Systems Plc — 2,777 and 107 respectively funded through the base and war budgets. The Army also is requesting $1.4 billion for 63 Boeing AH-64 Apache helicopters, a mix of 28 upgraded older models and 15 new ones — a slight increase over the planned 58 projected under Obama for fiscal 2018. Air Force One The budget requests $434 million for continued research and development of the Boeing-managed program to replace the aging Air Force One planes that carry the president. That’s about $191 million less than the Air Force planned to spend. The project has drawn Trump’s attention — and tweets from the president complaining that it’s costing too much. The reduction “reflects current acquisition strategy and a new requirements baseline” agreed to with the White House, Air Force budget deputy Carolyn Gleason told reporters Tuesday. The reduction was “informed by Boeing’s risk-reduction activities, basically a change in a cost estimate,” Gleason said. The White House also agreed in March to a set of minimum requirements the aircraft must meet, according to the budget documents. The Air Force also would get increased funding for Northrop Grumman Corp.’s B-21 bomber program to $2 billion, up from $1.3 billion requested for this fiscal year. Five-Year Plan The Pentagon’s five-year plan for fiscal 2019 through 2023 will start to implement Trump’s broader buildup, buttressed by a new National Defense Strategy that should be completed by August, Roth said. “That’s a conversation that’s yet to be had between us, the White House and OMB,” or Office of Management and Budget, he said. For now, five-year estimates in the budget proposal are just placeholders, Roth said. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis “hasn’t spent one moment looking at fiscal 2019 and beyond,” Roth said. Increased purchasing of munitions is underscored by the request for $381 million in the base and warfighting budgets for 100 more Tomahawk missiles after the Obama administration stopped production. The Navy’s Tomahawk cruise missile is used in land-attack operations from ships and submarines. In Trump’s first major military operation, 59 Tomahawks were fired in April against a Syrian airfield said to have been used to launch a chemical attack against a city. Also included in the request: $889 million for 6,000 Lockheed Guided Multiple Launch Rocket System munitions $874 million for 34,529 Boeing JDAM GPS-guided bomb tail kits $714 million for 7,664 Lockheed Hellfire missiles $504.1 million in base and war funding for 7,312 Boeing and Raytheon Small Diameter Bombs $451 million for continued research of the new nuclear Long-Range Stand-off Missile for launch off B-52, B-2 and B-21 bombers $432 million to buy 40 of Lockheed’s new Offensive Anti-Ship Weapons for launch off B-1B bombers and F/A-18E/F fighters Missile Defense Agency research spending of $5.87 billion, up from $5.79 billion approved this year The war funding request of $65 billion includes $46 billion to support Afghanistan operations with a U.S. force level of 8,448 personnel. It doesn’t provide for additional U.S. troops, pending a White House decision on a request from the military to add more troops, Roth said. In addition, $13 billion is requested for operations in Iraq and Syria and $4.8 billion is sought for the European Reassurance Initiative intended to bolster deterrence against Russia. © 2017 Bloomberg L.P Filed Under: News Tagged With: president trump, U.S. Navy gCaptain   Featured Incident Video: Ferry Slams Into Pier in Santo Domingo Missing Captain Found Clinging to Life Buoy Off Spain OOCL Hong Kong Breaks 21,000 TEU Mark, Becoming ‘World’s Largest Containership’ Costa Concordia Captain Heads to Prison as Italy Upholds Conviction Tidewater to File for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy   Video WATCH: Canada’s New Shipping Shortcut Incident Video: Ferry Slams Into Pier in Santo Domingo WATCH: Docking Ferry Loses Control, Slams Into Nearby Boats   Latest News International Joint Venture Spuds Mexico’s First Private Well in 80 Years MOL to Build Japan’s First LNG-Powered Tug Bulker Crew Member Killed in ‘Berthing’ Accident in Québec   Subscribe Click HERE for gCaptain’s free daily newsletter. Avatars by Sterling Adventures About Us Advertising Books Contact Us Press Search Subscribe RSS join us Privacy Policy © 2017 Unofficial Networks LLC
About US Contact US Registration Tuesday May 23rd, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Boeing Wins $58.6 Million Contract for Missile Interception Technology By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  May 24, 2017  /  Comments Off on Boeing Wins $58.6 Million Contract for Missile Interception Technology       Print       Email MIL OSI Economics – Source: Boeing Headline: Boeing Wins $58.6 Million Contract for Missile Interception Technology ARLINGTON, Va., May 23, 2017 – Boeing [NYSE:BA] recently received a $58.6 million, 35-month contract from the U.S. Missile Defense Agency to demonstrate its evolved Multi-Object Kill Vehicle (MOKV) technology, which increases interceptors’ ability to locate and destroy missiles headed toward the United States. The U.S. Department of Defense awarded this contract on May 12. “Our MOKV concept gives the Missile Defense Agency flexibility in eliminating threats more efficiently and affordably,” said Paul Geery, vice president, Mission Solutions, Phantom Works. “We’ve created a robust, resilient design that benefits from our extensive experience in advanced seekers.” In 2015, Boeing received an initial study contract from the Missile Defense Agency to design and develop the MOKV concept. As part of that contract, Boeing recommended technology risk reduction efforts for this next phase. Work will occur in Huntsville, Ala., and Huntington Beach, Calif.  For more information about Defense, Space & Security, visit www.boeing.com. Follow us on Twitter: @BoeingDefense. # # # Contact: Cheryl Sampson Phantom Works Mobile: +1 714-330-8021 cheryl.a.sampson@boeing.com     Print       Email Published: 1 min ago on May 24, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: May 24, 2017 @ 7:14 am Filed Under: Airline Industry, Boeing, Business, Economics, English, Global Economy, MIL OSI, MIL OSI Economics, Open Source Intel NEXT ARTICLE → Governor Wolf to Nominate Insurance Commissioner Teresa Miller to be Inaugural Secretary of Health and Human Services About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Boeing Wins $58.6 Million Contract for Missile Interception Technology Governor Wolf to Nominate Insurance Commissioner Teresa Miller to be Inaugural Secretary of Health and Human Services Consumer Alert: AG Hunter Urges Oklahomans to Stop Using, Purchasing LayZ Board Hoverboards Pinal Fire Daily Update-May 23, 2017 The IAM Signs Alliance Agreement with Italian Union FIT-CISL © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Sections Watchlist Signup • Login Search Home Latest News Markets Personal Finance Retirement Investing FA Center Economy & Politics Real Estate Quotes Video SectorWatch Profile Settings Email & Alerts Watchlist Games Bulletin US Europe Asia FX Rates Futures Range 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M 1Y 2Y Dow 20,937.91 43.08 0.21% S&P 500 2,398.42 4.40 0.18% Nasdaq 6,138.71 5.09 0.08% GlobalDow 2,759.54 -5.90 -0.21% Gold 1,249.00 -6.50 -0.52% Oil 51.64 0.17 0.33% S&P 500 Movers(%) A 4.6 ADM 3.7 NUE 3.3 RF 2.8 AZO -11.8 ALXN -9.3 BF.B -6.2 XLNX -5.3 Latest NewsAll Times Eastern 3:03a Germany's DAX opens 0.3% lower at 12,618.81 3:02a France's CAC 40 opens 0.2% lower at 5,335.22 3:01a U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 1 point lower at 7,484.11 3:01a Stoxx Europe 600 opens flat at 392.04 2:52a Mediclinic yearly pretax profit rises 25% 2:52a Babcock profit rises, sees further growth 2:51a Dixons Carphone posts rise in same-store sales 2:50a Kingfisher quarterly same-store sales decline 2:49a Marks & Spencer full-year profit falls 2:44a Updated 4 potential outcomes for OPEC’s crucial meeting to be replaced Home Investing Quotes Stocks United States MMM Overview Compare Quotes Stock Screener Earnings Calendar Sectors NYSE MMM U.S.: NYSE Join TD Ameritrade Find a Broker 3M Co. Watchlist CreateMMMAlert After Hours Last Updated: May 23, 2017 4:28 p.m. EDT $ 197.73 0.00 0.00% After Hours Volume: 101.7K Close Chg Chg % $197.73 -0.78 -0.39% Advanced Charting 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M YTD 1Y 3Y All $ % Vol 74.48% vs Avg. Volume: 1.4M 65 Day Avg. - 1.9M Open: 198.73 Close: 197.73 197.5200 Day Low/High 198.9700 Day Range 163.8500 52 Week Low/High 199.9000 Your Watchlist Customize MarketWatch Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started. Create Account … or Log In Symbol Last Chg Chg % No Items in Watchlist There are currently no items in this Watchlist. Add Ticker to Watchlist (Go to Your Watchlist) No Saved Watchlists Create a list of the investments you want to track. Create Watchlist …or try this starter list Uh oh Something went wrong while loading Watchlist. Go to Watchlist Recently Viewed Tickers No Recent Tickers Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here. Search Tickers Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders Key Data Open $198.73 Day Range 197.5200 - 198.9700 52 Week Range 163.8500 - 199.9000 Market Cap $118.63B Shares Outstanding 597.6M Public Float 596.85M Beta 0.90 Rev. per Employee $331.77K P/E Ratio 23.91 EPS $8.27 Yield 2.38% Dividend $1.18 Ex-Dividend Date May 17, 2017 Short Interest 8.12M 04/28/17 % of Float Shorted 1.36% Average Volume 1.9M Performance 5 Day 1.48% 1 Month 1.40% 3 Month 6.28% YTD 10.73% 1 Year 16.32% Recent News MarketWatch Other Dow Jones U.S. stocks close higher as tech, industrials lead the way May. 22, 2017 at 4:36 p.m. ET by Barbara Kollmeyer U.S. benchmarks absorb ‘retail-induced’ whipsaw, S&P 500 maintains first support Technically speaking, the major U.S. benchmarks have thus far absorbed a slight volatility uptick. Consider that the S&P 500 has reversed respectably from first support (2,381) at this week’s low, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average has concurrently maintained the 50-day moving average. May. 12, 2017 at 11:50 a.m. ET by Michael Ashbaugh Breaking Blame Dow industrials' late-sesion slump entirely on Boeing, 3M, Disney's stock The Dow Jones Industrial Average was trading in negative territory late Wednesday afternoon, weighed down by a late-afternoon slump in shares of Boeing Co., Walt Disney Co., and 3M Co. The trio of Dow components combined were cutting about 45 points from the blue-chip gauge, which was off 50 points, or 0.2% at 20,924. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 index traded near break-even levels, while the Nasdaq Composite was flirting with another record close, up 0.1% at 6,126. The downdraft for the Dow, which has been under pressure all day, accelerated on reports that Boeing halted flights for its fleet of 737 planes due to problems with its turbine engines. MarketWatch has not interdependently confirmed those reports. Meanwhile, Disney's shares were down after the company disappointed analysts' expectations late-Tuesday on revenues. Shares of 3M Co. were off 0.6%--the third worst performer on a point basis in the Dow. May. 10, 2017 at 3:19 p.m. ET by Mark DeCambre 5 ways to be a smarter investor as interest rates rise May. 3, 2017 at 1:21 p.m. ET by Michael Pollock Trump’s tax plan sets the stage for Dow 30,000 Apr. 27, 2017 at 11:50 a.m. ET by Nigam Arora 3M stock price target raised to $202 from $190 at Stifel Nicolaus 3M stock price target raised to $202 from $190 at Stifel Nicolaus Apr. 26, 2017 at 7:45 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore 3M boosts outlook after strong first quarter 3M Co. on Tuesday said it raised its full-year profit outlook as first-quarter results beat Wall Street expectations, boosted by growth in its core industrial unit and a resurgent electronics business. Apr. 25, 2017 at 11:26 a.m. ET by MarketWatch.com 3M's stock climbs 0.3%, reaches all-time intraday high of $194.95 earlier 3M's stock climbs 0.3%, reaches all-time intraday high of $194.95 earlier Apr. 25, 2017 at 10:22 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore These stocks are sailing under the radar, but there’s a case for jumping aboard Apr. 25, 2017 at 9:10 a.m. ET by Victor Reklaitis 3M's stock swings lower, drops 0.5% after being up as much as 2.7% earlier 3M's stock swings lower, drops 0.5% after being up as much as 2.7% earlier Apr. 25, 2017 at 8:58 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore 3M's stock boosted by profit, sales beat 3M Co. on Tuesday said it raised its full-year profit outlook as first-quarter results beat Wall Street expectations, boosted by growth in its core industrial unit and a resurgent electronics business. Apr. 25, 2017 at 8:24 a.m. ET by MarketWatch.com Dow getting an 87-point boost from earnings, led by Caterpillar and 3M stock rallies The Dow Jones Industrial Average is getting a big boost from earnings reports Tuesday, as the shares of four components that reported first-quarter results could be adding about 87 points to the Dow's price. Caterpillar Inc.'s stock rallied $4.64, or 4.8%, ahead of the open, which would add about 32 points to the Dow, while 3M Co. shares rose $4.17, or 2.2%, and would add 29 points. Elsewhere, McDonald's Corp. shares climbed $2.37, or 1.8%, and would add about 16 points; DuPont & Co.'s stock was up $1.31, or 1.7%, and would tack on 9 points; Coca-Cola Co.'s stock gained 15 cents, or 0.4%, and would add 1 point. Dow futures were recently up 134 points. Apr. 25, 2017 at 8:05 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore 3M's stock jumps after profit and sales rise above expectations Shares of 3M Co. surged 1.9% in premarket trade Tuesday, after the diversified industrial and consumer products company beat first-quarter profit and sales expectations. Net earnings rose to $1.32 billion, or $2.16 a share, from $1.28 billion, or $2.05 a share, in the same period a year ago. The FactSet consensus was for earnings per share of $2.07. Revenue increased to $7.69 billion from $7.41 billion, above the FactSet consensus of $7.49 billion, as sales of its industrial, safety and graphics, health care and electronics and energy businesses topped forecasts while consumer came up a bit shy. The company raised its 2017 outlook for local-currency sales growth outlook to 2% to 5% from 1% to 3%, and its EPS outlook to $8.70 to $9.05 from $8.45 to $8.80. The stock has rallied 8.8% year to date through Monday, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average has gained 5.1%. Apr. 25, 2017 at 7:42 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore 3M's stock jumps 1.5% premarket after Q1 results 3M's stock jumps 1.5% premarket after Q1 results Apr. 25, 2017 at 7:34 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore 3M raises 2017 local-currency sales growth outlook to 2%-5% from 1%-3% 3M raises 2017 local-currency sales growth outlook to 2%-5% from 1%-3% Apr. 25, 2017 at 7:33 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore 3M raises 2017 EPS outlook to $8.70-$9.05 from $8.45-$8.80 3M raises 2017 EPS outlook to $8.70-$9.05 from $8.45-$8.80 Apr. 25, 2017 at 7:33 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore 3M Q1 revenue $7.69 bln vs. $7.41 bln; FactSet consensus $7.49 bln 3M Q1 revenue $7.69 bln vs. $7.41 bln; FactSet consensus $7.49 bln Apr. 25, 2017 at 7:32 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore 3M Q1 FactSet EPS consensus $2.07 3M Q1 FactSet EPS consensus $2.07 Apr. 25, 2017 at 7:32 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore 3M Q1 EPS $2.16 vs. $2.05 a year ago 3M Q1 EPS $2.16 vs. $2.05 a year ago Apr. 25, 2017 at 7:31 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore Stocks will crash if Trump keeps his campaign promises on China Apr. 6, 2017 at 5:12 p.m. ET by Nigam Arora Goldman Sachs Drags on the Dow With shares of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. down 4.4% on Wednesday, the bank stock is responsible for more than a quarter of the 1.2% decline in the Dow Jones Industrial Average. May. 17, 2017 at 1:57 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Air Conditioning Is Hot; The Best Stock to Own The sector has breezed past the S&P 500 over the past year but this lagging name is set to close the gap. May. 4, 2017 at 11:56 a.m. ET on Barron's Online The Fate of U.S. Steel and Other Industrial Stocks Industrials send mixed signals: Some stocks break out while others plunge. Fastenal may be ready to rebound. May. 4, 2017 at 11:55 a.m. ET on Barron's Online Apple Plans $1 Billion Advanced Manufacturing Fund Apple plans to create a $1 billion fund to invest in U.S. companies that do advanced manufacturing May. 3, 2017 at 8:16 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Global Deal Making Falls to Slowest Pace in 20 Years Corporate deal making has hit a dry spell, despite robust stock and bond markets that should call for a deluge. Mergers and acquisitions this year have plunged to their lowest level globally in nearly 20 years. May. 1, 2017 at 3:19 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Morgan Stanley Raises Price Target but Underweights 3M Plus, takes on 21st Century Fox, Whirlpool, Corning, and Wyndham Worldwide Apr. 29, 2017 at 12:01 a.m. ET on Barron's Online 3M Stock Seen Reaching $216 As the fog of earnings clears, 3M could continue to outperform, with capital allocation acting as a potential catalyst. Apr. 27, 2017 at 7:34 a.m. ET on Barron's Online Today’s Top Supply Chain and Logistics News From WSJ Delivering up-to-the minute news, analysis, interviews and explanatory journalism on logistics, supply-chain management, e-commerce and more Apr. 26, 2017 at 6:35 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal 3M Boosts Annual Outlook Following Strong First Quarter 3M Co. raised its full-year profit outlook as first-quarter results beat Wall Street expectations, boosted by growth in its core industrial unit and a resurgent electronics business. Apr. 25, 2017 at 10:17 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Stocks to Watch: DuPont, Express Scripts, Caterpillar Among the companies with shares expected to trade actively in Tuesday's session are DuPont Co., Express Scripts Holding Co. and Caterpillar Inc. Apr. 25, 2017 at 9:29 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Investors Leery of Another Market Shock What has investors on edge? Tail risks. Apr. 25, 2017 at 8:48 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Hersh Cohen Shares His Top Dividend Picks The ClearBridge exec built a career on dividend stocks. Today he spots value in Merck and Schlumberger. Apr. 8, 2017 at 12:33 a.m. ET on Barron's Online U.S. Cities Battle Each Other for Jobs With $45 Billion in Incentives Already depleted by foreign competition, states and cities offer increasingly lucrative tax breaks and other benefits to keep companies local, sometimes squaring off with neighboring municipalities. Mar. 16, 2017 at 10:52 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal 3M Buys Personal-Safety Unit from Johnson Controls for $2 Billion 3M is buying a personal-safety unit from Johnson Controls for about $2 billion. Mar. 16, 2017 at 10:08 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Dow Hits 21000 for First Time The Dow Jones Industrial Average just passed 21000 for the first time, setting yet another record amid a torrid, monthslong run for the stock market. Mar. 1, 2017 at 1:44 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal DuPont Settlement of Chemical Exposure Case Seen as ‘Shot in the Arm’ for Other Suits Feb. 13, 2017 at 12:30 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Rating Dividends’ Health Feb. 11, 2017 at 1:46 a.m. ET on Barron's Toyota Industries Acquires Warehouse Robotics Developer Feb. 6, 2017 at 4:31 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Good Stocks Gone Bad: Investors Bail on Strong Fundamentals Feb. 1, 2017 at 9:25 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Dow Closes Above 20000 for First Time Jan. 25, 2017 at 9:30 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Recent News Other News Press Releases 3M (MMM) Presents At Electrical Products Group 2017 Annual Spring Conference - Slideshow 3M (MMM) Presents At Electrical Products Group 2017 Annual Spring Conference - Slideshow May. 23, 2017 at 4:01 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha 3M Gets Order from the United States Army On May 18, 2017, 3M (MMM) said it received orders from the United States Army for PELTOR TEP-100 earplug kits and PELTOR ComTac communication headsets. May. 22, 2017 at 5:39 p.m. ET on MarketRealist.com Cisco, Boeing Lift DJIA on Monday Cisco Systems, Boeing, 3M, and UnitedHealth led the DJIA higher on Monday. May. 22, 2017 at 3:31 p.m. ET on 247WallSt.com 3M Company's (MMM) CEO Inge Thulin Presents at Electrical Products Group 2017 Annual Spring Conference (Transcript) 3M Company's (MMM) CEO Inge Thulin Presents at Electrical Products Group 2017 Annual Spring Conference (Transcript) May. 22, 2017 at 2:53 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha EPG-presentation-3M EPG-presentation-3M May. 22, 2017 at 11:40 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha My 83 Stock Portfolio Requirements And Listing Of Do Not Sell, Core And Speculation Status My 83 Stock Portfolio Requirements And Listing Of Do Not Sell, Core And Speculation Status May. 22, 2017 at 7:43 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Tracking Tweedy Browne Portfolio - Q1 2017 Update Tracking Tweedy Browne Portfolio - Q1 2017 Update May. 22, 2017 at 2:45 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha 3M: Analyzing The Revenue Streams 3M: Analyzing The Revenue Streams May. 20, 2017 at 7:59 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Applied Materials Lost Market Share To Nearly All Major Competitors In Its Recent FYQ2 Applied Materials Lost Market Share To Nearly All Major Competitors In Its Recent FYQ2 May. 19, 2017 at 10:24 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Dividend Yields Also Drown In Floods Dividend Yields Also Drown In Floods May. 19, 2017 at 9:28 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha How Long Is Your Retirement Runway? How Long Is Your Retirement Runway? May. 19, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Core Convictions: Foundations For Dividend Growth Investors - Part 2 Core Convictions: Foundations For Dividend Growth Investors - Part 2 May. 18, 2017 at 3:42 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Leucadia (LUK) Poised for Long-Term Growth Despite Risks On May 11, we issued an updated research report on diversified holding company, Leucadia National Corporation (LUK). May. 11, 2017 at 8:27 a.m. ET on Zacks.com 3M (MMM) Divests Operating Unit to Focus on Core Business 3M Company's (MMM) Traffic Safety and Security Division recently entered into an agreement to divest its tolling and automated license/number plate recognition business to Neology, Inc. May. 11, 2017 at 7:03 a.m. ET on Zacks.com Looking At Drivers For Industrial ETFs Looking At Drivers For Industrial ETFs May. 17, 2017 at 9:41 a.m. ET on Benzinga.com ITT Inc (ITT) Earnings & Revenues Trump Estimates in Q1 ITT Inc (ITT) first-quarter 2017 earnings and revenues beat estimates. May. 9, 2017 at 10:47 a.m. ET on Zacks.com Regal Beloit (RBC) Beats Q1 Earnings & Revenue Estimates Industrial goods manufacturer Regal Beloit Corporation (RBC) reported decent first-quarter 2017 results despite a challenging macroeconomic environment. May. 9, 2017 at 7:46 a.m. ET on Zacks.com Inside Main Street: Apple's Emotional Bears Outwitted By Rational Bulls Inside Main Street: Apple's Emotional Bears Outwitted By Rational Bulls May. 16, 2017 at 5:52 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Bull of the Day: Align Technology (ALGN) Clearly, investors will continue to smile with this 25% grower in their portfolios May. 8, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET on Zacks.com Patience Leads To Great Dividend Growth Patience Leads To Great Dividend Growth May. 15, 2017 at 12:10 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha 3M Releases 2017 Sustainability Report 3M Releases 2017 Sustainability Report May. 23, 2017 at 1:09 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX 3M™ Littmann® Stethoscopes Launches 50 Years of Listening Campaign 3M™ Littmann® Stethoscopes Launches 50 Years of Listening Campaign May. 22, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX U.S. Army and 3M™ Provide Hearing Protection for Soldiers U.S. Army and 3M™ Provide Hearing Protection for Soldiers May. 18, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Ninth Annual Nexcare Give Program Celebrates Blood Donation, Encouraging Donors to "Roll up a Sleeve and Give Where You Live" for World Blood Donor Day Ninth Annual Nexcare Give Program Celebrates Blood Donation, Encouraging Donors to "Roll up a Sleeve and Give Where You Live" for World Blood Donor Day May. 16, 2017 at 8:05 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX 3M to Sell Its Tolling and Automated License/Number Plate Recognition Business 3M to Sell Its Tolling and Automated License/Number Plate Recognition Business May. 10, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX 3M Board Declares Quarterly Dividend 3M Board Declares Quarterly Dividend May. 9, 2017 at 4:19 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX 3M Annual Meeting Highlights 2016 Achievements 3M Annual Meeting Highlights 2016 Achievements May. 9, 2017 at 11:43 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX 3M™ Fall Protection Will Emphasize Inspection of Equipment and Dropped Tool Prevention During 2017 OSHA Safety Stand-Down 3M™ Fall Protection Will Emphasize Inspection of Equipment and Dropped Tool Prevention During 2017 OSHA Safety Stand-Down May. 5, 2017 at 12:52 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX 3M Food Safety Product Named Winner of Silver Stevie in the 2017 American Business Awards 3M Food Safety Product Named Winner of Silver Stevie in the 2017 American Business Awards May. 3, 2017 at 4:04 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX 3M Reinvents Reflective Material for Activewear with Carbon Black Technology 3M Reinvents Reflective Material for Activewear with Carbon Black Technology May. 2, 2017 at 9:43 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX 3M Reinvents Reflective Material for Activewear with Carbon Black Technology 3M Reinvents Reflective Material for Activewear with Carbon Black Technology May. 2, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Machinery Stocks Under Scanner -- Eaton, 3M, Ingersoll-Rand, and AMETEK Machinery Stocks Under Scanner -- Eaton, 3M, Ingersoll-Rand, and AMETEK May. 2, 2017 at 6:50 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF 3M Completes Sale of Its Identity Management Business 3M Completes Sale of Its Identity Management Business May. 1, 2017 at 4:01 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX The NAPCP and Barclaycard Host Commercial Card and Payment Regional Forum in London, 6 June 2017 The NAPCP and Barclaycard Host Commercial Card and Payment Regional Forum in London, 6 June 2017 May. 1, 2017 at 1:01 p.m. ET on PRWeb Post Earnings Coverage as 3M's Quarterly Sales Increased 3.7%; EPS Jumped 5.4% Post Earnings Coverage as 3M's Quarterly Sales Increased 3.7%; EPS Jumped 5.4% Apr. 28, 2017 at 8:18 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Developments in the Public Safety and Security Markets Developments in the Public Safety and Security Markets Apr. 26, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Strong Earnings Season Continues to Push Markets Higher: Today's Research Reports on Du Pont and 3M Strong Earnings Season Continues to Push Markets Higher: Today's Research Reports on Du Pont and 3M Apr. 26, 2017 at 7:57 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Strong Earnings Season Continues to Push Markets Higher: Today's Research Reports on Du Pont and 3M Strong Earnings Season Continues to Push Markets Higher: Today's Research Reports on Du Pont and 3M Apr. 26, 2017 at 7:55 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Global Flexible Electronics - Advanced Technologies Global Flexible Electronics - Advanced Technologies Apr. 25, 2017 at 10:59 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Global Wood Adhesives Market Forecast to reach USD 5.24 Billion by 2026 Global Wood Adhesives Market Forecast to reach USD 5.24 Billion by 2026 Apr. 24, 2017 at 5:41 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF 3M Co. 3M Co. is a diversified technology company, which manufactures industrial, safety and consumer products. The company operates its business through the following segments: Industrial, Safety & Graphics, Health Care, Electronics & Energy, and Consumer. The Industrial segment provides products, including tapes, abrasives, adhesives, specialty materials and filtration systems to diverse markets from purification to aerospace. The Safety & Graphics segment offers personal protective equipment, traffic safety & security products, commercial graphics systems, commercial cleaning & protection products, floor matting, roofing granules for asphalt shingles, and fall protection products. The Health Care segment supplies medical and surgical equipment, skin health & infection prevention products, drug delivery systems, dental & orthodontic products, health information systems and food safety products. The Electronics & Energy segment offers optical films solutions for electronic displays, packaging and interconnection devices; insulating and splicing solutions; touch screens and touch monitors; renewable energy component solutions; and infrastructure protection products. The Consumer segment provides sponges, scouring pads, high-performance cloths, consumer and office tapes, repositionable notes, indexing systems, home improvement products, home care products, protective material products, and consumer & office tapes, as well as adhesives. The company was founded by Henry S. Bryan, Hermon W. Cable, John Dwan, William A. McGonagle and J. Danley Budd in 1902 and is headquartered in St. Paul, MN. (See Full Profile) Analyst Ratings Sell Under Hold Over Buy Number of Ratings 18 Full Ratings 7 Biggest Price Target Changes For Wednesday Apr. 26, 2017 at 10:33 a.m. ET on Benzinga.com Benzinga's Top Upgrades Dec. 7, 2016 at 8:57 a.m. ET on Benzinga.com Another Sector ETF To Consider This Month Dec. 5, 2016 at 2:15 p.m. ET on Benzinga.com Competitors Name Chg % Market Cap Amazon.com Inc. 0.09% $463.96B Apple Inc. -0.12% $802.88B Danaher Corp. 1.25% $57.55B General Electric Co. 0.35% $245.41B Illinois Tool Works Inc. 0.67% $47.62B Competitor Data Provided By Partner Content Back to Top MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Trending Tickers Powered by NTDOY 1.46% BG 16.60% INTU 1.56% CSIQ 2.00% SWN -0.43% Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Video Center Learn more. Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Trump's Pentagon Budget Delays Big Defense Buildup He Promised by Anthony Capaccio @ACapaccio More stories by Anthony Capaccio May 23, 2017, 12:00 PM EDT May 23, 2017, 5:46 PM EDT Budget maintains Obama plans for F-35, Super Hornet, ships Focus on readiness with more Army troops, Tomahawk missiles Trump Budget With $3.6 Trillion in Cuts Hurts Supporters President Donald Trump’s first full-year defense budget would delay big increases in multibillion-dollar weapons systems while putting more money into troop readiness and precision munitions, such as 100 additional Tomahawk cruise missiles from Raytheon Co. The budget proposed Tuesday for the fiscal year that begins Oct. 1 would provide $574.5 billion for the Pentagon, a 10 percent increase from the last full-year budget in fiscal 2016 and about 9.5 percent more than the budget Congress approved for the current fiscal year. “That’s a pretty healthy increase,” Acting Comptroller John Roth said in an interview. But even if Congress accepts Trump’s budget totals -- and that’s far from assured -- he acknowledged it “doesn’t change significantly” the budget that was projected for the coming year by former President Barack Obama. “There are no new programs, no significant new initiatives,” Roth said. About $10.8 billion is requested for 70 F-35s built by Lockheed Martin Corp., $1.3 billion for 14 F/A-18 Super Hornet jets made by Boeing Co. and $3.1 billion for 15 additional KC-46 aerial refueling tankers from Boeing-- the same quantities projected by Obama. Similarly, Trump’s vow to build a 350-ship Navy instead of the 305 planned under Obama will wait at least a year. The fiscal 2018 request is for eight vessels, including $1.2 billion for one Littoral Combat Ship, two Virginia-class submarines for $5.5 billion and two DDG-51 Flight III destroyers for $4 billion -- all as planned under Obama. The Navy said this year that it would need to request 12 new vessels in fiscal 2018 to start the acceleration. Today, the Navy has 275 ships that can be deployed. Readiness ‘Job One’ “Job One was the readiness shortfall,” Roth said, so “the increases went into training, went into maintenance of equipment and facilities, went into exercises, basic training and those kinds of things -- that’s what gets you to your readiness,” he said, with emphasis on operations and maintenance, such as depot maintenance funds sought by the Navy. Including funding for defense-related spending by the Energy and Justice departments, Trump’s proposed national security budget is $603 billion, plus an additional $65 billion for the war-fighting fund known as the Overseas Contingency Operations account. Roth said the fiscal 2018 request is the middle step of a three-stage buildup that began with a $30 billion, fiscal 2017 budget amendment Congress cut by half. “Eight ships, we would argue, is not a bad deal,” he said. Army Boost The biggest exception from Obama’s approach: Increased funding for the Army to add 26,000 active-duty troops to keep force levels at 476,000, as directed by Congress this year, instead of dropping to 450,000 as had been planned. The Army budget request is $137.1 billion, or about $5 billion more than planned last year. The budget would provide $115 billion for weapons procurement, roughly the amount planned by the Obama administration. It calls for about $83 billion for research, about $6 billion, or 8 percent, more than planned. An additional $10.2 billion is included for procurement in the $65 billion request for war funding, which isn’t covered by budget caps. Still, Trump’s proposal would exceed the military spending caps under the 2011 Budget Control Act by $52 billion, and Democrats in Congress will resist his plan to do that while cutting domestic programs rather than giving them a comparable increase. ‘Must-Pay Bills’ While Trump called in a memo in January for a “great rebuilding of the armed services” and promised a budget “Congress is going to be very happy to see,” members of the congressional Armed Services committees already have said he isn’t proposing enough to rebuild the military. Trump’s defense budget request “is inadequate to the challenges we face, illegal under current law, and part of an overall budget proposal that is dead on arrival in Congress,” Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain of Arizona said in an emailed statement. “This funding level represents a mere 3 percent increase over President Obama’s budget projection for the coming fiscal year.” Trump may propose more for fiscal 2019, but much of this first defense budget “is taken up by ‘must-pay’ bills,” said Mark Cancian, a defense budget specialist and former Office of Management and Budget analyst who’s now with the Center for Strategic and International Studies. The procurement increases in the budget “will be helpful, but not nearly what is needed to recapitalize the force or meet the expectations the administration has set,” Cancian said. The Army and Marine Corps will maintain their planned purchases of Joint Light Tactical Vehicles made by Oshkosh Corp. and Armored Multi-Purpose Vehicles from BAE Systems Plc -- 2,777 and 107 respectively funded through the base and war budgets. The Army also is requesting $1.4 billion for 63 Boeing AH-64 Apache helicopters, a mix of 28 upgraded older models and 15 new ones -- a slight increase over the planned 58 projected under Obama for fiscal 2018. Air Force One The budget requests $434 million for continued research and development of the Boeing-managed program to replace the aging Air Force One planes that carry the president. That’s about $191 million less than the Air Force planned to spend. The project has drawn Trump’s attention -- and tweets from the president complaining that it’s costing too much. The reduction “reflects current acquisition strategy and a new requirements baseline” agreed to with the White House, Air Force budget deputy Carolyn Gleason told reporters Tuesday. The reduction was “informed by Boeing’s risk-reduction activities, basically a change in a cost estimate,” Gleason said. The White House also agreed in March to a set of minimum requirements the aircraft must meet, according to the budget documents. The Air Force also would get increased funding for Northrop Grumman Corp.’s B-21 bomber program to $2 billion, up from $1.3 billion requested for this fiscal year. Five-Year Plan The Pentagon’s five-year plan for fiscal 2019 through 2023 will start to implement Trump’s broader buildup, buttressed by a new National Defense Strategy that should be completed by August, Roth said. “That’s a conversation that’s yet to be had between us, the White House and OMB,” or Office of Management and Budget, he said. For now, five-year estimates in the budget proposal are just placeholders, Roth said. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis “hasn’t spent one moment looking at fiscal 2019 and beyond,” Roth said. Get the latest on global politics in your inbox, every day. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up Increased purchasing of munitions is underscored by the request for $381 million in the base and warfighting budgets for 100 more Tomahawk missiles after the Obama administration stopped production. The Navy’s Tomahawk cruise missile is used in land-attack operations from ships and submarines. In Trump’s first major military operation, 59 Tomahawks were fired in April against a Syrian airfield said to have been used to launch a chemical attack against a city. Also included in the request: $889 million for 6,000 Lockheed Guided Multiple Launch Rocket System munitions $874 million for 34,529 Boeing JDAM GPS-guided bomb tail kits $714 million for 7,664 Lockheed Hellfire missiles $504.1 million in base and war funding for 7,312 Boeing and Raytheon Small Diameter Bombs $451 million for continued research of the new nuclear Long-Range Stand-off Missile for launch off B-52, B-2 and B-21 bombers $432 million to buy 40 of Lockheed’s new Offensive Anti-Ship Weapons for launch off B-1B bombers and F/A-18E/F fighters Missile Defense Agency research spending of $5.87 billion, up from $5.79 billion approved this year The war funding request of $65 billion includes $46 billion to support Afghanistan operations with a U.S. force level of 8,448 personnel. It doesn’t provide for additional U.S. troops, pending a White House decision on a request from the military to add more troops, Roth said. In addition, $13 billion is requested for operations in Iraq and Syria and $4.8 billion is sought for the European Reassurance Initiative intended to bolster deterrence against Russia. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read U.K.'s May Warns Further Terrorist Attacks Could Be Imminent SpaceX Technician Says Concerns About Tests Got Him Fired Madoff Fund Paid Millions to Breeden Firm, Zero to Victims America’s Cities Are Running Out of Room Trump's Budget Bites Deeply Into Programs Benefiting His Voters Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Business CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Business Tax Season CBC SecureDrop Photo Galleries In Bombardier fight, Boeing sees ghost of Airbus ascent Thomson Reuters Posted: May 23, 2017 12:09 PM ET Last Updated: May 23, 2017 12:12 PM ET Bombardier's CSeries commercial jet takes off on its first flight in Montreal on Sept. 16, 2013. Boeing has launched a trade fight against the new aircraft. (Ryan Remiorz/Canadian Press) Related Stories Ottawa reconsiders Boeing purchases amid accusations against Bombardier Boeing seeks duties at hearing against Bombardier CSeries Bombardier faces lengthy legal battle with Boeing that could hurt CSeries sales Boeing pushes anti-dumping probe against Bombardier Brazil complains to WTO over Ottawa's aid to Bombardier The invisible handout from taxpayers helped create Bombardier's billions: Don Pittis Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defence revenue Two words underpin Boeing's decision to launch a U.S. trade complaint against Bombardier, which plunged it into a row with Canada last week: "Never again". Allegations that the Canadian firm dumped newly designed CSeries passenger jets in the United States at a steep loss have threatened a sale of F/A-18 warplanes to Ottawa, sending Boeing scrambling to save the deal. Ottawa reconsiders Boeing purchases amid accusations against Bombardier  Some analysts say Boeing carelessly put at risk billions of dollars of defence work or pandered to growing protectionism. But decades after Boeing failed to prevent European upstart Airbus gaining momentum with early victories in the United States, people familiar with the company say the strategic importance of defending its core passenger jet business outweighs the diplomatic storm. U.S. industry experts say Boeing and other jetmakers at the time did not take the European consortium seriously enough and allowed their future nemesis to poach U.S. airlines from 1978. Again after the September 2001 attacks in the United States, when Boeing slashed production, Airbus filled the vacuum, building up market share and never looking back. U.S. industry experts say Boeing and other jetmakers did not take the Airbus consortium seriously enough and allowed their future nemesis to poach U.S. airlines beginning in 1978. (Brad Nettles, The Post and Courier/Associated Press) For years Boeing insiders have rued that decision, even while battling Airbus at the World Trade Organization (WTO) over mutual accusations of unfair subsidies. While leading in widebody jets, it has seen the narrowbody market - where the industry makes most cash - slip away as Airbus grabbed some 60 per cent of new-generation sales. Such a significant imbalance in market share poses serious long-term risk to the loser in the Airbus-Boeing duopoly, because it creates a gap in costs that can't easily be bridged. 'Crucial market entry' Now, Boeing sees a second rival entering its domestic market with what it sees as low prices and is determined not to underestimate the threat again, people close to the company say. "It's a crucial entry market," said a person familiar with Boeing's strategy in taking on Bombardier. "This is the case Boeing might have brought against Airbus 40 years ago. Not taking action at the start led to consequences." On the surface, Boeing's case is about the sale of jets to Delta Air Lines at what Boeing claims were unfairly low prices. Bombardier denies Boeing's estimates of both the price and the cost at which it is able to make its new jet, while critics say Boeing accounting rules allow it to disguise weak pricing. Boeing seeks duties at hearing against Bombardier CSeries Bombardier faces lengthy legal battle with Boeing that could hurt CSeries sales While the high-profile deal ignited Boeing's complaint, executives say Boeing's stance reflects a longer-term concern. Although Bombardier's small narrowbody jet has so far barely scratched Boeing's larger 737 and has suffered a spate of financial problems, the all-new design disturbs a landscape made up mainly by makeovers of existing Airbus and Boeing models. With Airbus still well ahead on narrowbody orders even after a recent lull, Boeing can ill afford to be squeezed on two fronts. Even less so with new players like China arriving. A Boeing spokesman declined to comment. Precision trade weapon Boeing's response marries strategic worries about its narrowbody position with a legal tactic designed to exploit a vulnerability the CSeries has, but global rival Airbus did not. The 110-130 seat CSeries relies mainly for now on the regional jet market, where North America is by far the largest single component and whose airlines therefore decide its future. Visitors pass by a section of a Bombardier plane on display during the Aviation Expo China 2011 at the National Convention centre in Beijing, China in Sept. 2011. (How Hwee Young/EPA) That hands Boeing the opportunity to make use of a domestic lawsuit ill-suited to its global confrontation with Airbus, but which if successful could deliver a hammer blow to the CSeries. Trade sources see a second tactical motive for spurning the WTO and filing the industry's first such domestic U.S. case. U.S. anti-dumping cases typically take a year - versus 13 years and counting in its trench warfare against Airbus. That coincides with first delivery of a CSeries to Delta in April 2018. If Boeing succeeds, the jets could be hit from day one with extra duties, blunting Bombardier's competitiveness more quickly and more directly than normal trade sanctions. The invisible handout from taxpayers helped create Bombardier's billions: Don Pittis Still, Boeing faces a headache over what to do about lost fighter sales if Canada makes good on a threat to drop a deal for F/A-18 warplanes in retaliation for Boeing's trade claim. With Boeing's future fighter production in jeopardy as sales run dry, Boeing is anxious to keep its presence in that business long enough to compete for tomorrow's military programmes. Cash cow But without stability in its narrowbody jetliner business, Boeing faces an even deeper concern, since this is the cash cow for many of the company's other activities. Sources says Boeing's defence bosses signed off on bringing the trade case, highlighting the importance attached to the 737. The broader stakes raised by Bombardier's foray into the U.S. market were underscored when China was reported to revive on-off talks to invest in Bombardier. Airbus itself weighed buying the CSeries before talks collapsed in 2015. Whoever wins the trade spat between Bombardier and Boeing, one thing is clear: the small jet from Montreal has made its mark on the strategic calculations of all industry rivals, and now faces a battle for new sales. © Thomson Reuters, 2017 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Latest Business Headlines Some diesel Dodge Ram pickups and Jeep Grand Cherokees cheat emissions tests, U.S. says May 23, 2:58 PM ET read comments No desk of your own: The office plan of the future? May 23, 5:00 AM ET video 1st Trump budget chops social programs while boosting defence & infrastructure spending May 23, 4:53 PM ET A 10% hike to mortgage payments would sink almost 3 quarters of homeowners, Manulife says May 23, 9:26 PM ET read comments video Toronto stock index climbs on banks, industrials May 23, 5:10 PM ET Must Watch Video Financial footing 7:19 Manulife Bank CEO Rick Lunny on a survey that finds we could have major problems making mortgage payments in the event of unexpected expenses, a job loss or a rate hike Video The Ticker 11:13 Conor Bill, managing director at Mt. Auburn Capital, on some of the top stories of the day Video Free time 7:47 Jon Chevreau, founder of Financial Independence Hub, on managing your new spare time upon retirement Video Valuable asset 6:55 Michael Orrbrooke is CEO and founder of futureshare, a new alternative to reverse mortgages and home equity loans Watch The Exchange here Watch Recent shows and interviews Recent discussions about business news and newsmakers Markets TSX COMPOSITE   Rotate stock indices Pause stock rotation Show previous stock PLAY May 24, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 24, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 24, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 24, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 24, 2017 12:00 AM ET Index Last Trade Change TSX COMPOSITE 15476.94 18.48 DOW 20937.91 43.08 NASDAQ 6138.71 5.09 SP 500 2398.42 4.40 TSX-VENTURE 803.67 -3.23 The data on this site is informational only and may be delayed; it is not intended as trading or investment advice and you should not rely on it as such. Most Viewed A 10% hike to mortgage payments would sink almost 3 quarters of homeowners, Manulife says read comments video No desk of your own: The office plan of the future? video Is your condo board above board? Tips for evaluating condo governance read comments U.S. suing Fiat Chrysler for cheating on emissions tests read comments Trump's 1st budget pitches spending cuts for social programs Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Don't Miss No desk of your own: The office plan of the future? Is your condo board above board? Tips for evaluating condo governance Analysis The struggle to put Venezuela back on the path to economic health: Don Pittis Mystery shopping recruiter struggles to find workers because of scammers FIFTH ESTATE CRA records missing in KPMG tax dodge affair Breakfast sandwich sales boom as time-starved Canadians shun cereal at home Ottawa vows to stop forced bumping due to overbooked flights, but critics question if plan will work FIFTH ESTATE Tax adviser to revenue minister attended KPMG-sponsored Madrid conference, parties Analysis 'The worst scenario': What if Canada's real estate bubble bursts? Analysis Ransomware attack reveals bitcoin as an accessory to cybercrime: Don Pittis Go Public Credit union employees say high-pressure sales targets turn 'members' into 'marks' Analysis West Texas oil boom threatens recovery in Canadian oilpatch Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Spacesuit Market Global Analysis & 2017-2022 Forecast Research “ReportsWeb” ReportsWeb.com added “Global Spacesuit Market Research Report 2017” to its vast collection of research Database. The report is spread across 102 pages and supported by 9 company leaders. The Global Spacesuit Market Research Report 2017is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Spacesuit industry. In a word, This report studies Spacesuit in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer. Key companies included in this research are Boeing, David Clark, ILC Dover, NPP Zvezda, Oceaneering International, Austrian Space Forum (OeWF), Final Frontier Design, Pacific Spaceflight and UTC Aerospace Systems. Browse complete report @ http://www.reportsweb.com/global-spacesuit-market-research-report-2017 Market Segment by Region, this report splits Global into several key Region, with sales, revenue, market share and growth rate of Spacesuit in these regions, from 2011 to 2022 (forecast), like U North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India. Firstly, Spacesuit Market On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Low Pressure Spacesuit and Hyperbaric Spacesuit. On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales) , market share and growth rate of Spacesuit for each application, including EVA and IVA. Request for Sample @ http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001791754/sample Major points from Table of Contents: 1 Spacesuit Market Overview 2 Global Spacesuit Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Spacesuit Production, Revenue (Value) by Regions (2012-2017) 4 Global Spacesuit Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2012-2017) 5 Global Spacesuit Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Types 6 Global Spacesuit Market Analysis by Applications 7 Global Spacesuit Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Boeing 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Spacesuit Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Boeing Spacesuit Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)  7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 David Clark 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Spacesuit Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 David Clark Spacesuit Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)  7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 ILC Dover 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Spacesuit Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 ILC Dover Spacesuit Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)  7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Spacesuit Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Spacesuit Market Forecast (2017-2022) List of Tables and Figures Figure Picture of Spacesuit Figure Global Spacesuit Production (K Units) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Types (Product Category) (2012-2022)  Figure Global Spacesuit Production Market Share by Types (Product Category) in 2016 Figure Product Picture of Low Pressure Spacesuit Table Major Manufacturers of Low Pressure Spacesuit Figure Product Picture of Hyperbaric Spacesuit Table Major Manufacturers of Hyperbaric Spacesuit Figure Global Spacesuit Consumption (K Units) by Applications (2012-2022)  Figure Global Spacesuit Consumption Market Share by Applications in 2016 Figure EVA Examples Table Key Downstream Customer in EVA Figure IVA Examples Table Key Downstream Customer in IVA Figure Global Spacesuit Market Size (Million USD) , Comparison (K Units) and CAGR (%) by Regions (2012-2022)  Figure North America Spacesuit Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022)  Figure Europe Spacesuit Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022)  Figure China Spacesuit Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022)  Figure Japan Spacesuit Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022)  Figure Southeast Asia Spacesuit Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022)  Figure India Spacesuit Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022)  Figure Global Spacesuit Revenue (Million USD) Status and Outlook (2012-2022)  Figure Global Spacesuit Capacity, Production (K Units) Status and Outlook (2012-2022)  Figure Global Spacesuit Major Players Product Capacity (K Units) (2012-2017)  Table Global Spacesuit Capacity (K Units) of Key Manufacturers (2012-2017)  Table Global Spacesuit Capacity Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2012-2017)  Figure Global Spacesuit Capacity (K Units) of Key Manufacturers in 2016 Figure Global Spacesuit Capacity (K Units) of Key Manufacturers in 2017 Figure Global Spacesuit Major Players Product Production (K Units) (2012-2017)  Table Global Spacesuit Production (K Units) of Key Manufacturers (2012-2017)  Table Global Spacesuit Production Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017)  Figure 2016 Spacesuit Production Share by Manufacturers Figure 2017 Spacesuit Production Share by Manufacturers Figure Global Spacesuit Major Players Product Revenue (Million USD) (2012-2017)  Table Global Spacesuit Revenue (Million USD) by Manufacturers (2012-2017)  Table Global Spacesuit Revenue Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017)  Table 2016 Global Spacesuit Revenue Share by Manufacturers Table 2017 Global Spacesuit Revenue Share by Manufacturers Table Global Market Spacesuit Average Price (USD/Unit) of Key Manufacturers (2012-2017)  Place a Direct Purchase Order of Complete Report @ http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001791754/buy/2900 Media Contact Company Name: ReportsWeb Contact Person: Rajat Sahni Email: sam@reportsweb.com Phone: +1-646-491-9876 Country: India Website: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-spacesuit-market-research-report-2017 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Europe, Government & Politics, Science, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 4G (LTE) Devices Market Key Manufacturer, Analysis and 2022 Forecasts for North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India Next PostNext Riassunto: Smiths Detection lancia Checkpoint.Evoplus all’Airport Show di Dubai Search Recent Posts World Bank and Ulaanbaatar City Partner to Improve Municipal Capital Investment Planning and Public Transport Financing Дэлхийн Банк, Нийслэлийн захиргаа хотын төсвийн хөрөнгө оруулалтын төлөвлөлт, нийтийн тээврийн санхүүжилтийг сайжруулахад хамтран ажиллана Global Machine Translation Market share to reach $1.5bn by 2024 United States Bike Helmets Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Europe Waste Heat Recovery in Oil and Gas Market: Basic Influencing Factors Driving the Market Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Phone Reviews Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy S8: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy S8: Australian Review PC Reviews Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure AMD Radeon RX 550: The Gizmodo Review Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews The Australian Home Battery Storage Buying Guide Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage The Coolest Smart Home Innovations In 2017 Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told On American Gods, Belief Is Starting To Make The Impossible Happen  Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review The Australian Home Battery Storage Buying Guide The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets Watch A Rogue Drone Crash Into The Crowd At An MLB Game Forget Fingerprints: You Could Soon Use Your Gait To Secure Your Phone It's Alarmingly Easy To Hack The Samsung Galaxy S8's Iris Scanner Google's AlphaGo Handily Beats Teen World Champion In First Match Mobile The Best Value Prepaid Phone Plans In Australia The Best Apps For Hearing The News Before Anyone Else New Penalties Signal Long-Awaited Crackdown On 'Revenge Porn' Instagram Won't Stop Showing Me The Mother's Day Photos I Don't Want To See Car Tech Autonomous Cars Must Let Us Wander And Explore Without A Destination In Mind Barcelona Has Some Pretty Cool Cars, And Surprisingly Cool Vans Deals: Fang Around Safely With This Hands-Free Phone Mount Oopsie! Uber Just Noticed It Forgot To Pay Drivers Millions Of Dollars Online Transgender Creator Of Assigned Male Webcomic Facing Death Threats From Online Trolls Busted Movie-Ransoming Pirates Show There May Not Be A Lot Of Money In This Racket PayPal Beats Up On Sad Sack Pandora Over New Logo FCC Refuses To Release Evidence Of The 'DDoS Attack' On Its Website Science & Health Watch A Mortified Demolition Crew Accidentally Tear Down The Wrong Building Synthetic Meat Spat Shows That Ethical Meat Doesn't Mean Peaceful Meat Australian Climate Expert Says Pain-In-The-Arse America Should Just Ditch The Paris Agreement Already That 'Alien Megastructure' Star Is Freaking Out Again Cameras Unf, These New Images Of Our Seafloor Are Gorgeous This Photographer Shoots 370km/h Formula One Cars On A Camera From 1913 Pennsylvania's New Body Camera Policy Would Allow Officers Unrestricted Access To Film In Homes Australia Looks Especially Beautiful From The Air In These Award-Winning Drone Photos Computing How To Figure Out What's Slowing Your Computer Down Meet The Beautiful New Microsoft Surface Pro When Windows 10 Screws Your Game Night NVIDIA Has Launched An Australian Online Store Gaming LIVE: Watch Gizmodo Take On Kotaku At A Sherlock-Themed Escape Room There's A Medical Malpractice Simulator Game And It Is Terrifying Every Second Of The New Reservoir Dogs Game Is An Emotional Struggle The Thing Injustice 2 Gets Right About Harley Quinn That Suicide Squad Got Wrong Entertainment Amazon Is Adapting Teenage Assassin Movie Hanna Into A Series Doug Liman Will Not Direct The Justice League Dark Movie After All Netflix Stats Show Australians Love Drama In The Streets, Thrillers In The Sheets Every Show Should Handle Sex Like American Gods Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Deals: Fang Around Safely With This Hands-Free Phone Mount The Australian Home Battery Storage Buying Guide How To Figure Out What's Slowing Your Computer Down This Is A Bathroom On An Airplane David Tracy and Jalopnik May 24, 2017, 12:00am ⋅ Filed to:  bathrooms boeing jalopnik jets Share Photo: Boeing Let's have a bit of fun and compare my bathroom to the one on a Boeing Business Jet, which the company has been showing off at the European Business Aviation Convention & Exhibition, or EBACE, in Geneva to make us all feel bad about ourselves. In an effort to give into Boeing's clear attempt to make me feel like a good-for-nothing "poor," I just compared my own bathroom (which is built in the proper habitat for bathrooms — on land) to Boeing's water closet in the sky. As you can see, the Boeing bathroom — which is just a temporary restroom for occasional bowel movements during business travel — has a nice wide sink counter probably made of elephants' tusks, tons of shelving and closets probably made out of the middle class's hopes and dreams, a big wide mirror probably made of diamond, and a fantastic faucet that pours out tears from suckers known as taxpayers. Plus, unless Boeing found a shrunken bar of soap and a bunch of smurf-sized bottles of shampoo, that bathroom looks enormous. By contrast, my bathroom — which isn't temporary, and in which I have no choice but to have the vast majority of my bowel movements — is so small, the only way I could get the whole thing in the frame was to take this photo through the doorway. Look at this pathetic thing: And what you see through the doorway is pretty much all there is. There's a sink, a toilet and a shower, all far too close in proximity to one another. That means when I sit down to engage in human weight savings, my feet are right up against the sink, and when I get out of the shower, I've got to somehow squeeze between the sink and the sliding pane of glass — a move that has sent me on my arse a number of times. That's not even mentioning the disaster that lies behind those no-longer-transparent sliding glass panes — it's bad. I should probably clean it. Plus, just look at the "tiles." My walls are literally held up by screws: So to Boeing, I say: I get it. Your little jet bathroom is better than mine (and frankly, my entire house) in every way, and I'm a worthless little poor. On display at #EBACE17, here's the #Boeing Business Jets demonstrator! An example of the space, comfort & versatility that the #BBJ offers. pic.twitter.com/CugUCibhGM — Boeing Airplanes (@BoeingAirplanes) May 22, 2017 The rest of the jet is pretty nice, too. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments patdude @patdude May 24, 2017, 12:10pm yes more one percentyers can rub our faces in it. Maybe the french had the right idea with guillotines... Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Crunching The Numbers On The Tesla Solar Roof Lindsay Handmer 23 May 2017 7:45 AM Last week, Tesla announced Australian pre-orders for its solar roof, with installations starting in 2018. The idea is fantastic -- replace your house roof with solar tiles that look good, generate power and are even more durable than existing options. But in the real world, is it worth the price? We crunch the numbers to find out. The Three Best USB Power Banks You Can Buy Campbell Simpson 22 May 2017 12:45 PM You use your phone a lot. It runs out of battery. You cry. Solve that. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Fang Around Safely With This Hands-Free Phone Mount Deals: Stop People From Seeing All The Dodgy Stuff You Search Online Deals: This Is How You Can Build Smart Home Apps Deals: Get 1TB Of Cloud Storage For Life Trending Articles 1 Crunching The Numbers On The Tesla Solar Roof 2 The Three Best USB Power Banks You Can Buy 3 Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Watch A Mortified Demolition Crew Accidentally Tear Down The Wrong Building Autonomous Cars Must Let Us Wander And Explore Without A Destination In Mind Amazon Is Adapting Teenage Assassin Movie Hanna Into A Series Synthetic Meat Spat Shows That Ethical Meat Doesn't Mean Peaceful Meat El Shaddai Creator Announces New RPG For PS4 And PS Vita Battlefield 1 DLC Adds Female Soldiers The Wii U Gets A Video Game Today Pokemon GO 'Cheaters' Say Niantic Is Punishing Them By Hiding Rare Monster Spawns Hump Day Deals: Cheap Smart TVs, Dick Smith Clearance Sale, 20% Off Whisky Data 61 Opens The Gait On Authentication Organise Your Bathroom Counter With Stackable Plates 7 'Trendy' Diets Put To The Test [Infographic] Marks & Spencer profits nosedive 63% as it spends hundreds of millions on turnaround plan 10 things in tech you need to know today UFC president Dana White says Floyd Mayweather fight could be Conor McGregor's last A startup which lets you book medical appointments online has raised £13 million © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman One Put, One Call Option To Know About for Boeing Shutterstock photo Consistently, one of the more popular stocks people enter into their stock options watchlist at Stock Options Channel is Boeing Co. (Symbol: BA). So this week we highlight one interesting put contract, and one interesting call contract, from the January 2018 expiration for BA. The put contract our YieldBoost algorithm identified as particularly interesting, is at the $155 strike, which has a bid at the time of this writing of $3.55. Collecting that bid as the premium represents a 2.3% return against the $155 commitment, or a 3.5% annualized rate of return (at Stock Options Channel we call this the YieldBoost ). Selling a put does not give an investor access to BA’s upside potential the way owning shares would, because the put seller only ends up owning shares in the scenario where the contract is exercised. So unless Boeing Co. sees its shares fall 15.3% and the contract is exercised (resulting in a cost basis of $151.45 per share before broker commissions, subtracting the $3.55 from $155), the only upside to the put seller is from collecting that premium for the 3.5% annualized rate of return. Worth considering, is that the annualized 3.5% figure actually exceeds the 3.1% annualized dividend paid by Boeing Co. , based on the current share price of $182.75. And yet, if an investor was to buy the stock at the going market price in order to collect the dividend, there is greater downside because the stock would have to lose 15.31% to reach the $155 strike price. Always important when discussing dividends is the fact that, in general, dividend amounts are not always predictable and tend to follow the ups and downs of profitability at each company. In the case of Boeing Co. , looking at the dividend history chart for BA below can help in judging whether the most recent dividend is likely to continue, and in turn whether it is a reasonable expectation to expect a 3.1% annualized dividend yield. Turning to the other side of the option chain, we highlight one call contract of particular interest for the January 2018 expiration, for shareholders of Boeing Co. (Symbol: BA) looking to boost their income beyond the stock’s 3.1% annualized dividend yield. Selling the covered call at the $190 strike and collecting the premium based on the $7.70 bid, annualizes to an additional 6.3% rate of return against the current stock price (this is what we at Stock Options Channel refer to as the YieldBoost ), for a total of 9.4% annualized rate in the scenario where the stock is not called away. Any upside above $190 would be lost if the stock rises there and is called away, but BA shares would have to climb 3.8% from current levels for that to happen, meaning that in the scenario where the stock is called, the shareholder has earned a 8% return from this trading level, in addition to any dividends collected before the stock was called. The chart below shows the trailing twelve month trading history for Boeing Co. , highlighting in green where the $155 strike is located relative to that history, and highlighting the $190 strike in red: The chart above, and the stock’s historical volatility, can be a helpful guide in combination with fundamental analysis to judge whether selling the January 2018 put or call options highlighted in this article deliver a rate of return that represents good reward for the risks. We calculate the trailing twelve month volatility for Boeing Co. (considering the last 251 trading day BA historical stock prices using closing values, as well as today’s price of $182.75) to be 18%. In mid-afternoon trading on Monday, the put volume among S&P 500 components was 777,712 contracts, with call volume at 1.36M, for a put:call ratio of 0.57 so far for the day. Compared to the long-term median put:call ratio of .65, that represents high call volume relative to puts; in other words, buyers are showing a preference for calls in options trading so far today. Find out which 15 call and put options traders are talking about today . Top YieldBoost BA Calls » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious European Transcatheter Mitral Valve Leaflet Repair Using Mitral Clips for Mitral Regurgitation Reimbursement Report 2017 – Research and Markets Next PostNext Mobile Operating Tables Market to Register Substantial Expansion by 2017 – 2025 : Persistence Market Research Search Recent Posts Lao PDR Economic Monitor April 2017: Promoting More Inclusive Growth and Financing the Health Sector Lao PDR’s Reforms Can Strengthen and Sustain Inclusive Growth Canadian Natural Resources Limited Prices C$1.8 Billion in 3, 9.5 and 30 Year Medium-Term Notes Canadian Natural Resources Limited Prices C$1.8 Billion in 3, 9.5 and 30 Year Medium-Term Notes Canadian Natural Resources Limited Prices US$3.0 Billion in 5.5, 10 and 30 Year Unsecured Notes Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:04 GMT, May 24, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeBusiness Boeing attempts to block Bombardier from muscling into US market Published time: 23 May, 2017 10:54 Get short URL Bombardier's CS300 Aircraft © Christinne Muschi / Reuters The decision of US aerospace giant Boeing to lodge a trade complaint against Canadian rival Bombardier could threaten its sale of F/A-18 warplanes to Ottawa; analysts told Reuters. Read more Boeing plans 4,500 job cuts as competition with Airbus gets hotter Boeing and Canada are in talks over the purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighters this year or in early 2018. Last week the US Commerce Department started investigating Boeing's claims the Canadian plane maker dumped CSeries jetliners on the US market below cost. Bombardier’s 110-130 seat CSeries is aimed at the regional jet market, and the company sees North America as by far the largest single market for its jets. In its petition, Boeing said Bombardier, determined to win a key order from Delta Air Lines, had offered its planes to the airline at an "absurdly low" $19.6 million each. According to Boeing, the sum is well below what it described as the aircraft’s production cost of $33.2 million. Bombardier has rejected the allegation. Following the investigation, the Canadian government suggested it could scrap plans to buy Boeing fighter jets if a United States court ruled against Bombardier. READ MORE: New Russian airliner set to take on Airbus and Boeing Some analysts accuse Boeing of carelessly putting at risk billions of dollars of defense work or pandering to growing protectionism. Others say decades after Boeing failed to prevent European upstart Airbus from gaining momentum with early sales victories in the United States. The company could now see a second rival entering its domestic market if it underestimates the threat again. Read more New Russian airliner set to take on Airbus and Boeing They add that the strategic importance of defending Boeing’s core passenger jet business outweighs the diplomatic storm. "It's a crucial entry market," said a person familiar with Boeing's strategy in taking on Bombardier. "This is the case Boeing might have brought against Airbus 40 years ago. Not taking action at the start led to consequences." Boeing is currently before the World Trade Organization with a long-running dispute with Airbus, accusing the company of benefiting from similar "unfair" government subsidies. Bombardier is “taking a page out of the Airbus strategy book” by trying to muscle into the US market with cut-rate pricing, Boeing said in the petition. Analysts say the disagreement between Boeing and Bombardier could worsen already strained US-Canadian trade relations. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Boeing blamed for maintenance errors on Air Force One - KTRE.com | Lufkin and Nacogdoches, Texas Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME East Texas Kitchen See It, Snap It, Send It Only on KTRE 9 News Text and email alerts KTRE 9 To Go mobile app FirstAlert KTRE 9 Weather mobile app Video Our Thoughts on the Matter Arcade BFF: Best Furry Friends News Investigates Texas Headlines National International Only on KTRE 9 News Terrorism around the world SeeClickFix The Loop Weather Live Streaming Radar KTRE First Alert ThunderCall KTRE Weather Tools TxDOT Current Road Conditions Current Texas Burn Bans Sunrise and Sunset Times Texas Road Conditions Texas Lake Levels Moon Phase Calendar Sports Bi-District Playoff Results West squads sweep Azalea Orthopedic All-Star games Press Release: Cowboys officially release Tony Romo Saturday Results: Three East Texas teams advance to state Cowboys 2017 schedule released Zach Conque Signs Free Agent Contract with Houston Texans Area Round Results - ETX softball teams advancing in playoffs Bi-District Results - ETX baseball teams advancing in playoffs Collegiate Commissioners Association greenlights early signing period for football SFA baseball will open up Southland Conference Tournament against SHU Red Zone Faces Red Zone Scores and Schedules Red Zone Access Video Investigates Texas on pace to set record for investigations into relationships between students and teachers Document dates ex-Zavalla coach's behavior to 2010 Woden ISD incident Documents: State began investigating ex Zavalla coach in July Win Stuff Catch of the Week Brad Said It Would Umbrella Giveaway In The Kitchen Apron Giveaway Coffee Mug Giveaway Good Morning East Texas Birthday Club TV Community Noticias ETX About Us East Texas News Team Contact KTRE Advertise on KTRE Digital Sales KTRE Jobs TV Ratings Guide Closed captioning EEO Summary Reports Boeing blamed for maintenance errors on Air Force One 2017-05-22T20:35:36Z2017-05-22T20:35:36Z By ROBERT BURNS AP National Security Writer WASHINGTON (AP) - The Air Force is blaming Boeing mechanics for accidental contamination of the oxygen system aboard one of the modified Boeing 747 planes known as Air Force One used for presidential travel. The plane was undergoing maintenance at a Boeing facility in San Antonio, Texas, when the mishap occurred in April 2016. No one was injured. An Air Force accident investigation report released this month faulted three Boeing mechanics for using tools and parts that did not meet cleanliness standards while checking oxygen lines for leaks. The standards are meant to prevent a fire hazard. The mechanics also used an unauthorized cleaning procedure. The report says Boeing has paid more than $4 million to clean or replace contaminated portions of the aircraft's oxygen system. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Can't Find Something? 358 TV Road Pollok, TX 75969 (936) 853-5873 FCC Public File publicfile@ktre.com (936) 853-5873 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Phone Reviews Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy S8: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy S8: Australian Review PC Reviews Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure AMD Radeon RX 550: The Gizmodo Review Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews The Australian Home Battery Storage Buying Guide Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage The Coolest Smart Home Innovations In 2017 Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told On American Gods, Belief Is Starting To Make The Impossible Happen  Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review The Australian Home Battery Storage Buying Guide The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets Watch A Rogue Drone Crash Into The Crowd At An MLB Game Forget Fingerprints: You Could Soon Use Your Gait To Secure Your Phone It's Alarmingly Easy To Hack The Samsung Galaxy S8's Iris Scanner Google's AlphaGo Handily Beats Teen World Champion In First Match Mobile The Best Value Prepaid Phone Plans In Australia The Best Apps For Hearing The News Before Anyone Else New Penalties Signal Long-Awaited Crackdown On 'Revenge Porn' Instagram Won't Stop Showing Me The Mother's Day Photos I Don't Want To See Car Tech Autonomous Cars Must Let Us Wander And Explore Without A Destination In Mind Barcelona Has Some Pretty Cool Cars, And Surprisingly Cool Vans Deals: Fang Around Safely With This Hands-Free Phone Mount Oopsie! Uber Just Noticed It Forgot To Pay Drivers Millions Of Dollars Online Transgender Creator Of Assigned Male Webcomic Facing Death Threats From Online Trolls Busted Movie-Ransoming Pirates Show There May Not Be A Lot Of Money In This Racket PayPal Beats Up On Sad Sack Pandora Over New Logo FCC Refuses To Release Evidence Of The 'DDoS Attack' On Its Website Science & Health Tell Me This New Planetary Object Isn't A Doughnut Watch A Mortified Demolition Crew Accidentally Tear Down The Wrong Building Synthetic Meat Spat Shows That Ethical Meat Doesn't Mean Peaceful Meat Australian Climate Expert Says Pain-In-The-Arse America Should Just Ditch The Paris Agreement Already Cameras Unf, These New Images Of Our Seafloor Are Gorgeous This Photographer Shoots 370km/h Formula One Cars On A Camera From 1913 Pennsylvania's New Body Camera Policy Would Allow Officers Unrestricted Access To Film In Homes Australia Looks Especially Beautiful From The Air In These Award-Winning Drone Photos Computing How To Figure Out What's Slowing Your Computer Down Meet The Beautiful New Microsoft Surface Pro When Windows 10 Screws Your Game Night NVIDIA Has Launched An Australian Online Store Gaming LIVE: Watch Gizmodo Take On Kotaku At A Sherlock-Themed Escape Room There's A Medical Malpractice Simulator Game And It Is Terrifying Every Second Of The New Reservoir Dogs Game Is An Emotional Struggle The Thing Injustice 2 Gets Right About Harley Quinn That Suicide Squad Got Wrong Entertainment Amazon Is Adapting Teenage Assassin Movie Hanna Into A Series Doug Liman Will Not Direct The Justice League Dark Movie After All Netflix Stats Show Australians Love Drama In The Streets, Thrillers In The Sheets Every Show Should Handle Sex Like American Gods Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Deals: Fang Around Safely With This Hands-Free Phone Mount The Australian Home Battery Storage Buying Guide How To Figure Out What's Slowing Your Computer Down Here's What Saudi Arabia Is Buying In Its $110 Billion Arms Deal Terrell Jermaine Starr and Jalopnik May 23, 2017, 1:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  arms deals feature foxtrotalpha saudi arabia thaad Share President Donald Trump is celebrating a ten-year, $US350 billion ($460 billion) arms deal with Saudi Arabia he announced over the weekend during his visit in Riyadh; $US110 billion of that figure will take effect immediately. Here's what $US110 billion dollars in nothing but the finest American weapons gets you these says. An American M1A2 tank. Photo credit: U.S. Army The U.S. State Department said in a written statement that the arms package "supports the long-term security of Saudi Arabia and the Gulf region in the face of malign Iranian influence and Iranian related threats." Besides protecting itself against Iran, the arms deal, which include tanks, helicopters, ships and other kinds of hardware will strengthen Riyadh's ability to protect itself, relieving U.S. forces of the burden to some degree. There is no official itemized list of arms connected to the $US110 billion sum, but it appears that Lockheed Martin, Boeing and Raytheon are the biggest beneficiaries. Lockheed Martin said in a statement that the Saudi Arabia will procure "more than $US28 billion worth of Lockheed Martin integrated air and missile defence, combat ship, tactical aircraft and rotary wing technologies and programs." Boeing and Raytheon also released statements, but did not specify how much money they expect to earn from the deal. A state department official forwarded Foxtrot Alpha this link of letters of offer and acceptance when we asked for details related to the arms deal. White House officials told The National Interest that details on the exact nature of what will be sold told the Saudis are still being ironed out, but it will likely be "a mix of direct commercial sales and foreign military sales contracts." Based on the memorandum of intent items outline in the link the State Department sent us, we itemized some of the big ticket items the Saudis are expecting. This is a partial list. Tanks An American M88A2 HERCULES. Photo credit: Mark Mauno Saudi Arabia is expecting 153 M1A1/A2 tank structures, which will be turned into 133 Saudi-specification M1A2S main battle tanks. Twenty additional tanks will replace those from the Saudis fleet that were lost in combat, possibly against Yemen. The tank sale also comes with M88A1/A2 Heavy Equipment Recovery Combat Utility Lift Evacuation System (HERCULES) — think of that like a tow truck for tanks — along with additional equipment, training, and support, according to the State Department. That tallies up to around $US1.5 billion. The M1A2 is an improvement on the M1A1, and a significant exterior change from the original includes the re-designed Commander's Weapon Station (CWS). Here's some of what's on the inside, per military.com: Most notable of these improvements is the addition of the Inter-Vehicle Information System (IVIS.) The IVIS system allows for the automatic and continual exchange of information between vehicles. By incorporating information provided by an on board Position/Navigation (POSNAV) system, unit commander's can track the location and progress of subordinate elements automatically, without tasking vehicle crews. In addition enemy positions can be identified, plotted and disseminated, while reports and artillery requests can be automatically formatted, transmitted, and processed. Lastly, map graphic control measures and operational orders can be rapidly distributed via the IVIS system. The M1A2 is arguably one of the the most sophisticated tanks the world, and it's much more advanced than Iran's Karrar, that's for sure. HERCULES is an armoured recovery vehicle (ARV) designed to evacuate, recover, repair tanks on the battlefield. They are equipped with a .50 calibre machine gun, with 1,300 rounds. The ARV can also take small arms fire, anti-personnel mines and artillery fragments. It has a 35-ton boom, and a 63,503kg constant-pull main winch, making it more than capable of pulling an M1A2S. And because nothing in life is complete without optional extras, it also comes with: One hundred fifty-three (153) M2 .50 Calibre Machine Guns; two hundred sixty-six (266) 7.62mm M240 Machine Guns; one hundred thirty-three (153) M250 Smoke Grenade Launchers; twenty (20) M88A l/A2 Heavy Equipment Recovery Combat Utility Lift Evacuation System (HERCULES) Armoured Recovery Vehicle (ARV) Structures for conversion to twenty (20) M88Al/A2 HERCULES ARVs; one hundred sixty-nine (169) AN/VAS-5 Driver Vision Enhancer-Abrams (DVE-A); one hundred thirty-three (133) AN/PVS-7B Night Vision Devices; four thousand two hundred fifty-six (4,256) Rounds M865 Training Ammunition; and two thousand three hundred ninety-four (2,394) Rounds M831Al Training Ammunition﻿ We know, all of this stuff has been on your birthday wishlist, too. Maybe next year. Helicopters A CH-47 Chinook. Photo credit: U.S. Department of Defence Riyadh will get around 48 CH-47F Chinook cargo helicopters, along with 112 Lycoming T55-GA-714A engines that the Chinooks use, 58 AN/AAR-57 Common Missile Warning Systems, and 48 M240H 7.62mm machine guns with spare parts and other hardware, totaling $US3.51 billion. In addition to the CH-47F Chinook being able to carry 33 troops plus three crew, with a maximum gross weight of 22,680kg and maximum cruise speed of 160 knots, here is more on the the chopper: The CH-47F Chinook is the Army's only heavy-lift cargo helicopter supporting combat and other critical operations. The CH-47F has a suite of improved features such as an upgraded digital cockpit featuring the Common Avionics Architecture System, a new monolithic airframe with vibration reduction, and the Digital Automatic Flight Control System, which provides coupled controllability for operations in adverse environments (reduced visibility, brown out, high winds). The CH-47F's common cockpit enables multiservice digital compatibility and interoperability for improved situational awareness, mission performance and survivability, as well as future growth potential. The CH-47F can lift intra-theatre payloads up to 16,000 pounds in high/hot environments. And even though it's one of the largest helicopters Saudi use, the Chinook is also one of the fastest. That's what you get when you have two main rotors. THAAD Perhaps the most controversial missile defence system in the world, Terminal High Altitude Area Defence, or THAAD, will be sold to Saudi Arabia, per The National Interest. Foxtrot Alpha has written extensively on THAAD, particularly its deployment to South Korea to protect the nation from a potential strike from North Korea. South Korea's New Missile Defence System Won't Keep It Safe The U.S. recently deployed the Terminal High-Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) system to South Korea to … Read more It is able to intercept short, medium, and intermediate range ballistic missiles in their terminal phase, and as such makes it highly attractive to a country like Saudi Arabia, which is situated in a part of the world where missiles seem to start flying on the regular. Though there are plenty of critiques about the system, it is highly advanced and would be a powerful addition to Saudi Arabia's ballistic missile defence. Ships The USS Freedom, an American Littoral Combat Ship. Photo credit: U.S. Navy The Saudis may be getting some "Multi-Mission Surface Combatants," or MMSC ships, which are based on the Freedom-class Littorial Combat Ship primarily built by Lockheed Martin. It has a nautical range of 8,047km and can go as far as 30 knots per hour. Here is more on the ship: The MMSC utilises the COMBATSS-21 Combat Management System, built from the Aegis Combat System Software library. The MMSC integrated combat system solution leverages the domestic LCS integration of the 57mm Mk110 deck gun and SeaRAM, and expands multi-mission capability through integration of Over-The-Horizon surface-to-surface missiles, port and starboard 20 mm remote guns, a new fire control radar and a forward centerline 8 cell MK 41 Vertical Launch System equipped with RIM-162 Evolved Sea Sparrow Missiles. The MMSC is also equipped with the AN/SLQ-25 Torpedo Defence system. Additionally, the deal also includes job training for Saudi citizens and infrastructure improvements. General Electric "signed memorandums of understanding for the sale of $US7 billion of GE technology and for the training of Saudi citizens in cloud-based data skills and expertise in the health-care industry," per The Washington Post. There are some more details to consider here. For one, many of these requests from the Saudis took place over several years before Trump won office in November, so it is not as if he brokered all of these deals between the various companies at once over several days or even during his total time in office. But it's not like this will truly change the balance of power in the Middle East. Sure, it seems like a massive arms deal, but truth be told Saudi Arabia — and for what it's worth, much of the entire region — has been backed by Western weapons for decades. All of this just makes sure that the wheel doesn't stop turning, and Saudi Arabia knows where its next gun is coming from. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments boogoose @boogoose May 23, 2017, 2:55pm Yemen might be in a bit of trouble...... Reply 0 chompers @evan May 23, 2017, 3:35pm Which is kind of ironic, given that Yemen is a US ally. Reply 1 moc @moc May 23, 2017, 4:10pm "...30 knots per hour." Crikey, what a mess. A knot is one nautical mile per hour, so you have written that the ship can run at 30 knots per hour per hour, which would be acceleration and incredibly, impossibly, fast acceleration. Better get yourself a dictionary and study it. Reply 2 g-man @g-man May 23, 2017, 4:45pm He will need money from the, ATM machine for that. Reply 1 tonyintsv @tonyintsv May 24, 2017, 12:46pm You're right, they've turned it into acceleration. However it's far from fast. 30 knots/hour = 15.4333 meters/second/hour = 0.25572 m/s/m = 0.0042870277777778 m/s/s. But impossibly fast acceleration? Maybe for a snail. Reply 0 wjb63 @wjb63 May 24, 2017, 10:25am And the best part, you sell them all this and one day they will bring it all back to your home ground - one missile at a time... what a Return on Investment that will be! Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Crunching The Numbers On The Tesla Solar Roof Lindsay Handmer 23 May 2017 7:45 AM Last week, Tesla announced Australian pre-orders for its solar roof, with installations starting in 2018. The idea is fantastic -- replace your house roof with solar tiles that look good, generate power and are even more durable than existing options. But in the real world, is it worth the price? We crunch the numbers to find out. The Three Best USB Power Banks You Can Buy Campbell Simpson 22 May 2017 12:45 PM You use your phone a lot. It runs out of battery. You cry. Solve that. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Fang Around Safely With This Hands-Free Phone Mount Deals: Stop People From Seeing All The Dodgy Stuff You Search Online Deals: This Is How You Can Build Smart Home Apps Deals: Get 1TB Of Cloud Storage For Life Trending Articles 1 Crunching The Numbers On The Tesla Solar Roof 2 The Three Best USB Power Banks You Can Buy 3 Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Watch A Mortified Demolition Crew Accidentally Tear Down The Wrong Building Autonomous Cars Must Let Us Wander And Explore Without A Destination In Mind Amazon Is Adapting Teenage Assassin Movie Hanna Into A Series Synthetic Meat Spat Shows That Ethical Meat Doesn't Mean Peaceful Meat El Shaddai Creator Announces New RPG For PS4 And PS Vita Battlefield 1 DLC Adds Female Soldiers The Wii U Gets A Video Game Today Pokemon GO 'Cheaters' Say Niantic Is Punishing Them By Hiding Rare Monster Spawns Hump Day Deals: Cheap Smart TVs, Dick Smith Clearance Sale, 20% Off Whisky Data 61 Opens The Gait On Authentication Organise Your Bathroom Counter With Stackable Plates 7 'Trendy' Diets Put To The Test [Infographic] Marks & Spencer profits nosedive 63% as it spends hundreds of millions on turnaround plan 10 things in tech you need to know today UFC president Dana White says Floyd Mayweather fight could be Conor McGregor's last A startup which lets you book medical appointments online has raised £13 million © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
News Real estate Hotels Insight Classifieds Jobs Newsletter Signup Register / Login × Japan Today National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Home National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Lifestyle Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Opinions Events Recent Comments Popular JapanToday Higashi-Azabu IS bldg, 4F 1-8-1 Higashi-Azabu Minato-ku Tokyo 106-0044 Japan Tel: +81 3 5561 7755 Fax: +81 3 5561 7756 Email: editor@japantoday.com ©2017 GPlusMedia Inc. State-run Chinese manufacturer Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China and Russia's United Aircraft Corporation said they formally launched an ambitious project to jointly develop a long-haul jet to challenge Boeing and Airbus Photo: POOL/AFP business China, Russia launch long-haul challenge to Boeing, Airbus May 23 05:40 am JST 2 Comments By Dan Martin SHANGHAI China and Russia on Monday launched an ambitious project to jointly develop a long-haul jet to challenge Boeing and Airbus, just two weeks after the successful test flight of the first made-in-China large passenger plane. State-run Chinese manufacturer Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) and Russia's United Aircraft Corporation (UAC) said they formally established the previously announced joint venture in Shanghai on Monday. Plans for the wide-body jet were first unveiled last June when visiting Russian President Vladimir Putin met China's Xi Jinping in Beijing, and Chinese state media have previously quoted officials saying the project could be worth between $13 billion and $20 billion. "The establishment of the joint-venture company symbolises the important progress made in the China-Russia long-range wide-body passenger aircraft project," COMAC chairman Jin Zhuanglong said in a statement. "We will cooperate sincerely with UAC, unite as one, and strive to make the .... project a model of Sino-Russian cooperation." China had already logged a key milestone in the country's ambitious journey to compete with the world's leading aircraft makers in early May with the test flight in Shanghai of COMAC's narrow-body C919 jet. The 168-seat C919, built for shorter regional routes, represents nearly a decade of effort in a government-mandated drive to reduce dependence on European consortium Airbus and US aerospace giant Boeing. Airbus and Boeing dominate China's market for passenger jets, which is growing in leaps and bounds as travel demand by Chinese consumers skyrockets. Aviation analysts, while acknowledging the C919 as a technical milestone for China, have warned that it faces a tough task challenging against Boeing and Airbus, with their deep market penetration and long history of performance. But with the China-Russia jet, which Chinese media reports say will be called the 929, Beijing will have the benefit of working with UAC, parent of passenger-jet manufacturer Sukhoi and other established Russian aviation brands. COMAC's statement said the aircraft will be able to seat 280 passengers and have a range of 12,000 kilometers. That would put it in direct competition with Boeing’s 787 and the Airbus A350. China's state-run Global Times newspaper late last year quoted UAC president Yury Slyusar as saying the project would be worth between $13 billion and $20 billion, with each side contributing half. In Monday's joint statement, Slyusar said the project is "testimony to China and Russia's determination to engage in long-term cooperation". COMAC said last year the planned jet could take its first flight in seven years, with deliveries beginning three years after that. Previous Chinese aerospace projects have suffered lengthy delays. China is expected to become the world's largest aviation market within several years, and President Xi has stressed the importance of Chinese-made jets handling much of that growing traffic. Airbus has estimated China will need nearly 6,000 new planes worth $945 billion in the next two decades, with Boeing's forecast even more optimistic at more than $1 trillion. © 2017 AFP Great tours and adventures in Asia's four season playground Choose from hand-picked tours throughout Japan with professional guides in amazing destinations. Outdoor Japan Adventures View More AN AUTHENTIC SLICE OF JAPANESE CRAFTSMANSHIP With a history spanning four generations, ASAKUSA cutlery maker KAMATA HAKENSHA knows how to slice it. Kamata Hakensha View More Sort by Oldest Latest Popular 2 Comments Login to comment 5SpeedRacer5 May 23 10:14 am JST Sure. They can do it. It is probably a good thing to have competition, and it fits their diplomatic strategies to launch and support this. But it will take heavy investment in a mature industry. They could lose their shirts. You know, everyone paints the Chinese as these titans of commerce, but they have made a lot of dodgy investments that they might have to eat someday. I am sure Russia is just happy to be invited to the table. 1 ( +1 / -0 ) dcog9065 Today 10:22 am JST More competition is always welcome, but I think they will have an extremely hard time convincing people their planes are completely safe and have high performance 0 ( +0 / -0 ) Login to leave a comment Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook Connect Login with your JapanToday account Remember Me Forgot password? User registration Seminar: How to Invest in B&B's in Tokyo: Chinese Language Seminar 針對中國人及台湾人 介紹合法民宿的不動産投資講座 (中文主講) Sat, May 27th in Ginza, Tokyo Real Estate Japan Inc. Click Here Great tours and adventures in Asia's four season playground Choose from hand-picked tours throughout Japan with professional guides in amazing destinations. Outdoor Japan Adventures View More Business Today 06:00 am JST 1 Comment 13 foreign auto, motorcycle makers to exhibit at Tokyo Motor Show 2017 Today 06:56 am JST 0 Comments Baby bump: Chinese restaurant shares soar on pregnant panda hopes Today 04:15 am JST 0 Comments Japan to bring forward target for increased generic drug use View all Popular Armed forces to be deployed to key sites in Britain after Manchester suicide bombing 72 Comments At least 19 dead, 50 injured by blast at Ariana Grande concert in Manchester 66 Comments Gov't considers splitting school holidays to ease travel congestion 50 Comments Trump seals $110 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia 72 Comments Trump facing a crisis he can't manage with tweet or taunt 109 Comments View all Articles, Offers & Useful Resources A mix of what's trending on our other sites Business Services Iwate Homestay (Day Two of Three) Insight Japan Today What's Happening This Weekend: Tokyo Area Events For May 20-21 Savvy Tokyo Education 10 Japanese High Schools That Accept Foreign Students Savvy Tokyo 2017 Top Jobs in Japan Week 21 GaijinPot Blog Art & Culture Heian Classics: The Tale of Genji Revisited Savvy Tokyo What's Happening This Weekend: Tokyo Area Events For May 27-28 Savvy Tokyo Travel / Hotels School lunch in the Japanese elementary school Insight Japan Today Events This Week in Japan, May 22-28 GaijinPot Blog Careers 6 Things I Wish Someone Had Told Me About Job Hunting In Japan Savvy Tokyo Beating the Bullies: Tackling ijime in Japan GaijinPot Blog National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Lifestyle Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Opinions Events ©2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Privacy Terms of Service Moderation Policy 広告掲載/Advertise with us 総合案内/About us 編集部/Contact us
HomeArchivesVideoCartoonsAboutSearchLoginRules/FAQContactDonationsMerchandise Home Archives Video Cartoons About Search Login More Rules/FAQ Contact Donations Merchandise Archives Home → Articles Share |  Twitter |  Facebook | Comments | Print |  Email May 22, 2017 Boeing’s Contract with Iran Harms National Security By Rovvy Lepor In recent months Boeing has signed contracts with Iranian airlines for the sale of over 100 state-of-the-art aircraft. Iran has a history of supplying terrorists with advanced weaponry on commercial airplanes and the U.S. government must not allow Boeing to sell aircraft to Iran. Iran regularly uses commercial aircraft to transfer advanced weapons to the Syrian regime in support of the brutal Syrian civil war that has left approximately half a million dead. Iran also arms Hizb’allah with weapons and missiles via commercial aircraft. Despite this, Boeing chooses to callously and treacherously turn a blind eye to the usage of Boeing aircraft in the service of terrorists who threaten U.S. national security and that of key allies such as Israel. Hizb’allah is a terrorist proxy army of Iran responsible for the 1983 Beirut barracks bombings that claimed the lives of 305 people, including 241 U.S. peacekeepers. Hizb’allah was also responsible for starting the 2006 Lebanon War against Israel. Boeing may argue that pursuant to the Iran nuclear deal (aka the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action or JCPOA) it’s perfectly legal to sign aircraft contracts with Iranian airlines not currently sanctioned. They may note that the Boeing deals with Iranian airlines would support close to 118,000 U.S. jobs and offer an important boost to the economy. The Boeing deals made to date would provide up to 140 American-made aircraft. They include a December 2016 contract with Iran Air valued at $16.6 billion for the purchase of eighty new aircraft, including fifty 737 MAX 8s and thirty 777s and an April 2017 Boeing contract with Aseman Airlines valued at $3 billion for the sale of thirty 737 MAX airplanes (with an option for an additional thirty, allowing for a $6 billion cost for sixty aircraft). Iran has said that it negotiated with Boeing to pay only about $8 billion for the Iran Air contract. In addition, Aseman Airlines would also likely only pay approximately half of the announced contract amount. In 2011, the U.S.Treasury Depeartment sanctioned Iran Air for its employment by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) and Ministry of Defense and Armed Forces Logistics (MODAFL) for its transport of “military related equipment.” On January 16, 2016, pursuant to the Iran nuclear deal, Iran Air was officially delisted from the Treasury Department’s list of sanctioned entities. While it may seem to the casual observer that Iran Air has ceased support for terrorism and the Syrian regime since being delisted from sanctions, that could not be farther from the truth. In congressional testimony, Dr. Emanuele Ottolenghi of the Foundation for Defense of Democracies testified that from Implementation Day of the Iran nuclear deal on January 16, 2016 through March 30, 2017, 690 commercial flights participated in airlifts from Iran to Syria. Half of those flights (345) were flown by Iran Air (114) and Mahan Air (231). These airlines undoubtedly ferry weapons and fighters to support the Syrian dictatorship and terrorist organizations such as Hezbollah. While Mahan Air is still under U.S. sanctions, the state-owned Iran Air is fully capable of transferring aircraft to Mahan Air. There are currently only thirty-four aircraft in the Iran Air fleet, two of which were delivered this year by Airbus. Overall, Iran plans to add approximately 500 airplanes to its commercial fleet of about 251 aircraft, effectively tripling its commercial air fleet. While this would improve the safety of Iranian air travel, it would come at the steep cost of substantially advancing the capability of Iran to quickly arm Hizb’allah with advanced weapons that would threaten Israel and the region. Dr. Ottolenghi notes that Iran Air, with its dramatically expanded air fleet, would likely act as a front for other Iranian airlines that support the Syrian regime and Hizb’allah. On July 12, 2016, Israeli ambassador to the UN Danny Danon revealed that Hizb’allah has 120,000 missiles aimed at Israel -– a whopping seventeen times the number of missiles it possessed just a decade earlier during the 2006 Lebanon War, estimated at 7,000! Then, in November Danon informed UN Security Council members that “The Iranian Al-Quds Force packs weapons, ammunition and missile technology to Hezbollah in suitcases and puts them on Mahan Air flights,” adding that “these planes fly directly to the airport in Lebanon or Damascus and from there the weapons are transferred on the ground to Hezbollah.” Boeing’s focus on achieving lucrative deals with Iranian airlines that could net them upwards of $10 billion to $20 billion dollars (depending on final amount agreed by the parties) potentially comes at the expense of the lives and the well-being of an untold number of innocent civilians suffering the ravages of the Syrian civil war. In addition, the very real threat to life and limb of millions of Israelis posed by a strengthened Hizb’allah terrorist organization are all too clear. In an April 10, 2017 letter to President Trump, Senator Marco Rubio and Congressman Peter Roskam urged a stop to the Boeing deal, stating: …Iran Air, Mahan Air, and other privately and publicly-owned Iranian commercial airlines use commercial aircraft to transport weapons, troops, and other tools of war to rogue regimes like the Syrian dictatorship of Bashar al-Assad, terrorist groups like Hezbollah, Hamas, and Islamic Jihad, and militant groups like the Houthi rebels in Yemen… Compelling evidence indicates that commercial Iranian airliners remain pivotal in delivering military support to terrorist groups and dictatorships around the Middle East. By supporting these terrorist groups and rogue regimes, Iran’s commercial airlines have American blood on their hands… The U.S. Treasury Department outlined Iran Air’s support of terrorism and terrorist-related activities in its 2011 press release announcing sanctions, as follows: Iran Air has provided support and services to MODAFL and the IRGC through the transport and/or transfer of goods for, or on behalf of, these entities. On numerous occasions since 2000, Iran Air shipped military-related electronic parts and mechanical equipment on behalf of MODAFL… Iran Air has shipped military-related equipment on behalf of the IRGC since 2006, and in September and November 2008, Iran Air shipped aircraft-related raw materials to a MODAFL-associated company, including titanium sheets, which have dual-use military applications and can be used in support of advanced weapons programs. Rockets or missiles have been transported via Iran Air passenger aircraft, and IRGC officers occasionally take control over Iran Air flights carrying special IRGC-related cargo. The IRGC is also known to disguise and manifest such shipments as medicine and generic spare parts, and IRGC officers have discouraged Iran Air pilots from inspecting potentially dangerous IRGC-related cargo being carried aboard a commercial Iran Air aircraft, including to Syria. Additionally, commercial Iran Air flights have also been used to transport missile or rocket components to Syria. At best, the tunnel vision, or at worst, the careless indifference to the potential loss of life of so many by these Boeing-Iran deals indicate that Boeing is acting in bad faith with the American people and with U.S. National Security. Such contracts threaten the safety and security of not only American allies such as Israel, but of the United States itself. Therefore, the U.S. Congress and President Trump must put an immediate stop to the Boeing aircraft sales to Iran. In recent months Boeing has signed contracts with Iranian airlines for the sale of over 100 state-of-the-art aircraft. Iran has a history of supplying terrorists with advanced weaponry on commercial airplanes and the U.S. government must not allow Boeing to sell aircraft to Iran. Iran regularly uses commercial aircraft to transfer advanced weapons to the Syrian regime in support of the brutal Syrian civil war that has left approximately half a million dead. Iran also arms Hizb’allah with weapons and missiles via commercial aircraft. Despite this, Boeing chooses to callously and treacherously turn a blind eye to the usage of Boeing aircraft in the service of terrorists who threaten U.S. national security and that of key allies such as Israel. Hizb’allah is a terrorist proxy army of Iran responsible for the 1983 Beirut barracks bombings that claimed the lives of 305 people, including 241 U.S. peacekeepers. Hizb’allah was also responsible for starting the 2006 Lebanon War against Israel. Boeing may argue that pursuant to the Iran nuclear deal (aka the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action or JCPOA) it’s perfectly legal to sign aircraft contracts with Iranian airlines not currently sanctioned. They may note that the Boeing deals with Iranian airlines would support close to 118,000 U.S. jobs and offer an important boost to the economy. The Boeing deals made to date would provide up to 140 American-made aircraft. They include a December 2016 contract with Iran Air valued at $16.6 billion for the purchase of eighty new aircraft, including fifty 737 MAX 8s and thirty 777s and an April 2017 Boeing contract with Aseman Airlines valued at $3 billion for the sale of thirty 737 MAX airplanes (with an option for an additional thirty, allowing for a $6 billion cost for sixty aircraft). Iran has said that it negotiated with Boeing to pay only about $8 billion for the Iran Air contract. In addition, Aseman Airlines would also likely only pay approximately half of the announced contract amount. In 2011, the U.S.Treasury Depeartment sanctioned Iran Air for its employment by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) and Ministry of Defense and Armed Forces Logistics (MODAFL) for its transport of “military related equipment.” On January 16, 2016, pursuant to the Iran nuclear deal, Iran Air was officially delisted from the Treasury Department’s list of sanctioned entities. While it may seem to the casual observer that Iran Air has ceased support for terrorism and the Syrian regime since being delisted from sanctions, that could not be farther from the truth. In congressional testimony, Dr. Emanuele Ottolenghi of the Foundation for Defense of Democracies testified that from Implementation Day of the Iran nuclear deal on January 16, 2016 through March 30, 2017, 690 commercial flights participated in airlifts from Iran to Syria. Half of those flights (345) were flown by Iran Air (114) and Mahan Air (231). These airlines undoubtedly ferry weapons and fighters to support the Syrian dictatorship and terrorist organizations such as Hezbollah. While Mahan Air is still under U.S. sanctions, the state-owned Iran Air is fully capable of transferring aircraft to Mahan Air. There are currently only thirty-four aircraft in the Iran Air fleet, two of which were delivered this year by Airbus. Overall, Iran plans to add approximately 500 airplanes to its commercial fleet of about 251 aircraft, effectively tripling its commercial air fleet. While this would improve the safety of Iranian air travel, it would come at the steep cost of substantially advancing the capability of Iran to quickly arm Hizb’allah with advanced weapons that would threaten Israel and the region. Dr. Ottolenghi notes that Iran Air, with its dramatically expanded air fleet, would likely act as a front for other Iranian airlines that support the Syrian regime and Hizb’allah. On July 12, 2016, Israeli ambassador to the UN Danny Danon revealed that Hizb’allah has 120,000 missiles aimed at Israel -– a whopping seventeen times the number of missiles it possessed just a decade earlier during the 2006 Lebanon War, estimated at 7,000! Then, in November Danon informed UN Security Council members that “The Iranian Al-Quds Force packs weapons, ammunition and missile technology to Hezbollah in suitcases and puts them on Mahan Air flights,” adding that “these planes fly directly to the airport in Lebanon or Damascus and from there the weapons are transferred on the ground to Hezbollah.” Boeing’s focus on achieving lucrative deals with Iranian airlines that could net them upwards of $10 billion to $20 billion dollars (depending on final amount agreed by the parties) potentially comes at the expense of the lives and the well-being of an untold number of innocent civilians suffering the ravages of the Syrian civil war. In addition, the very real threat to life and limb of millions of Israelis posed by a strengthened Hizb’allah terrorist organization are all too clear. In an April 10, 2017 letter to President Trump, Senator Marco Rubio and Congressman Peter Roskam urged a stop to the Boeing deal, stating: …Iran Air, Mahan Air, and other privately and publicly-owned Iranian commercial airlines use commercial aircraft to transport weapons, troops, and other tools of war to rogue regimes like the Syrian dictatorship of Bashar al-Assad, terrorist groups like Hezbollah, Hamas, and Islamic Jihad, and militant groups like the Houthi rebels in Yemen… Compelling evidence indicates that commercial Iranian airliners remain pivotal in delivering military support to terrorist groups and dictatorships around the Middle East. By supporting these terrorist groups and rogue regimes, Iran’s commercial airlines have American blood on their hands… The U.S. Treasury Department outlined Iran Air’s support of terrorism and terrorist-related activities in its 2011 press release announcing sanctions, as follows: Iran Air has provided support and services to MODAFL and the IRGC through the transport and/or transfer of goods for, or on behalf of, these entities. On numerous occasions since 2000, Iran Air shipped military-related electronic parts and mechanical equipment on behalf of MODAFL… Iran Air has shipped military-related equipment on behalf of the IRGC since 2006, and in September and November 2008, Iran Air shipped aircraft-related raw materials to a MODAFL-associated company, including titanium sheets, which have dual-use military applications and can be used in support of advanced weapons programs. Rockets or missiles have been transported via Iran Air passenger aircraft, and IRGC officers occasionally take control over Iran Air flights carrying special IRGC-related cargo. The IRGC is also known to disguise and manifest such shipments as medicine and generic spare parts, and IRGC officers have discouraged Iran Air pilots from inspecting potentially dangerous IRGC-related cargo being carried aboard a commercial Iran Air aircraft, including to Syria. Additionally, commercial Iran Air flights have also been used to transport missile or rocket components to Syria. At best, the tunnel vision, or at worst, the careless indifference to the potential loss of life of so many by these Boeing-Iran deals indicate that Boeing is acting in bad faith with the American people and with U.S. National Security. Such contracts threaten the safety and security of not only American allies such as Israel, but of the United States itself. Therefore, the U.S. Congress and President Trump must put an immediate stop to the Boeing aircraft sales to Iran. Share |  Twitter |  Facebook | Comments | Print |  Email FOLLOW US ON RECENT VIDEOS More Videos » About Us | Contact | Privacy Policy | RSS Syndication © American Thinker 2017
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search Blogs: The Buzz This Is Why the United States Is No Longer a Military "Hyperpower" Dave Majumdar May 23, 2017 TweetShareShare The Buzz The United States is no longer the “hyperpower” it once was in the immediate aftermath of the Cold War and the collapse of the Soviet Union. Where once Washington held a position of complete dominance, the United States is now faced with competing powers—some of which can field peer-level capabilities. “The military environment has shifted away from the existence of the United States as the single ‘hyperpower’ to a situation in which foreign militaries are emerging with near-peer and, in some areas, peer capabilities,” U.S. Marine Corps. Lt. Gen. Vincent R. Stewart, director of the Defense Intelligence Agency told the Senate Armed Services Committee in his written testimony on May 23. “Adversaries have studied the American way of conflict and have developed, and will continue to develop, capabilities to mitigate or directly challenge longstanding U.S. military dominance in all warfighting domains—terrestrial, maritime, air, space, and cyber—and to raise the level of complexity and risk to the United States for intervention in conflict. Competitor states will employ all diplomatic, economic, political, and covert mechanisms of influence and coercion available to them in advancing regional agendas, with the implied or actual use of military force acting as the amplifier that allows these whole-of-state efforts to resonate.” The two powers that are most directly able to challenge the United States remain Russia and China. Russia is expected to continue its military modernization in 2017. “Russia continues to invest heavily in force-wide modernization efforts, emphasizing joint force interoperability, technologically advanced command and control systems, and defense-industrial capacity,” Stewart wrote. But Moscow faces challenges in continuing its modernization efforts due to its moribund economy and rampant corruption. “Russia’s ambitious rearmament program will remain challenged by corruption, industrial inefficiency, Western sanctions, and the generally poor state of the Russian economy,” Stewart wrote. “Nonetheless, Moscow will press its military modernization efforts forward, giving priority to certain major programs. State deliveries to the Ground Forces in 2015 and 2016 have included modernized T-72B3 tanks, BMP-3 infantry fighting vehicles, and BTR-82A armored personnel carriers. Naval modernization efforts are largely focused on the submarine fleet and equipping surface and subsurface vessels with Kalibr land-attack cruise missile systems. Plans to modernize Russia’s aging aircraft include procurement of new Su-34 and Su-35S multirole fighters and unmanned aerial vehicles, as well as upgrades to airframes, technological components, and munitions for the fighter and strategic bomber forces.” Despite its problems, the Kremlin has proven to be more or less successful in reforming its military away from the Soviet-era mass mobilization force that was designed to fight World War III against to NATO into a tool that can be used to project power into Russia’s periphery. “Overall, Russia’s reforms are progressing and effectively building a more agile force that is capable of conducting expeditionary operations and providing support to combat operations outside Russia,” Stewart wrote. The People’s Republic of China, meanwhile, is busy transforming itself into a juggernaut that might one day to be able to go toe-to-toe with the United States. “China continues to move forward with reforms aimed at strengthening the Chinese Communist Party’s control over the military and enhancing the ability of the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) to fight in regional conflicts and operate at greater distances from the Chinese mainland. China’s leaders are seeking ways to leverage China’s growing military, diplomatic, and economic position to advance the country’s international influence,” Stewart wrote. “In 2016, President Xi Jinping stated that it was China’s ‘strategic task’ to build a powerful army commensurate with China’s international status and ‘an army that can fight and fight to win.’” To achieve its goals, China is undertaking massive reforms of its forces. “The PLA is implementing massive structural reforms designed to improve leadership, administration, and command of joint operations across the force by 2020,” Stewart wrote. “Changes include rebalancing the forces to raise the relative importance of the Navy and Air Force and establishing a theater joint command system for the five theaters of operation. Recent military reforms in China created the Strategic Support Force, designed to consolidate the PLA’s cyber, space, and electronic warfare capabilities.” Additionally, as part of its modernization drive, China is developing a vast range of long-range precision-guided conventional munitions. “China’s military modernization plan includes the development of capabilities to attack at long ranges adversaries that might deploy or operate within the western Pacific Ocean in the air, maritime, undersea, space, electromagnetic, and information domains,” Stewart wrote. “China has fielded and is developing numerous cruise missiles for land and maritime targets, to be launched from its most advanced air, ship, and submarine platforms. China is working to upgrade its surface and subsurface naval fleet with advanced longer-range anti-ship cruise missiles, some of which will reach supersonic speeds and could be fielded on China’s most capable surface combatants. The PLA is also upgrading its aircraft with anti-ship and air-launched cruise missiles for land-attack and surface ship targets, and with two, new air-launched ballistic missiles, one of which may include a nuclear payload.” Pages 1 2 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Dave Majumdar Why Do Russia, China, Iran and Cuba All Have in Common? Intelligence Services Gunning for America Dave Majumdar May 23, 2017 TweetShareShare The Buzz The United States is no longer the “hyperpower” it once was in the immediate aftermath of the Cold War and the collapse of the Soviet Union. Where once Washington held a position of complete dominance, the United States is now faced with competing powers—some of which can field peer-level capabilities. “The military environment has shifted away from the existence of the United States as the single ‘hyperpower’ to a situation in which foreign militaries are emerging with near-peer and, in some areas, peer capabilities,” U.S. Marine Corps. Lt. Gen. Vincent R. Stewart, director of the Defense Intelligence Agency told the Senate Armed Services Committee in his written testimony on May 23. “Adversaries have studied the American way of conflict and have developed, and will continue to develop, capabilities to mitigate or directly challenge longstanding U.S. military dominance in all warfighting domains—terrestrial, maritime, air, space, and cyber—and to raise the level of complexity and risk to the United States for intervention in conflict. Competitor states will employ all diplomatic, economic, political, and covert mechanisms of influence and coercion available to them in advancing regional agendas, with the implied or actual use of military force acting as the amplifier that allows these whole-of-state efforts to resonate.” The two powers that are most directly able to challenge the United States remain Russia and China. Russia is expected to continue its military modernization in 2017. “Russia continues to invest heavily in force-wide modernization efforts, emphasizing joint force interoperability, technologically advanced command and control systems, and defense-industrial capacity,” Stewart wrote. But Moscow faces challenges in continuing its modernization efforts due to its moribund economy and rampant corruption. “Russia’s ambitious rearmament program will remain challenged by corruption, industrial inefficiency, Western sanctions, and the generally poor state of the Russian economy,” Stewart wrote. “Nonetheless, Moscow will press its military modernization efforts forward, giving priority to certain major programs. State deliveries to the Ground Forces in 2015 and 2016 have included modernized T-72B3 tanks, BMP-3 infantry fighting vehicles, and BTR-82A armored personnel carriers. Naval modernization efforts are largely focused on the submarine fleet and equipping surface and subsurface vessels with Kalibr land-attack cruise missile systems. Plans to modernize Russia’s aging aircraft include procurement of new Su-34 and Su-35S multirole fighters and unmanned aerial vehicles, as well as upgrades to airframes, technological components, and munitions for the fighter and strategic bomber forces.” Despite its problems, the Kremlin has proven to be more or less successful in reforming its military away from the Soviet-era mass mobilization force that was designed to fight World War III against to NATO into a tool that can be used to project power into Russia’s periphery. “Overall, Russia’s reforms are progressing and effectively building a more agile force that is capable of conducting expeditionary operations and providing support to combat operations outside Russia,” Stewart wrote. The People’s Republic of China, meanwhile, is busy transforming itself into a juggernaut that might one day to be able to go toe-to-toe with the United States. “China continues to move forward with reforms aimed at strengthening the Chinese Communist Party’s control over the military and enhancing the ability of the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) to fight in regional conflicts and operate at greater distances from the Chinese mainland. China’s leaders are seeking ways to leverage China’s growing military, diplomatic, and economic position to advance the country’s international influence,” Stewart wrote. “In 2016, President Xi Jinping stated that it was China’s ‘strategic task’ to build a powerful army commensurate with China’s international status and ‘an army that can fight and fight to win.’” To achieve its goals, China is undertaking massive reforms of its forces. “The PLA is implementing massive structural reforms designed to improve leadership, administration, and command of joint operations across the force by 2020,” Stewart wrote. “Changes include rebalancing the forces to raise the relative importance of the Navy and Air Force and establishing a theater joint command system for the five theaters of operation. Recent military reforms in China created the Strategic Support Force, designed to consolidate the PLA’s cyber, space, and electronic warfare capabilities.” Additionally, as part of its modernization drive, China is developing a vast range of long-range precision-guided conventional munitions. “China’s military modernization plan includes the development of capabilities to attack at long ranges adversaries that might deploy or operate within the western Pacific Ocean in the air, maritime, undersea, space, electromagnetic, and information domains,” Stewart wrote. “China has fielded and is developing numerous cruise missiles for land and maritime targets, to be launched from its most advanced air, ship, and submarine platforms. China is working to upgrade its surface and subsurface naval fleet with advanced longer-range anti-ship cruise missiles, some of which will reach supersonic speeds and could be fielded on China’s most capable surface combatants. The PLA is also upgrading its aircraft with anti-ship and air-launched cruise missiles for land-attack and surface ship targets, and with two, new air-launched ballistic missiles, one of which may include a nuclear payload.” Pages 1 2 3 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Dave Majumdar Russia Fears NATO (And These 5 Weapons Are a Big Reason Why) Dave Majumdar May 23, 2017 TweetShareShare The Buzz The United States is no longer the “hyperpower” it once was in the immediate aftermath of the Cold War and the collapse of the Soviet Union. Where once Washington held a position of complete dominance, the United States is now faced with competing powers—some of which can field peer-level capabilities. “The military environment has shifted away from the existence of the United States as the single ‘hyperpower’ to a situation in which foreign militaries are emerging with near-peer and, in some areas, peer capabilities,” U.S. Marine Corps. Lt. Gen. Vincent R. Stewart, director of the Defense Intelligence Agency told the Senate Armed Services Committee in his written testimony on May 23. “Adversaries have studied the American way of conflict and have developed, and will continue to develop, capabilities to mitigate or directly challenge longstanding U.S. military dominance in all warfighting domains—terrestrial, maritime, air, space, and cyber—and to raise the level of complexity and risk to the United States for intervention in conflict. Competitor states will employ all diplomatic, economic, political, and covert mechanisms of influence and coercion available to them in advancing regional agendas, with the implied or actual use of military force acting as the amplifier that allows these whole-of-state efforts to resonate.” The two powers that are most directly able to challenge the United States remain Russia and China. Russia is expected to continue its military modernization in 2017. “Russia continues to invest heavily in force-wide modernization efforts, emphasizing joint force interoperability, technologically advanced command and control systems, and defense-industrial capacity,” Stewart wrote. But Moscow faces challenges in continuing its modernization efforts due to its moribund economy and rampant corruption. “Russia’s ambitious rearmament program will remain challenged by corruption, industrial inefficiency, Western sanctions, and the generally poor state of the Russian economy,” Stewart wrote. “Nonetheless, Moscow will press its military modernization efforts forward, giving priority to certain major programs. State deliveries to the Ground Forces in 2015 and 2016 have included modernized T-72B3 tanks, BMP-3 infantry fighting vehicles, and BTR-82A armored personnel carriers. Naval modernization efforts are largely focused on the submarine fleet and equipping surface and subsurface vessels with Kalibr land-attack cruise missile systems. Plans to modernize Russia’s aging aircraft include procurement of new Su-34 and Su-35S multirole fighters and unmanned aerial vehicles, as well as upgrades to airframes, technological components, and munitions for the fighter and strategic bomber forces.” Despite its problems, the Kremlin has proven to be more or less successful in reforming its military away from the Soviet-era mass mobilization force that was designed to fight World War III against to NATO into a tool that can be used to project power into Russia’s periphery. “Overall, Russia’s reforms are progressing and effectively building a more agile force that is capable of conducting expeditionary operations and providing support to combat operations outside Russia,” Stewart wrote. The People’s Republic of China, meanwhile, is busy transforming itself into a juggernaut that might one day to be able to go toe-to-toe with the United States. “China continues to move forward with reforms aimed at strengthening the Chinese Communist Party’s control over the military and enhancing the ability of the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) to fight in regional conflicts and operate at greater distances from the Chinese mainland. China’s leaders are seeking ways to leverage China’s growing military, diplomatic, and economic position to advance the country’s international influence,” Stewart wrote. “In 2016, President Xi Jinping stated that it was China’s ‘strategic task’ to build a powerful army commensurate with China’s international status and ‘an army that can fight and fight to win.’” To achieve its goals, China is undertaking massive reforms of its forces. “The PLA is implementing massive structural reforms designed to improve leadership, administration, and command of joint operations across the force by 2020,” Stewart wrote. “Changes include rebalancing the forces to raise the relative importance of the Navy and Air Force and establishing a theater joint command system for the five theaters of operation. Recent military reforms in China created the Strategic Support Force, designed to consolidate the PLA’s cyber, space, and electronic warfare capabilities.” Additionally, as part of its modernization drive, China is developing a vast range of long-range precision-guided conventional munitions. “China’s military modernization plan includes the development of capabilities to attack at long ranges adversaries that might deploy or operate within the western Pacific Ocean in the air, maritime, undersea, space, electromagnetic, and information domains,” Stewart wrote. “China has fielded and is developing numerous cruise missiles for land and maritime targets, to be launched from its most advanced air, ship, and submarine platforms. China is working to upgrade its surface and subsurface naval fleet with advanced longer-range anti-ship cruise missiles, some of which will reach supersonic speeds and could be fielded on China’s most capable surface combatants. The PLA is also upgrading its aircraft with anti-ship and air-launched cruise missiles for land-attack and surface ship targets, and with two, new air-launched ballistic missiles, one of which may include a nuclear payload.” Pages 1 2 3 4 5 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: RegionsEurope More stories by: Dave Majumdar Is North Korea Using China's Satellites to Guide Its Missiles? Peter J. Brown May 23, 2017 TweetShareShare The Buzz The United States is no longer the “hyperpower” it once was in the immediate aftermath of the Cold War and the collapse of the Soviet Union. Where once Washington held a position of complete dominance, the United States is now faced with competing powers—some of which can field peer-level capabilities. “The military environment has shifted away from the existence of the United States as the single ‘hyperpower’ to a situation in which foreign militaries are emerging with near-peer and, in some areas, peer capabilities,” U.S. Marine Corps. Lt. Gen. Vincent R. Stewart, director of the Defense Intelligence Agency told the Senate Armed Services Committee in his written testimony on May 23. “Adversaries have studied the American way of conflict and have developed, and will continue to develop, capabilities to mitigate or directly challenge longstanding U.S. military dominance in all warfighting domains—terrestrial, maritime, air, space, and cyber—and to raise the level of complexity and risk to the United States for intervention in conflict. Competitor states will employ all diplomatic, economic, political, and covert mechanisms of influence and coercion available to them in advancing regional agendas, with the implied or actual use of military force acting as the amplifier that allows these whole-of-state efforts to resonate.” The two powers that are most directly able to challenge the United States remain Russia and China. Russia is expected to continue its military modernization in 2017. “Russia continues to invest heavily in force-wide modernization efforts, emphasizing joint force interoperability, technologically advanced command and control systems, and defense-industrial capacity,” Stewart wrote. But Moscow faces challenges in continuing its modernization efforts due to its moribund economy and rampant corruption. “Russia’s ambitious rearmament program will remain challenged by corruption, industrial inefficiency, Western sanctions, and the generally poor state of the Russian economy,” Stewart wrote. “Nonetheless, Moscow will press its military modernization efforts forward, giving priority to certain major programs. State deliveries to the Ground Forces in 2015 and 2016 have included modernized T-72B3 tanks, BMP-3 infantry fighting vehicles, and BTR-82A armored personnel carriers. Naval modernization efforts are largely focused on the submarine fleet and equipping surface and subsurface vessels with Kalibr land-attack cruise missile systems. Plans to modernize Russia’s aging aircraft include procurement of new Su-34 and Su-35S multirole fighters and unmanned aerial vehicles, as well as upgrades to airframes, technological components, and munitions for the fighter and strategic bomber forces.” Despite its problems, the Kremlin has proven to be more or less successful in reforming its military away from the Soviet-era mass mobilization force that was designed to fight World War III against to NATO into a tool that can be used to project power into Russia’s periphery. “Overall, Russia’s reforms are progressing and effectively building a more agile force that is capable of conducting expeditionary operations and providing support to combat operations outside Russia,” Stewart wrote. The People’s Republic of China, meanwhile, is busy transforming itself into a juggernaut that might one day to be able to go toe-to-toe with the United States. “China continues to move forward with reforms aimed at strengthening the Chinese Communist Party’s control over the military and enhancing the ability of the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) to fight in regional conflicts and operate at greater distances from the Chinese mainland. China’s leaders are seeking ways to leverage China’s growing military, diplomatic, and economic position to advance the country’s international influence,” Stewart wrote. “In 2016, President Xi Jinping stated that it was China’s ‘strategic task’ to build a powerful army commensurate with China’s international status and ‘an army that can fight and fight to win.’” To achieve its goals, China is undertaking massive reforms of its forces. “The PLA is implementing massive structural reforms designed to improve leadership, administration, and command of joint operations across the force by 2020,” Stewart wrote. “Changes include rebalancing the forces to raise the relative importance of the Navy and Air Force and establishing a theater joint command system for the five theaters of operation. Recent military reforms in China created the Strategic Support Force, designed to consolidate the PLA’s cyber, space, and electronic warfare capabilities.” Additionally, as part of its modernization drive, China is developing a vast range of long-range precision-guided conventional munitions. “China’s military modernization plan includes the development of capabilities to attack at long ranges adversaries that might deploy or operate within the western Pacific Ocean in the air, maritime, undersea, space, electromagnetic, and information domains,” Stewart wrote. “China has fielded and is developing numerous cruise missiles for land and maritime targets, to be launched from its most advanced air, ship, and submarine platforms. China is working to upgrade its surface and subsurface naval fleet with advanced longer-range anti-ship cruise missiles, some of which will reach supersonic speeds and could be fielded on China’s most capable surface combatants. The PLA is also upgrading its aircraft with anti-ship and air-launched cruise missiles for land-attack and surface ship targets, and with two, new air-launched ballistic missiles, one of which may include a nuclear payload.” Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: RegionsAsia More stories by: Peter J. Brown Is America Really Ready for a Cyber War? Emma Schroeder May 23, 2017 TweetShareShare The Buzz The United States is no longer the “hyperpower” it once was in the immediate aftermath of the Cold War and the collapse of the Soviet Union. Where once Washington held a position of complete dominance, the United States is now faced with competing powers—some of which can field peer-level capabilities. “The military environment has shifted away from the existence of the United States as the single ‘hyperpower’ to a situation in which foreign militaries are emerging with near-peer and, in some areas, peer capabilities,” U.S. Marine Corps. Lt. Gen. Vincent R. Stewart, director of the Defense Intelligence Agency told the Senate Armed Services Committee in his written testimony on May 23. “Adversaries have studied the American way of conflict and have developed, and will continue to develop, capabilities to mitigate or directly challenge longstanding U.S. military dominance in all warfighting domains—terrestrial, maritime, air, space, and cyber—and to raise the level of complexity and risk to the United States for intervention in conflict. Competitor states will employ all diplomatic, economic, political, and covert mechanisms of influence and coercion available to them in advancing regional agendas, with the implied or actual use of military force acting as the amplifier that allows these whole-of-state efforts to resonate.” The two powers that are most directly able to challenge the United States remain Russia and China. Russia is expected to continue its military modernization in 2017. “Russia continues to invest heavily in force-wide modernization efforts, emphasizing joint force interoperability, technologically advanced command and control systems, and defense-industrial capacity,” Stewart wrote. But Moscow faces challenges in continuing its modernization efforts due to its moribund economy and rampant corruption. “Russia’s ambitious rearmament program will remain challenged by corruption, industrial inefficiency, Western sanctions, and the generally poor state of the Russian economy,” Stewart wrote. “Nonetheless, Moscow will press its military modernization efforts forward, giving priority to certain major programs. State deliveries to the Ground Forces in 2015 and 2016 have included modernized T-72B3 tanks, BMP-3 infantry fighting vehicles, and BTR-82A armored personnel carriers. Naval modernization efforts are largely focused on the submarine fleet and equipping surface and subsurface vessels with Kalibr land-attack cruise missile systems. Plans to modernize Russia’s aging aircraft include procurement of new Su-34 and Su-35S multirole fighters and unmanned aerial vehicles, as well as upgrades to airframes, technological components, and munitions for the fighter and strategic bomber forces.” Despite its problems, the Kremlin has proven to be more or less successful in reforming its military away from the Soviet-era mass mobilization force that was designed to fight World War III against to NATO into a tool that can be used to project power into Russia’s periphery. “Overall, Russia’s reforms are progressing and effectively building a more agile force that is capable of conducting expeditionary operations and providing support to combat operations outside Russia,” Stewart wrote. The People’s Republic of China, meanwhile, is busy transforming itself into a juggernaut that might one day to be able to go toe-to-toe with the United States. “China continues to move forward with reforms aimed at strengthening the Chinese Communist Party’s control over the military and enhancing the ability of the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) to fight in regional conflicts and operate at greater distances from the Chinese mainland. China’s leaders are seeking ways to leverage China’s growing military, diplomatic, and economic position to advance the country’s international influence,” Stewart wrote. “In 2016, President Xi Jinping stated that it was China’s ‘strategic task’ to build a powerful army commensurate with China’s international status and ‘an army that can fight and fight to win.’” To achieve its goals, China is undertaking massive reforms of its forces. “The PLA is implementing massive structural reforms designed to improve leadership, administration, and command of joint operations across the force by 2020,” Stewart wrote. “Changes include rebalancing the forces to raise the relative importance of the Navy and Air Force and establishing a theater joint command system for the five theaters of operation. Recent military reforms in China created the Strategic Support Force, designed to consolidate the PLA’s cyber, space, and electronic warfare capabilities.” Additionally, as part of its modernization drive, China is developing a vast range of long-range precision-guided conventional munitions. “China’s military modernization plan includes the development of capabilities to attack at long ranges adversaries that might deploy or operate within the western Pacific Ocean in the air, maritime, undersea, space, electromagnetic, and information domains,” Stewart wrote. “China has fielded and is developing numerous cruise missiles for land and maritime targets, to be launched from its most advanced air, ship, and submarine platforms. China is working to upgrade its surface and subsurface naval fleet with advanced longer-range anti-ship cruise missiles, some of which will reach supersonic speeds and could be fielded on China’s most capable surface combatants. The PLA is also upgrading its aircraft with anti-ship and air-launched cruise missiles for land-attack and surface ship targets, and with two, new air-launched ballistic missiles, one of which may include a nuclear payload.” Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: RegionsAmericas More stories by: Emma Schroeder Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 next › last » Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Business Home LBoard Judge disqualifies himself in Najib vs Pua shariah bill-related suit V Anbalagan Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US In Bombardier fight, Boeing sees ghost of Airbus ascent Reuters | May 23, 2017 Some analysts say Boeing carelessly put at risk billions of dollars of defense work or pandered to growing protectionism. PARIS/SEATTLE: Two words underpin Boeing’s  decision to launch a U.S. trade complaint against Bombardier, which plunged it into a row with Canada last week: “Never again”. Allegations that the Canadian firm dumped newly designed CSeries passenger jets in the United States at a steep loss have threatened a sale of F/A-18 warplanes to Ottawa, sending Boeing scrambling to save the deal. Some analysts say Boeing carelessly put at risk billions of dollars of defense work or pandered to growing protectionism. But decades after Boeing failed to prevent European upstart Airbus gaining momentum with early victories in the United States, people familiar with the company say the strategic importance of defending its core passenger jet business outweighs the diplomatic storm. U.S. industry experts say Boeing and other jetmakers at the time did not take the European consortium seriously enough and allowed their future nemesis to poach U.S. airlines from 1978. Again after the September 2001 attacks in the United States, when Boeing slashed production, Airbus filled the vacuum, building up market share and never looking back. For years Boeing insiders have rued that decision, even while battling Airbus at the World Trade Organization (WTO) over mutual accusations of unfair subsidies. While leading in widebody jets, it has seen the narrowbody market – where the industry makes most cash – slip away as Airbus grabbed some 60 percent of new-generation sales. Such a significant imbalance in market share poses serious long-term risk to the loser in the Airbus-Boeing duopoly, because it creates a gap in costs that can’t easily be bridged. Now, Boeing sees a second rival entering its domestic market with what it sees as low prices and is determined not to underestimate the threat again, people close to the company say. “It’s a crucial entry market,” said a person familiar with Boeing’s strategy in taking on Bombardier. “This is the case Boeing might have brought against Airbus 40 years ago. Not taking action at the start led to consequences.” On the surface, Boeing’s case is about the sale of jets to Delta Air Lines at what Boeing claims were unfairly low prices. Bombardier denies Boeing’s estimates of both the price and the cost at which it is able to make its new jet, while critics say Boeing accounting rules allow it to disguise weak pricing. While the high-profile deal ignited Boeing’s complaint, executives say Boeing’s stance reflects a longer-term concern. Although Bombardier’s small narrowbody jet has so far barely scratched Boeing’s larger 737 and has suffered a spate of financial problems, the all-new design disturbs a landscape made up mainly by makeovers of existing Airbus and Boeing models. With Airbus still well ahead on narrowbody orders even after a recent lull, Boeing can ill afford to be squeezed on two fronts. Even less so with new players like China arriving. A Boeing spokesman declined to comment. Precision trade weapon  Boeing’s response marries strategic worries about its narrowbody position with a legal tactic designed to exploit a vulnerability the CSeries has, but global rival Airbus did not. The 110-130 seat CSeries relies mainly for now on the regional jet market, where North America is by far the largest single component and whose airlines therefore decide its future. That hands Boeing the opportunity to make use of a domestic lawsuit ill-suited to its global confrontation with Airbus, but which if successful could deliver a hammer blow to the CSeries. Trade sources see a second tactical motive for spurning the WTO and filing the industry’s first such domestic U.S. case. U.S. anti-dumping cases typically take a year – versus 13 years and counting in its trench warfare against Airbus. That coincides with first delivery of a CSeries to Delta in April 2018. If Boeing succeeds, the jets could be hit from day one with extra duties, blunting Bombardier’s competitiveness more quickly and more directly than normal trade sanctions. Still, Boeing faces a headache over what to do about lost fighter sales if Canada makes good on a threat to drop a deal for F/A-18 warplanes in retaliation for Boeing’s trade claim. With Boeing’s future fighter production in jeopardy as sales run dry, Boeing is anxious to keep its presence in that business long enough to compete for tomorrow’s military programs. But without stability in its narrowbody jetliner business, Boeing faces an even deeper concern, since this is the cash cow for many of the company’s other activities. Sources says Boeing’s defense bosses signed off on bringing the trade case, highlighting the importance attached to the 737. The broader stakes raised by Bombardier’s foray into the U.S. market were underscored when China was reported to revive on-off talks to invest in Bombardier. Airbus itself weighed buying the CSeries before talks collapsed in 2015. Whoever wins the trade spat between Bombardier and Boeing, one thing is clear: the small jet from Montreal has made its mark on the strategic calculations of all industry rivals, and now faces a battle for new sales. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Pentagon: Boeing wins $1.09 billion U.S. defense contract Customs: GST is good, no need to do away with it ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Apa berlaku pada Rosmah di London, soal Adun DAP US govt to take Jho Low’s 55% share from sale of NY… Here’s why an opposition grand coalition can defeat the BN Shafie: Nazri gave thumbs up when I asked about 1MDB in… IGP: Suspect picked up over Pastor Koh’s abduction Selepas 100 hari misteri Raymond Koh, polis umum suspek… Alibi given by man over charges he ‘insulted Najib,… Terengganu to seal restaurants during fasting hours Salman Abedi: Student dropout turned suicide bomber How credible are Najib’s statements, Kit Siang asks ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Here’s why an opposition grand coalition can defeat the BN Hubungan PAS-PKR dalam kenangan Whither go the nons? Nabbing the black sheep in enforcement agencies Fighting a culture of ignorance Anwar for PM? PKR should think again More... FMT Bahasa Had umur beli, jual rokok naik kepada 21 tahun 49.9% saham Proton sah milik Geely Adun BN: Kerajaan Pulau Pinang gagal atasi isu pekerja asing Aktivis terlibat pencarian orang hilang berdiam diri ketika disoal polis PKR Kelantan kumpul surat letak jawatan undur dari kerajaan PAS Kes rasuah polis Melaka: Reman koperal, pemandu van dilanjut More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 8 leading industry experts highlight best practice guidelines at DEFENCE EXPORTS 2017 (1888PressRelease) May 24, 2017 – The ever-changing regulatory environment for the defence trade landscape continues to be increasingly complex. Thus, companies within the sector continue to improve their programmes to ensure adaptation and compliance. In line with this, SMi Group’s 12th annual Defence Exports Conference will showcase 8 key presentations that will highlight best practice for complying with export controls and regulations led by key industry accounts. • ESSENTIAL ELEMENTS OF AN EXPORT CONTROL COMPLIANCE PROGRAMME Sue Tooze, Deputy Head of Export Control, Group Legal, BAE SYSTEMS Highlights include BAE’s policies and procedures including development of key personnel, compliance and audit and their programmes to ensure continuous improvement. • PRACTICAL INSIGHTS ON ADDRESSING NEW AND EVOLVING COMPLIANCE RISKS Bryon Angvall, Director of Global Trade Controls, THE BOEING COMPANY Highlights include global exports compliance programmes line with sanction developments, eliminating key compliance risks, and the positive impact of ITAR changes to Boeing’s support of US national security and foreign policy priorites. • SKILLFUL FACILITATION: HOW EFFECTIVE TRADE COMPLIANCE BRINGS SUCCESS TO THE BUSINESS LIFECYCLE Bill Wade, Vice President, International Licensing and Compliance, L3 TECHNOLOGIES Highlights include a talk on understanding when and where corporate trade requirements and regulatory controls are required for success, knowing the internal customer’s process from „interest through post” as well as stakeholder roadblocks. • COMPLIANCE WITH EXPORT CONTROL LAWS: A MULTINATIONAL’S EXPERIENCE Pierfilippo Rossetti, Head of Trade Compliance, Legal, Corporate Affairs and Compliance, LEONARDO Highlights include the Leonardo Trade Compliance Programme and how it integrates into the internal control system as well as sensitive countries for the company. • DEFENCE EXPORTS: CHASING TECHNOLOGY FROM US AND UK PERSPECTIVE Suzanne Reifman, Director of Global Trade Management and Beth Ann Johnson, Director of European Regional Trade Compliance, Global Trade Management, NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION Highlights include identification and tracking of controlled technology received to compliance with use, transfer and re-export conditions as well as understanding regulatory requirements, authorisations and limitations of derivative technology. • KEY CHALLENGES FOR COMPLIANCE AND BEST PRACTICE AT ROLLS-ROYCE Warren Bayliss, Global Head of Export Controls – Defence, ROLLS-ROYCE Highlights include the company’s strategies for constantly improving tools and processes to meet business and regulatory requirements, putting export control at the heart of the business and global movement of Goods, Software and technology. • BEST PRACTICES FOR ITAR COMPLIANCE: A EUROPEAN PERSPECTIVE Rosa Rosanelli, Head of International Trade Compliance, AIM NORWAY Highlights include an update on procedures and conformity with EAR, ITAR regulations and FMS requirements and impications of working with Air Forces FMS originated material • ASSESSING THE CHALLENGES OF COMPLYING WITH EU AND US REGULATIONS Laurence Carey, Group Trade Control Manager, MARSHALL AEROSPACE AND DEFENCE GROUP Highlights include an overview of how Marshall interacts efficieently with US and EU industry to esure compliance and an overview of the key similarities, differences and respective challenges. Defence Exports 2017 will also feature leading government representatives from nations including Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Israel, Italy, Spain, UK, USA, as well as top policy makers from NATO and European Commission. View the full roster of speakers and the complete list of presentations, including information on our four exclusive pre- and post-conference workshops on www.defence-exports.com/1888. Defence Exports 2017 will look at how regulation controls such as ITAR, EAR, ECR and Dual-Use are affecting European and Global compliance; crucial updates on the Wassenaar Arrangement, AAT; as well as exploring how to combat some of the challenges of the 21st century such as cloud, IT and electronic-data, export violation due to weak cyber security plans. For those interested to attend, registration is now live on the event website. Early Bird discounts apply. 12th DEFENCE EXPORTS CONFERENCE 27-28 September 2017 Crowne Plaza Rome, St Peter’s, Rome, Italy www.defence-exports.com/1888 Contact Information: For queries on military bookings, contact James Hitchen on jhitchen ( @ ) smi-online dot co dot uk dot For sponsorship and exhibition details, contact Sadia Malick on smalick ( @ ) smi-online dot co dot uk dot For media enquiries contact Honey de Gracia on hdegracia ( @ ) smi-online dot co dot uk dot About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world’s most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk ### CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global L- Cysteine and Its Hydrochloride Market Research Report: Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast upto 2022 Next PostNext United States Borage Oil Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Search Recent Posts Microbial Biosurfactants Market Research Report: Key Trends and Forecast Research Report 2022 Cloud SIM Mobile App Provide Multiple Virtual Numbers On One Phone Cloud SIM Mobile App Provide Multiple Virtual Numbers On One Phone United States Borage Oil Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 8 leading industry experts highlight best practice guidelines at DEFENCE EXPORTS 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Facebook Google Menu Linkedin lock Pinterest Search Twitter Advertisement Sections Menu Politics Australia ACT Federal NSW NT Qld SA TAS VIC WA The World Asia-Pacific Europe United States The Rest Business Companies Economy Markets Media Advertising Online Print Journalism TV & Radio Culture Film & TV Food & Travel Blogs Poll Bludger Plane Talking The Northern Myth The World Is Not Enough The Urbanist Culture Mulcher Fully (sic) Sign in Free trial Subscribe Tip off About Contact Subscribe Sign in Tip off Subscribe My account Sign out Email* Password* Forgot Password? Remember Me Tip Off* Do you know something that Crikey’s readers should know...? Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Alternatively, you can email us or call us on (03) 8623 9900 Australia May 24, 2017 Airbus might have found a way to reverse Howard’s uncomfortable legacy Press gallery journalists will be singing Airbus' praises if the company pulls this off. Ben Sandilands Editor of Plane Talking Share Ever since John Howard decided that the PM’s then-brand new Boeing BBJ VIP jets in 2002 had to be as uncomfortable as possible, there have been press gallery reporters, and perhaps political successors, pining for a less agonising way of covering long-distance trips. Airbus has just rekindled those dreams by releasing details of a VIP version of its high-tech remake of its wide-body A330 capable of taking a select prime ministerial party non-stop from Canberra to London, or Washington DC, or just about anywhere! It’s called the ACJ330NEO, and the media release says it can fly non-stop for 20 hours from Europe to Australia. OK, let’s not quibble too much. Twenty hours and 17,400 kilometres non-stop coming eastbound isn’t the same as doing it non-stop in the other direction, nor long enough to do it from Canberra. But it could be done! All that is required is to eject one or two superfluous or under-performing members of the prime ministerial entourage at a range- and payload-critical moment and maybe 21 or 22 of the original contingent of 25 people could make it to Buckingham Palace. Airbus, like Boeing, always seems to be very conservative in its range-payload estimates, which if you are trying to navigate the tricky airspace between Australia and Europe, even with top level approvals, is no doubt prudent on their part. VIP jets don’t necessarily have to file flight plans consistent with commercial ETOPS rules either. There is no doubt on the specs that the ACJA330 will be a potent carriage, especially fitted out with enough room for full flat sleeper seats for all in an official party, compared to the exceedingly ordinary seating arrangements in the ancient, but alas, still under contract, VIP BBJs of RAAF Squadron 34. There is nothing wrong, of course, with an opulently outfitted 737-based BBJ. Except that John Howard was concerned that they might be perceived as too luxurious for Australian political sensitivities some 15 years ago — hence the subsequent suffering. Even the PM would have found the sleeping arrangements grotesquely inferior to what Qantas, Emirates, Etihad, Singapore Airlines and so forth routinely offer to their premium customers today. In its current technology forms, the A330 is well known to the RAAF as a multi-role tanker transport, as well as a major part of the wide-body fleets of Qantas and Virgin Australia. However, by the time any Australian government has a VIP fleet free of contract obligations and in an environment where it might dare seriously canvass a more comfortable and versatile alternative to the BBJs there will almost certainly be ACJ350s on offer. We already know that from late next year there will be commercial A350s flying that might out-distance an ACJ330NEO, and that in the early 2020s, the technology for them to take around 100 passengers non-stop each way between Sydney or Melbourne should have been reliably established. *This article was originally published at Plane Talking Share this article Advertisement Topics airbus John Howard planes We recommend From around the web Powered by Taboola 0 comments Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Not already subscribed? Get your free trial, access everything immediately Advertisement Sections Politics Business Media Culture Blogs Advertise About Crikey Contact Sign in Subscribe Free trial Subscription help Tip off Crikey is an independent news website featuring commentary on politics, media, business, culture and technology. Moderation guidelines Privacy policy Privacy collection notice Code of conduct Terms of use Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Linkedin Crikey Level 6, 22 William St, Melbourne, 3000 Australia Ph: 1800 985 502 Private Media Level 6, 22 William St, Melbourne, 3000 Australia Ph: (3) 8623 9900 Fax: (03) 8623 9975 Copyright © 2017 Crikey The Mandarin SmartCompany StartupSmart https://www.crikey.com.au/2017/05/24/airbus-might-have-found-a-way-to-reverse-howards-uncomfortable-legacy/ == https://www.crikey.com.au/free-trial/==https://www.crikey.com.au/subscribe/ Show popup Telling you what the others don't. FREE for 21 days. Unlock articles instantly and get Crikey in your inbox each weekday. Sign up FREE for your 21-day Crikey trial. First name** Last name** Email** Password** Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. One more step .... We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the "activate now" button. Then access is all yours!
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business China and Russia are coming for Boeing and Airbus World Access Companies Car News Interactives Your Money, Your America Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Trump wants to sell half of emergency US oil reserve Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets Before the Bell Romans’ Numeral Investing Guide Fear & Greed Quest Means Business Tech Uber stiffed NYC drivers in costly mistake Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance What is (and isn't) in the budget for student borrowers Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz The factory where prisoners get a second chance Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Start Small, Think Big Luxury I flew the newest personal jet. It costs $2 million, parachute included Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out China and Russia are coming for Boeing and Airbus by Jon Ostrower   @jonostrower May 23, 2017: 5:44 PM ET China's first big passenger jet completes maiden flight China and Russia are teaming up to take on Airbus and Boeing. On Monday, the state-owned commercial aerospace enterprises of both countries formally established the China-Russia Commercial Aircraft International Co., Ltd or Craic. The partnership will develop a new twin-aisle airliner that's meant to compete with the most advanced jets from Boeing (BA) in the U.S. and Airbus (EADSF) in Europe -- the 787 Dreamliner and the A350 XWB, respectively. The new project has backing at the highest levels of both countries. Chinese President Xi Jinping and Russian President Vladimir Putin originally penned the agreement to join forces and take on the western jetliner industry in June 2016. A model of the new Sinao-Russian airliner on display. There aren't many details yet about what China and Russia are planning, but their new jet would carry about 280 passengers in three classes and fly roughly 6,500 nautical miles. It won't be ready for at least another 10 years. China's aerospace industry is on a slow, but steady, ascent. The C919 from the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China, or Comac, made its first flight on May 5, and is meant to compete with the single-aisle Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. Related: China first big passenger jet completes maiden flight Russia is seeking to reestablish its own civil aerospace prowess, which thrived during the Soviet Union. Russia's state-owned United Aircraft Corporation is also developing a single-aisle airliner. That jet, the Irkut MC-21, is expected to begin test flights in the coming weeks. But those rival jets haven't stopped the two countries from teaming up. United Aircraft Corporation's Irkut MC-21 undergoes its frst taxi and brake tests in May 2017. Comac's C919 at a factory in Shanghai. C hina has established a variety of partnerships to help establish its aerospace industry on a world stage, including ventures with western aerospace suppliers to develop the C919. The new Sino-Russian partnership is also expected to tap western aerospace companies as well. Related: The world's new planes in 2017 The new Chinese-Russian airliner doesn't yet have an official name, though it's been called the C9X9 or C929. The new venture will be based in Shanghai near Comac's headquarters, according to a statement by UAC. China is on track to be the largest commercial aviation market, surpassing the U.S. by 2030. Boeing estimates China will need $1 trillion worth of new aircraft over the next 20 years, including approximately 1,500 the size of the new Sino-Russian airliner. CNNMoney (Seattle) First published May 23, 2017: 5:36 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending FCC won't take action against Colbert over Trump joke Fox News removes false story on Seth Rich's murder -- six days after it was debunked Trump's budget: Big gifts for the rich, big cuts for the poor Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Pay no interest until July 2018 with this card $200 just for using this credit card Rack up unlimited miles with this astonishing credit card 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived NerdWallet Paid Partner Looking for a low-interest loan? Check out our review of Prosper. The search is over. We found the best stock brokers for online trading. How much do you need to retire? Use this calculator to find out Current mortgage rates can't be beat. Get the best rate with our tool Can you afford your dream home? Find out with our mortgage calculator. Contact Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. . All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates. © Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz Russia Fears NATO (And These 5 Weapons Are a Big Reason Why) Dave Majumdar May 23, 2017 TweetShareShare The Boeing AH-64A Apache helicopter gunship was first introduced in 1986 as a weapon to blunt an anticipated Soviet armored spearhead punching through the Fulda Gap in what is now central Germany. The Apache proved itself an able tank killer during the 1991 Gulf War, decimating Iraq’s beleaguered forces. Since then, the Apache has undergone many modernizations—adding ever improving sensors and weapons. But like its predecessors, the newest Apache models can carry sixteen Hellfire anti-attack weapons—or enough to wipe out a company of tanks in a single salvo. While the Apache has mostly been used to fight insurgents in Iraq and Afghanistan in recent years, the powerful gunship retains its formidable anti-tank punch. Senior U.S. defense and foreign policy officials are increasingly focused on a resurgent Russia and the threat it might pose in Europe. Over the past two years, Russia has behaved aggressively in Ukraine and stepped up its bomber and submarine patrols. Indeed, NATO officials like Royal Navy Vice Adm. Clive Johnstone—commander of NATO's Maritime Command—have pointed out that Russian submarine activity in the North Atlantic is at an all time high. Meanwhile, Moscow is building up its forces in its Kaliningrad enclave. But what is NATO doing in response? Here are five NATO weapons that will be used to deter Russian aggression in Europe. Virginia-class Submarines While Russia has invested in some very capable new submarines, the United States Navy and its fleet of Virginia-class nuclear attack submarines still dominate beneath the waves of the Atlantic. Indeed, the United States’ fleet of Virginia-class boats will continue to grow and improve. On Tuesday, U.S. defense secretary Ashton Carter said that the latest defense “budget invests over $8.1 billion in 2017, and more than $40 billion over the next five years,” giving the United States the “most lethal” submarine force in the world. “And it not only buys nine of our most advanced Virginia Class attack submarines over the next five years, it also equips more of them with a versatile Virginia payloads module, which triples each submarine's platform strike capacity from twelve Tomahawk missiles to forty.” F-35 Joint Strike Fighter Though the Lockheed Martin F-35 Joint Strike Fighter is years behind schedule, plagued with unending technical glitches, incurred massive cost overruns and will likely never deliver the capabilities that were originally promised, the stealthy new jet looks likely to become a formidable weapon in time. The F-35 won’t be the fastest, most maneuverable or even the best-armed aircraft on Earth—by many of those measures it’s sorely outclassed by current and even previous generation warplanes—but it has some key advantages. The Joint Strike Fighter’s strengths are its stealth and sensors, which will allow it to penetrate and strike areas beyond the reach of conventional fighters while also collecting a detailed intelligence picture. The F-35 is also equipped with potent electronic warfare systems, which should prove to be useful. With its operational requirements documents having been drawn up as the Cold War was ending, the F-35 is less than ideal for dealing with today’s ultra high-end threats emanating from Russia and China. As such, the F-35 is not a perfect or even necessarily a good aircraft, but it is the jet America has chosen to invest in for better or worse. American and allied aviators will have to make it work—and make it work in Europe. Long Range Strike Bomber Given Russia’s prowess at developing air defenses—particularly its efforts at developing low frequency radars that are capable of tracking fighter-sized stealth aircraft—the Long Range Strike Bomber (LRS-B) that is being developed over the next decade will be critical to holding targets deep inside Moscow’s heartland at risk. While the LRS-B program is extremely secretive and is currently under protest, it is known that the requirements for the new stealth bomber call for it to be able penetrate into the densest of air defenses—even those backed by low frequency radar. That means that the new bomber will almost certainly be a flying wing design and might incorporate some electronic and cyber warfare capabilities to blind the lowest frequency VHF radars that it can’t evade with shaping alone. (Note: This first appeared in 2016 and is being reposted due to reader interest.)  Leopard 2 The Leopard 2A7 is the latest in a long lineage of German tanks designs that started with the diminutive Panzerkampfwagen I—and it will continue to remain the backbone of the Bundeswehr and other NATO powers. Pages 1 2 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: RegionsEurope More stories by: Dave Majumdar America's Afghanistan Problem: It's Not Just about Sending More Troops The United States needs to redo the phase of the Afghanistan mission that it unwisely skipped in 2015 and 2016. Michael O'Hanlon Do Values or Interests Guide U.S. Policy? With China and North Korea, It's Hard to Tell. Once, trade outweighed human rights. Now, it’s outweighing security too. Joseph A. Bosco China Isn't Rising—It's Merely Outlasting Other Nations China has been a hegemon and source of civilization for at least twenty centuries; its rise is not new. David C. Kang Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:04 GMT +324 May 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Saudi Arabia Receives Radar Upgrades for Early Warning AWACS Aircraft Fleet © Wikipedia/ Jerry Gunner Middle East 03:05 24.05.2017Get short URL 0 10024 The international aerospace manufacturer Boeing has completed a series of upgrades to enhance tech capabilities of US-built E-3A Airborne Warning and Control System (AWACS) aircraft for Saudi Arabia. © Photo: YouTube/Aviation Analysis Wing Saudi Arabia Unveils First Domestically Produced Combat DroneWASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Saudi Arabia has received a full series of technological upgrades for its force of US-built E-3A Airborne Warning and Control System (AWACS) aircraft, defense contractor Boeing said in a news release on Tuesday. "Boeing has completed a series of upgrades that substantially enhance the technological capabilities of Saudi Arabia’s E-3A Airborne Warning and Control System (AWACS) aircraft," the release stated. Boeing explained that the upgrades, called the Radar System Improvement Program, comprise a new radar computer, a radar control maintenance panel and electrical and mechanical software and hardware. "The modernized software, multiple radar nodes and overall enhanced operation make this is the most significant upgrade to the AWACS radar since it was developed in the 1970s," Boeing’s Saudi AWACS Program Manager Keith Burns said in the release. Saudi Arabia has operated Boeing-Built AWACS starting in June 1986, the release noted. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 24 Related: Trump's Support of Saudi Arabia Predicted to 'Backfire' on US US Approves $250Mln Military Training Program for Saudi Arabia US, Saudi Arabia Agree on Need to Maintain Syrian Territorial Integrity Tags: Airborne early Warning and Control System (AWACS), Boeing, Saudi Arabia TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:40Lithuania to Receive Equipment for Norwegian NATO Troops - Defense Ministry 09:28Security in Berlin Remains High Amid Terror Threat in Wake of Manchester Attack 09:24Over 60% in France 'Understand' if Unions Protest Macron's Labor Law Reform 09:00Iran Revolutionary Guards Predicted to React Angrily to Trump Comments in Riyadh 08:55Kyrgyz Security Services Neutralize Fake Bomb Near National Philharmonic HallAll news No Replacement for US Navy’s Toughest Warships as They Near Decommissioning 12975 China's Plan for New World Order: What Role Does It Leave to Russia? 9029 Why is the US Bombing Assad's Troops and How is It Connected With James Comey? 8496 UK Man's Dash Cam Reportedly Captured Explosion at Manchester Arena (WATCH) 7100 When the Cat's Away, Mice Will Play: Trump Trip Sparks New Rumors in White House 6509All news Twitter on McCain: 'Butt-Hurt, Russia-Obsessed' Senator 'Has Lost His Mind' 33 No More Money for Nothing: Trump’s Budget Proposal May Frustrate Ukraine, Others 29 Why is the US Bombing Assad's Troops and How is It Connected With James Comey? 25 Trump's Advisers Will 'Drive Him to the Red Line' in Syria 24 Oh the Humanity! Kiev Devastated by US Plans to Swap Weapons Grants for Loans 21All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Apple Trees Start Blooming in Moscow Between You and Me Manchester Terrorist Attack News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 57° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly to mostly cloudy. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 69F. Winds NW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight A few clouds. Slight chance of a rain shower. Low 53F. Winds NW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: May 24, 2017 @ 1:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Political Fix Close Dr. Timothy Eberlein, director of the Alvin J. Siteman Cancer Center at the Barnes-Jewish Hospital and Washington University in St. Louis (left) greets Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo. after a Senate hearing on medical research on March 8, 2017. Photo by Chuck Raasch, Post-Dispatch. featured Trump's budget freshly ignites the guns-vs.-butter argument for the St. Louis region By Chuck Raasch St. Louis Post-Dispatch Chuck Raasch 4 hrs ago (…) Dr. Timothy Eberlein, director of the Alvin J. Siteman Cancer Center at the Barnes-Jewish Hospital and Washington University in St. Louis (left) greets Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo. after a Senate hearing on medical research on March 8, 2017. Photo by Chuck Raasch, Post-Dispatch. WASHINGTON • President Donald Trump’s first official budget proposal would greatly boost spending on planes and weapons systems built in the St. Louis region but would drastically cut back government funding in health research and the agency that is charged with cleaning up the long-problematic West Lake Landfill. Trump’s $4.1 trillion fiscal 2018 blueprint of increases in defense spending and cuts in the domestic safety net, research and environmental protection sets up a classic guns vs. butter argument. The potential impact locally in these and other programs is a microcosm of the spending and taxing fights that are likely to define the Trump years. Missouri’s congressional delegation largely applauded greater spending on defense in the region, such as Trump’s budget proposals for $1.4 billion for 14 new FA/18 Super Hornet fighter jets made by Boeing in St. Louis and $874 million for 34,529 Boeing JDAM GPS-guided bomb tail kits made in St. Charles. But there is already pushback in his own party on Trump’s proposed cuts in other areas. Take the National Institutes of Health, which Trump proposes to trim by about $6 billion, from its current $32 billion spending level. Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., chairs the Senate Appropriations subcommittee that oversees NIH funding. In so many words, Blunt on Tuesday declared Trump’s medical research funding cuts dead on arrival. Blunt has pushed the first increases in the NIH budget in over a decade, and he views increased federal spending in this area as not only a humane attack on disease, but a cost-saver to the health care system over the long run and a significant segment of the St. Louis-area economy. “I have serious concerns with some of the steep cuts that are included in the president’s budget for 2018,” Blunt said. Rep. Ann Wagner, R-Ballwin, expressed similar concerns about medical research funding cuts. But, she said, Trump’s budget “signals an important shift in priorities that is long overdue” and “addresses the unsustainable budget deficit and record debt that threatens our economic stability.” The St. Louis region is one of the nation’s medical research meccas. It provided about 25 percent of the final code of the breakthrough Human Genome Project, which has put genetic medicine “on the cusp of fundamentally changing how we think about treating cancer by using targeted therapies that avoid unnecessary expensive treatments,” Dr. Timothy Eberlein, director of the Alvin J. Siteman Cancer Center at Barnes-Jewish Hospital and Washington University School of Medicine, said earlier this year at a hearing called by Blunt. Eberlein said Trump’s NIH cuts would be “a devastating blow” not only to momentum in cancer research and treatment but for research that he said was nearing breakthroughs on other diseases such as Alzheimer’s, which is a huge cost burden on the U.S. health care system. “I happen to be an expert in cancer, but I can tell you my colleagues in neuroscience and the cognitive Alzheimer’s research … would say the same thing,” Eberlein said. “We are at an inflection point.” The liberal think tank Center for American Progress estimated that Trump’s cuts would reduce federal NIH spending in Missouri to about $398 million from about $512 million. In Illinois, it would fall to about $660 million from about $850 million, CAP estimates. Another agency that Trump wants to drastically cut, the Environmental Protection Agency, is responsible for coming up with a plan to clean up the nuclear waste at West Lake. Trump’s budget would cut the EPA by about 21 percent, to $5.7 billion annually. Some defenders of the cuts, such as Rep. John Shimkus, R-Collinsville, argued that they should not affect the EPA’s ability to move forward with a plan to clean up West Lake. Shimkus pointed out that President Barack Obama’s administration was never able to do it at current levels, anyway, because of what he said was a lack of follow-through. But critics say Trump’s cuts are a way to cripple an agency long reviled by Republicans as overreaching and intrusive and to shut off government research into climate change. Trump’s Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney has been aggressively defending the domestic cuts by saying the agencies can still do their jobs while cutting wasteful spending. “For years and years we’ve simply looked at a budget in terms of the folks who are on the back end of the programs, the recipients of the taxpayer money, and we haven’t spent nearly enough time focusing our attention on the people who pay the taxes,” Mulvaney said Tuesday. Political Fix from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Be informed. Get our free political newsletter featuring local and national updates and analysis. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Donald Trump 2018 Budget Super Hornet Defense Medical Research Wagner Blunt Mulvaney Politics Medicine Finance Roy Blunt Commerce Economics Chuck Raasch Chuck Raasch is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Chuck Raasch Close Get email notifications on Chuck Raasch daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Chuck Raasch posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Chuck Raasch Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Latest in section Amid governor's rally, House committee advances Bootheel proposal Trump's budget freshly ignites the guns-vs.-butter argument for the St. Louis region Fire chief warns of danger from crumbling Eureka bridge, as political fight stymies its replacement University of Missouri curators approve 2.1 percent tuition increase Two Bost-sponsored veterans bills pass U.S. House; Wagner sex trafficking measure also passes Quick links Campaign finance Current Affairs Government pay Missouri voters guide Press releases Most popular No degree. No skills. So how did she get a nursing job at a St. Louis hospital? Bloody 15 hours in St. Louis city, county leave 4 dead, 8 injured in separate shootings Trump's $4.1 trillion budget slashes Medicaid, food stamps Wildwood crash leaves one dead, two injured Man performed 'wrestling moves' on 2-year-old before she died, Jefferson County deputies say Data and maps Search City of St. Louis building permits Searchable database: Money in Missouri politics Does your legislator accept lobbyist gifts? See how much St. Louis CEOs are paid See the top paid officials in St. Charles County Take the dive of a lifetime and win prizes! Get your Father something cool! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Seginus Inc PMA Parts Company is Proud to Announce New Product Release: Windshield Wiper Components Seginus Inc PMA Parts Company is Proud to Announce New Product Release: Windshield Wiper Components This assembly is part of the Aircraft Windshield Wiper Motor Converter Assembly. This assembly is installed on various Boeing, Saab AB, Saab Aeronautics and Sikorsky Series aircraft. Oswego, IL, May 23, 2017 –(PR.com)– The P/Ns 02313-0501-0001, 02313-0502-0001, 02313-0503-0001 are parts of the UTC Aerospace Systems, Rosemount Aerospace Windshield Wiper Motor Converter Assembly. This assembly is part of the Aircraft Windshield Wiper Motor Converter Assembly. This assembly is installed on various Boeing, Saab AB, Saab Aeronautics and Sikorsky Series aircraft. Seginus Inc has released the following FAA PMA replacement part to aid in your cost reduction programs when maintaining your UTC Aerospace Systems, Rosemount Aerospace Windshield Wiper Motor Converter Assemblies. 023130-0501-0001EH, 023130-0502-0001EH, 023130-0503-0001EH Seginus Inc was founded in November 2009 and continues to bring customers the very best in PMA parts. Seginus Inc currently has over 100 active parts in their inventory and many more are available through special order upon request. Look for our company page on LinkedIn and email brittany at seginusinc.com to be placed on a distribution list for more information. If you have any interest in developing a new PMA part please contact info at seginusinc.com. For additional information contact the USA offices or your regional distributor. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious World Health Assembly elects Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus as new WHO Director-General Next PostNext Robert Shaddy, M.D., Named to Top Pediatrician Post at Children’s Hospital Los Angeles Search Recent Posts Bluetooth Speaker Market- Emergence of advanced technologies and global industry analysis Communications Electronics Cooling Systems Market- Emergence of advanced technologies and global industry analysis Microphone Market- Trends and Forecast by 2027 Industrial PC Market: Current trends, Opportunities, Challenges and Forecast by 2024 The “Love Connection” Online Dater has Launched! Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Company Overview Contact Info & Offices Press Releases Seginus Inc Press Release Share      Blog Receive press releases from Seginus Inc: By Email PDF Version RSS Feeds: Seginus Inc PMA Parts Company is Proud to Announce New Product Release: Windshield Wiper Components This assembly is part of the Aircraft Windshield Wiper Motor Converter Assembly. This assembly is installed on various Boeing, Saab AB, Saab Aeronautics and Sikorsky Series aircraft. Oswego, IL, May 23, 2017 --(PR.com)-- The P/Ns 02313-0501-0001, 02313-0502-0001, 02313-0503-0001 are parts of the UTC Aerospace Systems, Rosemount Aerospace Windshield Wiper Motor Converter Assembly. This assembly is part of the Aircraft Windshield Wiper Motor Converter Assembly. This assembly is installed on various Boeing, Saab AB, Saab Aeronautics and Sikorsky Series aircraft. Seginus Inc has released the following FAA PMA replacement part to aid in your cost reduction programs when maintaining your UTC Aerospace Systems, Rosemount Aerospace Windshield Wiper Motor Converter Assemblies. 023130-0501-0001EH, 023130-0502-0001EH, 023130-0503-0001EH Seginus Inc was founded in November 2009 and continues to bring customers the very best in PMA parts. Seginus Inc currently has over 100 active parts in their inventory and many more are available through special order upon request. Look for our company page on LinkedIn and email brittany at seginusinc.com to be placed on a distribution list for more information. If you have any interest in developing a new PMA part please contact info at seginusinc.com. For additional information contact the USA offices or your regional distributor. Contact Information Seginus Inc Erik Hatch 630-800-2795 Contact www.seginusinc.com Attached Files Marketing IPC Page Windshield Wiper ComponentsFilename: WindshieldWiperComps02313-050.pdf 023130-0501-0001EH 023130-0501-0001EHFilename: 02313-0501-0001EH.jpg 023130-0502-0001EH 023130-0502-0001EHFilename: 02313-0502-0001EH.jpg 023130-0503-0001EH 023130-0503-0001EHFilename: 02313-0503-0001EH.jpg     Click here to view the company profile of Seginus Inc Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Seginus Inc Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Sections Latest Popular Search Sign in My Account | Sign Out TNY Store At a Vigil, Manchester Gets the Poem It Needs by Ed Caesar Michael Flynn and the Trump Administration’s Lobbyist Secrets by Amy Davidson Listening Booth: Katy Perry’s Lackluster Dis Track, Featuring Nicki Minaj by Doreen St. Félix Remaining Countries on Trump’s Itinerary Say They’d Rather Wait a Month and Meet with Next President by Andy Borowitz Remaining Countries on Trump’s Itinerary Say They’d Rather Wait a Month and Meet with Next President by Andy Borowitz A Soft and Vulnerable Moment at Ariana Grande’s Manchester Concert, Destroyed by Terror by Amanda Petrusich The Onion Leaks a Trove of Trump Docs by Charles Bethea Michael Flynn and the Trump Administration’s Lobbyist Secrets by Amy Davidson Go Sign in My Account | Sign Out News Culture Books Business & Tech Humor Cartoons Magazine Video Audio Archive Goings On Search Close John Cassidy Trump’s Big Saudi Arms Deal Will Cause More Misery for Yemen By John Cassidy   May 23, 2017 The Trump Administration’s deal to sell U.S. weaponry to Saudi Arabia will boost support for the Saudis’ proxy war against Iranian-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen. CreditPHOTOGRAPH BY MANDEL NGAN / AFP / GETTY On Monday, the first day of trading since the announcement that Saudi Arabia had agreed to buy a hundred and ten billion dollars in U.S. weaponry, defense stocks jumped. “General Dynamics (GD.N), Raytheon (RTN.N), and Lockheed Martin (LMT.N) all hit record highs before easing to trade up between 0.4 percent and 1.6 percent,” Reuters reported. “Boeing (BA.N) was up 1.3 percent and the second-biggest boost to the Dow.” In Donald Trump’s world, that counts as another win. “Tremendous day,” the President said on Saturday, when the arms deal was first made public, “hundreds of billions of dollars of investments into the United States and jobs, jobs, jobs. So I would like to thank all of the people of Saudi Arabia.” Of course, the “people” of the desert kingdom didn’t have anything to do with making the deal. It was done by the ruling House of Saud, which has had intimate ties to the Pentagon, U.S. intelligence agencies, and American defense companies since 1943, when Franklin Delano Roosevelt declared, “The defense of Saudi Arabia is vital to the defense of the United States.” During the past seventy years, the Saudi monarchy has struck many, many arms deals with the U.S., including a $60.5 billion agreement with the Obama Administration, in 2010. So what, if anything, is different this time? First, the agreement marks another policy U-turn from Trump. During his election campaign, he described the Saudi government as “people that push gays off buildings,” and said they “kill women and treat women horribly.” Trump also suggested that Saudi Arabia was behind the terrorist attacks on 9/11. “Take at look at Saudi Arabia, open the documents,” he demanded. Instead of following up this declaration now that he is President, Trump has agreed to supply the Saudi defense forces with more U.S.-made tanks, planes, helicopters, ships, bombs, and other weapons systems. The second notable aspect of the agreement is its scale. The Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson, wasn’t exaggerating when he described it as “huge.” As Tillerson explained, it covers five broad categories: air-force modernization; air and missile defense; border security and counterterrorism; maritime and coastal security; and communications and cybersecurity. Third, and perhaps most perniciously, the deal means that the United States is stepping up its support for Saudi Arabia’s proxy war against Iranian-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen, the poorest country in the Middle East, in which more than ten thousand civilians have already been killed, an unknown number of whom were blown to pieces by American-supplied bombs. In a piece published at the Hill, Kristine Beckerle, a researcher at Human Rights Watch, said her organization had documented eighty-one attacks by the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen over the last two years, many of which were “possible war crimes. In almost two dozen of these cases . . . we were able to identify the U.S. weapons that were used.” Tillerson, who is familiar with the Saudi government from his years as the chief executive of ExxonMobil, didn’t refer to any of this in his remarks on the deal, of course. Instead, he said that the arms sale was intended to help Riyadh counter the “malign Iranian influence and Iranian-related threats which exist on Saudi Arabia’s borders on all sides.” One of these threats, in the Saudis’ telling, is the Houthi rebel movement that seized Sanaa, the capital of Yemen, in 2015, forcing the Saudi-backed government of President Abdo Rabo Mansour Hadi to take refuge in the port city of Aden. Yemen’s civil war is a complicated conflict, rooted partly in tribal rivalries and religious differences: the Hadi government and most of its supporters are Sunni muslims, while the Houthis are Shiites. A couple of things are clear enough, though. The support that Saudi Arabia and Iran have supplied to their respective proxies has only intensified the conflict. And conditions on the ground are getting worse. Because the Saudi coalition has destroyed key bridges, airfields, and ports, many Houthi-controlled areas are running desperately short of food and medical supplies. ”With almost 19 million reliant on aid, #Yemen is the world’s single largest humanitarian crisis,” the International Committee of the Red Cross said in a tweet a few days ago. “Now it’s in the grip of a cholera outbreak.” Members of the Obama Administration must bear some of the responsibility for allowing the Saudis and their allies to hit civilian targets with U.S.-supplied bombs, but they did eventually impose some restrictions. Last May, after issuing repeated verbal warnings that went mostly unheeded, the Administration suspended sales to Riyadh of cluster munitions, which release dozens of small bombs over a wide area. In December, after the Saudi coalition bombed a funeral in Sanaa, killing about a hundred and forty people, the Obama Administration announced that it would no longer allow the Saudis to buy some precision-guided heavy bombs. Trump has now reversed this policy, agreeing to supply the Saudis with the very types of weapons they used in the deadly attack on the funeral. “Lifting the suspension on precision-guided munitions is a big deal,” William Hartung, the director of the Arms and Security Project at the Center for International Policy, told Mother Jones. “It’s a huge impact if it reinforces the Saudi bombing campaign in Yemen, and also the signal that it’s okay with us. It’s saying, ‘Have at it. Do what you want.’ ” The Saudi-sponsored spread of Wahhabism, a fundamentalist brand of Islam, surely demonstrated that what the House of Saud wants isn’t necessarily good for the United States and other Western countries. In Yemen, the problem isn’t fundamentalist Saudi preachers; it is Saudi pilots dropping American-made bombs. An obvious concern is that, as a result of this deal, terrorist groups will find more recruits eager to strike the West. “As we speak, millions of Yemenis are being radicalized against the country they blame for the civilian deaths,” Senator Chris Murphy, the Democrat from Connecticut, pointed out in a piece at the Huffington Post. A bill that Murphy has co-sponsored with Senator Rand Paul, the Kentucky Republican, would restore some limits on the sorts of weaponry that can be sold to Saudi Arabia, but it seems very unlikely to become law. “By selling the Saudis these precision-guided weapons more—not fewer—civilians will be killed because it is Saudi Arabia’s strategy to starve Yemenis to death to increase their own leverage at the negotiating table,” Murphy went on in his piece. “They couldn’t do this without the weapons we are selling them.” Trump and his colleagues are too busy boasting about, and exaggerating, the economic benefits of the new arms agreement to pause and consider its broader implications. But, as President Dwight D. Eisenhower warned more than half a century ago, what’s good for the military-industrial complex isn’t necessarily good for America, or the world. John Cassidy has been a staff writer at The New Yorker since 1995. He also writes a column about politics, economics, and more for newyorker.com. More More: Donald Trump Yemen Saudi Arabia Get the latest from John Cassidy delivered straight to your inbox. Enter e-mail address Go Please enter a valid e-mail address Submitting... Thank you for subscribing. You’ll receive your first newsletter soon. View all newsletters » Most Popular Remaining Countries on Trump’s Itinerary Say They’d Rather Wait a Month and Meet with Next President By Andy Borowitz A Soft and Vulnerable Moment at Ariana Grande’s Manchester Concert, Destroyed by Terror By Amanda Petrusich The Onion Leaks a Trove of Trump Docs By Charles Bethea Michael Flynn and the Trump Administration’s Lobbyist Secrets By Amy Davidson Self-Care Tips from Yoko Ono By Krithika Varagur Our thirty most popular Do you have a tip for The New Yorker that requires anonymity and security? Send it via SecureDrop. » More From the New Yorker News Desk A Homemade Museum for Yemeni Refugees in Djibouti Nicolas Niarchos News Desk Yemen Then and Now: The Sad Chronicle of a Failed State Robin Wright Satire from the Borowitz Report Remaining Countries on Trump’s Itinerary Say They’d Rather Wait a Month and Meet with Next President Andy Borowitz Cultural Comment A Soft and Vulnerable Moment at Ariana Grande’s Manchester Concert, Destroyed by Terror Amanda Petrusich Link your subscription Link your subscription Have a login? Sign In Already have a login? Sign in Link Your Subscription Have a login? Sign in About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store SecureDrop About About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store Strongbox Condé Nast Digital © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast. Our sites Allure Architectural Digest Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides.com Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Teen Vogue Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks PREVIOUS Why stocks should continue to rally SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO UP NEXT Toll's profit soars 40 percent Boeing's battle with Bombardier and Airbus Duration: 00:42 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Two words underpin Boeing's decision to launch a U.S. trade complaint against Bombardier: "Never again". according to reuters, Allegations that the Canadian firm dumped newly designed CSeries passenger jets in the United States have threatened a sale of warplanes to Ottawa, sending Boeing scrambling to save the deal. after the rise of boeing's rival, airbus, the company is determined to never again underestimate a competitor. READ MORE SEE LESS PLAYLIST Boeing's battle with Bombardier and Airbus Wochit Business NOW PLAYING Toll's profit soars 40 percent Reuters UP NEXT Here are the highest paying jobs with the fastest growth CNBC Saudi Arabia welcomes Trump with billions of dollars in corporate deals CNBC Is Costco a better deal than Sam's Club? Kiplinger Amazon offers up free bananas at community stands The Wall Street Journal. Sears on death watch? Fox Business Millennials don't want diamonds CNBC The best vacations for $1,000 or less Money Talks News Leaked iPhone 8 photos surface Wochit Tech Ivanka Trump nets $100 million for a women's fund after Saudi Arabia visit Veuer Melting Arctic ice jeopardizes humanity's plant backup plan Newsy This is the cheapest private jet you can buy CNN Money The FCC moved to undo net neutrality. So what's next? The Washington Post US poised to greenlight $100B Saudi arms deal CNBC Is bricks and mortar shopping dead? CNN Trump's budget: Spends on defense, slashes safety nets CNN Money Mark Zuckerberg does not want to be your next politician Newsy Apple is worth more than Chicago Veuer A unicorn store grows in Brooklyn The Wall Street Journal. Why stocks should continue to rally Fox Business More from Wochit Business Forbes Confirms Beyoncé and Jay Z's Personal Wealth Wochit Business 0:30 Uber Underpaid NYC Drivers for Years? Wochit Business 0:36 New Home Sales Abandon Nine Year Peak Wochit Business 0:37 Online Insurer Fabric Launches Life Coverage For New York Parents Wochit Business 0:40 Existing home sales 23.05 Wochit Business 0:32 Leaked Docs Spotlight Complexity Of Moderating Facebook Content Wochit Business 0:39 Ford Names Hackett As CEO To Tackle Car Rivals Wochit Business 0:45 Boeing's battle with Bombardier and Airbus Wochit Business 0:42 Viacom To Introduce Non-Sports Streaming Package Wochit Business 0:39 CBS Extends Deal With CEO Les Moonves Wochit Business 0:38 Viacom CEO Bob Bakish Says MTV Set To Be More "Upbeat" Wochit Business 0:42 Ford Set To Fire CEO Mark Fields As Shares Founder Wochit Business 0:35 Texas Lawmakers Clear Way For Uber, Lyft Return To Major Cities Wochit Business 0:34 NHTSA Wants To Know: Did Hyundai, Kia Recall Enough Cars? Wochit Business 0:43 Facebook Has A Food Service? Wochit Business 0:32 Time Flies When You're Fighting For Your Economic Life Wochit Business 0:55 Recent Videos Oil market expecting more than 9-month extension of cut: Pro CNBC 2:37 1 hr ago Trump's proposed sale of strategic reserves will not go through Congress: Pro CNBC 2:32 2 hrs ago Links between Manchester bomber and ISIS not confirmed: Pro CNBC 2:39 2 hrs ago Expect more armed officers policing events in the UK CNBC 2:04 2 hrs ago Moody's downgrades China to Aa3 CNBC 3:30 2 hrs ago All German property companies focusing on organic growth: CFO CNBC 2:40 2 hrs ago Geely extends Malaysia's Proton lifeline CNBC 0:55 2 hrs ago Russian involvement in US election 'absurd': Former official CNBC 2:30 2 hrs ago Why Russia's keen on OBOR CNBC 1:32 2 hrs ago Here's why there will be a June rate hike CNBC 2:00 2 hrs ago Manchester attack: 'There is no 100% security' CNBC 1:46 2 hrs ago China ratings downgrade 'has no major impact' CNBC 1:42 2 hrs ago Outlook on the satellite industry CNBC 2:48 2 hrs ago Foxconn tries to move up the value chain CNBC 1:56 3 hrs ago 'China's banking sector is a unique beast' CNBC 1:05 3 hrs ago LeEco now pulling back to focus on its core audience CNBC 1:13 3 hrs ago The PC market is going more high end CNBC 1:41 4 hrs ago Moody's downgrade: Reality check for China CNBC 2:23 4 hrs ago China's downgrade by Moody's 'not really a surprise' CNBC 2:06 4 hrs ago This expert says US market rally is being held hostage by politics CNBC 1:46 4 hrs ago China's debt will continue to grow, says Moody's CNBC 2:04 4 hrs ago Govt measures 'not quite enough' to contain risks in China, says Moody's CNBC 1:35 4 hrs ago Bitcoin regains favor in Japan? CNBC 1:30 4 hrs ago How Trump is affecting Chinese manufacturers CNBC 1:27 4 hrs ago China ratings downgrade: 'I wouldn't underestimate China' CNBC 1:05 4 hrs ago Duterte declares martial law in Mindanao CNBC 1:27 5 hrs ago '99 percent of startups that want to access China, shouldn't': VC CNBC 1:10 5 hrs ago 'Manchester attacker likely had assistance' CNBC 2:11 5 hrs ago This expert says companies can do more to protect themselves from cyber threats CNBC 1:10 5 hrs ago Trump budget: Dead on arrival? CNBC 1:49 5 hrs ago AdChoices Featured Partners CNBC The Wall Street Journal Fox Business CNN Money The Street MoneyTalksNews Zacks Kiplinger Oil market expecting more than 9-month extension of cut: Pro CNBC 2:37 1 hr ago Trump's proposed sale of strategic reserves will not go through Congress: Pro CNBC 2:32 2 hrs ago Links between Manchester bomber and ISIS not confirmed: Pro CNBC 2:39 2 hrs ago Expect more armed officers policing events in the UK CNBC 2:04 2 hrs ago Moody's downgrades China to Aa3 CNBC 3:30 2 hrs ago All German property companies focusing on organic growth: CFO CNBC 2:40 2 hrs ago Geely extends Malaysia's Proton lifeline CNBC 0:55 2 hrs ago Russian involvement in US election 'absurd': Former official CNBC 2:30 2 hrs ago Why Russia's keen on OBOR CNBC 1:32 2 hrs ago Here's why there will be a June rate hike CNBC 2:00 2 hrs ago Manchester attack: 'There is no 100% security' CNBC 1:46 2 hrs ago China ratings downgrade 'has no major impact' CNBC 1:42 2 hrs ago Outlook on the satellite industry CNBC 2:48 2 hrs ago Foxconn tries to move up the value chain CNBC 1:56 3 hrs ago 'China's banking sector is a unique beast' CNBC 1:05 3 hrs ago LeEco now pulling back to focus on its core audience CNBC 1:13 3 hrs ago Barron's Bounce: Berkshire Hathaway, Impinj, Everspin Technologies The Wall Street Journal. 3:54 1 day ago Barron's Buzz: Berkshire Hathaway a Buy Beyond Buffett? The Wall Street Journal. 4:40 Samsung's Galaxy 8 Fails to Win Over iPhone Users The Wall Street Journal. 0:39 ’Alien: Covenant’: How the Prequel Sequel Fits Into Franchise Timeline The Wall Street Journal. 3:16 Young Wine Impresario Uncorks New Approach The Wall Street Journal. 2:27 Park Ave. Branches Help Banks Pass Low-Income Lending Test The Wall Street Journal. 2:18 Which Airlines Reward Frequent Fliers the Most? The Wall Street Journal. 2:45 Film Clip: 'Alien: Covenant' The Wall Street Journal. 0:45 Kraft Heinz Company CEO Bernardo Hees: How I Work The Wall Street Journal. 1:56 Ex-U.S. Diplomat Says Trump Administration Lacks North Korea Experience The Wall Street Journal. 3:06 Documentary Clip: 'Long Strange Trip' The Wall Street Journal. 0:34 Barron's Buzz: Should Investors Be Optimistic About Snap? The Wall Street Journal. 4:40 Check Out a Private Airline Terminal for the 1% The Wall Street Journal. 1:47 Film Clip: 'King Arthur: Legend of the Sword' The Wall Street Journal. 1:09 Film Clip: 'The Commune' The Wall Street Journal. 1:40 Film Clip: 'The Wedding Plan' The Wall Street Journal. 1:12 Should a border adjustment tax be added to Trump’s tax reform plan? Fox Business 3:38 5 hrs ago What security changes Americans could see after the Manchester attacks Fox Business 4:05 5 hrs ago How Trump’s budget could help Americans Fox Business 4:35 6 hrs ago Dobbs on Paul Ryan’s push for a border adjustment tax Fox Business 2:18 6 hrs ago Why politically correct policies can’t defeat terrorism Fox Business 4:23 6 hrs ago Individual investors throwing in the towel? Fox Business 1:53 6 hrs ago Can technology help prevent the next terror attack? Fox Business 5:20 6 hrs ago UK PM May indicates another terror attack may be imminent Fox Business 7:21 6 hrs ago ISIS supporters celebrate the attack in Manchester Fox Business 3:59 7 hrs ago Why the markets remain unfazed following the Manchester terror attack Fox Business 1:40 7 hrs ago Was Britain adequately prepared to handle a terror attack? Fox Business 5:05 7 hrs ago Should Americans feel worried about ISIS threats? Fox Business 2:24 7 hrs ago Is Trump the answer for peace in the Middle East? Fox Business 2:55 7 hrs ago Does the math behind Trump’s budget plan add up? Fox Business 5:21 7 hrs ago Is it time to invest overseas? Fox Business 3:43 9 hrs ago How will the attack in Manchester change security protocol in the U.S.? Fox Business 1:58 9 hrs ago How the U.S. Navy made raves more fun CNN Money 1:34 10 hrs ago Here's what's in Trump's budget CNN Money 2:26 12 hrs ago How to talk to your kids about money CNN Money 1:50 15 hrs ago Trump's budget: Spends on defense, slashes safety nets CNN Money 1:36 15 hrs ago This robot can take sunset walks on the beach CNN Money 0:58 16 hrs ago Thiis robot can take sunset walks on the beach CNN Money 0:58 16 hrs ago Snapchat unveils custom Stories CNN Money 1:02 18 hrs ago Turn your iPhone into a photo printer CNN Money 0:57 19 hrs ago Building an organic chocolate business in Ecuador CNN Money 2:14 1 day ago Black Mirror creator: We replaced the supernatural with tech CNN Money 3:09 1 day ago Ford Executive Chairman: We need to be quicker CNN Money 5:04 1 day ago This wearable saves little piglets' lives CNN Money 2:16 Fox News fires Bob Beckel CNN Money 1:02 This electronic cannon disables drones CNN Money 1:25 This is what flammable ice looks like CNN Money 0:54 This is the cheapest private jet you can buy CNN Money 0:52 What's Ahead Tuesday: Will Disney Report a Magical Quarter? The Street 1:32 Closing Bell: U.S. Stocks Slide; Chipotle Briefs Workers on Food Safety The Street 1:10 Jim Cramer Is Awaiting Panera Earnings Tomorrow The Street 1:04 1-800-Flowers.com Seeking Sweet Valentine’s Day Sales The Street 4:38 Chesapeake Energy Says it Has No Plans to File Bankruptcy The Street 2:48 Here’s What the Broncos Should Do With Their Super Bowl Bonuses The Street 4:36 University of Phoenix Owner Fetches $1.1B From Private Equity Group The Street 1:29 Brixmor Property Tanks on Accounting Issues, Jim Cramer Says Avoid It The Street 1:01 Doug Kass Says It’s All Over for Tesla and the FANG Stocks The Street 4:56 Moe’s Attacks While Takes Chipotle Safety Break The Street 3:52 Jim Cramer Says There’s No Need to Rush Into the Market Now The Street 3:50 Midday Report: Chesapeake Energy Tanks; Stocks Extend Selloff The Street 1:11 U.S. Stocks Open Sharply Lower on Oil, Earnings and Fed Worries The Street 1:32 Another Monday, Another Global Stock Selloff, Europe Hits15 Month low The Street 1:30 Natural Gas Stocks Are Falling. Here’s Why One Investor Is Buying The Street 5:38 Bank of America Needs a Long Term Growth Strategy to Survive The Street 5:36 Cool Summer Driving Tips Money Talks News 1:30 1 hr ago Five Ways a Bike Can Make You Wealthier Money Talks News 0:55 1 day ago The best vacations for $1,000 or less Money Talks News 1:43 Pay Less for That Wedding Dress Money Talks News 1:36 The best inexpensive sunscreen Money Talks News 1:39 Are dogs cheaper than cats? Money Talks News 1:36 How to Find Honest Investment Advice Money Talks News 1:44 Preparing your AC for summer Money Talks News 1:37 Slashing the Cost of Motorcycle Insurance Money Talks News 1:34 The best things to buy in May 2017 Money Talks News 1:17 15 Star Wars Gadgets Under $15 Money Talks News 0:58 Getting a discount on every online purchase Money Talks News 1:41 5 Quick and Easy Ideas to Celebrate Cinco de Mayo Money Talks News 0:48 Getting a discount on everything you buy in stores Money Talks News 1:45 How to Control Your Email Money Talks News 1:36 Protection you shouldn't buy Money Talks News 1:43 Market Inches Higher Again On Little News Flow Zacks Equity Research 10:09 8 hrs ago Bartosiak: Trading Best Buy (BBY) Earnings with Options Zacks Equity Research 0:00 14 hrs ago 5 Must See Earnings Charts Zacks Equity Research 0:00 15 hrs ago The Most Spectacular Retail Earnings Charts Zacks Equity Research 0:00 1 day ago Top Stock Picks of the Week for May 22: WYNN & RRGB Zacks Equity Research 0:00 1 day ago Market Bounces after Rough Hump Day - Dave's Daily Dive Zacks Equity Research 10:55 Bartosiak: Trading John Deere (DE) Earnings with Options Zacks Equity Research 40:06 SORL Auto Parts (SORL) and Hetrz (HTZ) and Avis (CAR) are three of Bolan’s Blowouts Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Autobytel (ABTL) and Children’s Place (PLCE) are Aggressive Growth Rank Buys Zacks Equity Research 0:00 5 Stocks with the Hottest Earnings Charts Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Were Q1 Earnings Results Really Good? Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Bartosiak: Trading Alibaba (BABA) Earnings with Options Zacks Equity Research 0:00 NASDAQ ATH...again while Retail Keeps on Tuggin' Zacks Equity Research 11:37 NASDAQ ATH...again and Retail Keeps on Tuggin' Zacks Equity Research 0:00 This Week’s Top Earnings Charts Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Bartosiak: Trading Target (TGT) Earnings with Options Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Is Costco a better deal than Sam's Club? Kiplinger 1:30 1 day ago 3 Dangerous Investing Mistakes to Avoid Kiplinger 1:23 How long should you keep tax records? Kiplinger 1:18 3 Smart Ways to Spend Your Tax Refund Kiplinger 1:14 Why you should invest your tax refund in a Roth IRA Kiplinger 1:19 10 timeless financial tips from Knight Kiplinger Kiplinger 1:38 The simple secret to retiring a millionaire Kiplinger 1:14 Why a Roth IRA is a no-brainer for retirement savers Kiplinger 1:21 Best Kirkland products to buy at Costco Kiplinger 1:07 5 states with rising taxes Kiplinger 1:17 Best Things to Buy at Aldi Kiplinger 1:04 Tax tip 2016: Write off home refinancing points Kiplinger 1:13 Tax Tip 2016: Deduct Student-Loan Interest Paid by Your Parents Kiplinger 0:50 Tax Tip 2016: A Tax Break for Airline Baggage Fees? Kiplinger 0:52 Which States Tax My Social Security Retirement Benefits? Kiplinger 0:53 Tax Tip 2016: Out-of-Pocket Charitable Deductions Kiplinger 1:13 Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Get More For Your Money™ Get More For Your Travel CREDIT CARDS TRAVEL ROUND THE WORLD ADMIN US SG ROUND THE WORLD FOR FREE WE GOT US$54,000 WORTH OF AIR TICKETS NEARLY FREE We are Pedro Pla and Grace Cheng, frequent flyers, travel hackers, credit card geeks and husband-and-wife co-founders of GET.com. We got 4 Round-the-World (RTW) air tickets on Business Class to 5 continents worth US$54,000 for FREE (well almost, we only had to pay taxes and fees). We'll use these free tickets to travel to Africa, Europe, South America, North America and Asia for 6 months with our two toddlers, starting January 2017. Read How We Did It» South African Airways A340 Business Class Review (2017): Johannesburg to Cape Town (SA 323) Singapore Airlines A350-900 Business Class Review (2017): SIN-JNB, #SingaporeAirA350 Singapore Airlines Business Class Lounge Review (2017): SilverKris Lounge at Changi Airport How To Get Free Business Class Flights Worth $54,000 What We Did With One Million Air Miles Earned From Credit Card RewardsMore trip reports» CREDIT CARDS OUR PICKS Best Credit Cards Top 10 Credit Cards Compare Credit Cards No Annual Fee Credit Cards Bonus Offer Credit Cards Credit Card Roundups REWARDS Rewards Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards LOW INTEREST Balance Transfer Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards TRAVEL Airline Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Gas Credit Cards Hotel Credit Cards SMALL BUSINESS Business Credit Cards LIFESTYLE Student Credit Cards Restaurant Credit Cards Supermarket Credit Cards Credit Card Blog TRAVEL GET.COM'S TRAVEL GUIDES More Travel Guides» FREQUENT FLYER NEWS 4 Tricks To Getting More From Your Delta SkyMiles Account British Airways Is Letting New Parents Extend Their Elite Status Get 25% Bonus When You Transfer Amex Points to JetBlue Through May 31 Southwest Rapid Rewards Program Named Best Loyalty Program 5 Tips To Score The Cheapest Tickets Whenever You Fly Get A Huge Bonus On AAdvantage Miles Before May Ends How You Can Avoid Being Bumped From A United Flight Alaska Mileage Plan Named Top Airline Loyalty Program In The Airline World Southwest Rapid Rewards Might Be The Best Thing In The Airline World More Travel News» BEST TRAVEL TIPS & HACKS How To Buy Cheap Airline Tickets - A Guide By GET.com How To Avoid High Air Travel Fees - A Guide By GET.com How To Find Cheap Hotels For Your Holiday - A Guide By GET.com Best Credit Cards That Give You Up To $250 Of Air Travel Credit (2017) How To Transfer Your Miles To Family Members For Free Flights Airport Lounge Clubs - 5 Ways To Save On Passes Best Credit Cards That Maximize The Value Of Your Miles For Travel (2017) Best Credit Cards That Come With Free Travel Insurance (2017) Air Travel Rights - A Guide By GET.com Travel Credit Cards - What Are Your Air Miles Really Worth? (2017) Cheap Travel - 4 Saving Tips For Backpackers (And Other Budget Travelers) Cheap Travel - Can You Still See The World On $100 A Day? Get More Hotel Deals Out Of Your American Express Card 10 Ways To Find Cheaper Holiday Stays Hilton Reward Stays - Top 4 Credit Cards BUSINESS CREDIT CARDS Business Charge Cards Business Rewards Cards Business Travel Cards Business Airlines Cards Low Interest Business Cards No Annual Fee Business Cards American Express Business Cards Visa Business Cards BLOG How To Outsmart Dynamic Pricing To Get The Best Travel Deals Alaska Airlines To Eliminate Virgin America's Elevate Program In 2018 Are Millennials Over American Express? 4 Tricks To Getting More From Your Delta SkyMiles Account British Airways Is Letting New Parents Extend Their Elite Status Air France Will Offer Service To The Maldives Starting November 2017 Traveling Alone? 8 Tips Adventurous Travelers Must Know Airline Passengers In The United States Paid $4 Billion In Baggage Fees In 2016 GET.comTravelAlaska Airlines To Eliminate Virgin America's Elevate Program In 2018 Alaska Airlines To Eliminate Virgin America's Elevate Program In 2018 The Alaska Airlines-Virgin America merger was completed in late 2016, and now Alaska Airlines has announced that Alaska Mileage Plan will be its only running airline loyalty program come 2018. Additionally, it will eliminate the Virgin America brand completely sometime in 2019. With this comes a couple of improvements that flyers can look forward to in the near future. More Destinations Since officially merging, Alaska Airlines announced 21 new markets and 25 new departures out of Los Angeles, San Diego, San Francisco and San Jose. This marks the largest addition of routes ever for the airline and means that West Coast residents have more options than ever. Faster Internet Beginning in the fall of 2018, Alaska Airlines will install high-speed satellite Internet on all of its Boeing planes. Then, the company will add high-speed Internet to it's Airbus fleet. Both fleets should be fully setup for faster Internet by the end of 2019. Alaska Airlines claims that the Internet will be fast enough to stream movies and TV shows. Not only will flyers be able to stream videos, but also they will have access to Free Chat onboard, so they can communicate with people on the ground. Currently, travelers on Boeing planes can use Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp and iMessage. The airline will introduce the service on Airbus-operated flights before 2019 comes to an end. More Premium Seats Alaska Airlines now has a brand-new Premium Class section with seats offering a 35-inch seat pitch. Included with the fare are complimentary beer, wine and cocktails. The airline will offer 18 new Premium Class seats on its Airbus planes in late 2018 in addition to adding four more First Class seats. It currently has eight seats in First Class. For those who are wondering, First Class seats have 41 inches of pitch, personal power outlets, footrests, cup holders and many other comforts. More Rewards Alaska Mileage Plan will be the only loyalty program for both airlines in 2018. The Alaska Mileage plan offers flyers more rewards, a huge global network and is the only major loyalty program that offers a mile earned for a mile flown. Members of the program enjoy some of the most generous benefits in the airline industry, with award travel starting at just 5,000 miles each way, complimentary upgrades and a quick path to elite status. With Alaska Airlines and its global partners, you can redeem miles to more than 900 destinations around the world. Free Upgrades There will be more upgrade opportunities for elite loyalty program members when more premium seating options are made available in the near future. In case you are curious, members of Alaska Mileage Plan MVP Golds and above enjoy upgrades to First or Premium Class 75% of the time. In 2018, complimentary upgrades for Airbus flights will debut, which is a spanking new perk for Virgin America elite flyers. Food and Beverage Alaska Airlines' First Class Passengers will have the option to choose their meals before their flight by June 2017, and by early next year, Main Cabin passengers will have the choice of pre-paying for their meals before their flight. This will apply to Boeing planes, while pre-ordered meals will be available on Airbus flights in the future. More Lounges Alaska Airlines is also refreshing and expanding its airport lounges in Portland, Los Angeles and Seattle, and they should be unveiled by early 2019. The carrier also plans to open new lounges in San Francisco and at JFK airport in New York. How We Rate Credit Cards Credit Card Features Intro APR Regular APR Annual Fee Why we like it We least like t_cc_credit_required Related links Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card Our Rating: APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure website Our Rating: Our Rating: 4.60/5 User Rating: 5.00/5Rate This Card Earn 50,000 bonus points after you spend $4,000 on purchases in the first 3 months from account opening. That's $625 toward travel when you redeem through Chase Ultimate Rewards® Named Best Credit Card for Flexible Travel Redemption - Kiplinger's Personal Finance, July 2016 2X points on travel and dining at restaurants worldwide & 1 point per dollar spent on all other purchases. Earn 5,000 bonus points after you add the first authorized user and make a purchase in the first 3 months from account opening No foreign transaction fees 1:1 point transfer to leading airline and hotel loyalty programs Get 25% more value when you redeem for airfare, hotels, car rentals and cruises through Chase Ultimate Rewards. For example, 50,000 points are worth $625 toward travel No blackout dates or travel restrictions - as long as there's a seat on the flight, you can book it through Chase Ultimate Rewards APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure website N/A 16.24%-23.24% Variable Introductory Annual Fee of $0 the first year, then $95 Why we like it Get 25% more value when you redeem for airfare, hotels, car rentals and cruises through Chase Ultimate Rewards. For example, 50,000 points are worth $625 toward travel. 1:1 point transfer to leading airline and hotel loyalty programs. Excellent Credit Related Links Read our review of Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card or view more details of Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card . See more Chase credit cards. APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure website Capital One® Venture® Rewards Credit Card Our Rating: VIEW DETAILS Our Rating: Our Rating: 4.70/5 Your Rating: Rate This Card Enjoy a one-time bonus of 40,000 miles once you spend $3,000 on purchases within 3 months from account opening, equal to $400 in travel Earn unlimited 2X miles per dollar on every purchase, every day Fly any airline, stay at any hotel, anytime Travel when you want with no blackout dates Miles don't expire and there's no limit to how many you can earn No foreign transaction fees $0 intro annual fee for the first year; $59 after that Get a metal Venture Card when you apply today VIEW DETAILS N/A 13.74% - 23.74% (Variable) $0 intro for first year; $59 after that Why we like it Earn unlimited 2X miles per dollar on every purchase, every day. We least like No low introductory APR period. Excellent, Good Related Links Read our review of Capital One® Venture® Rewards Credit Card or view more details of Capital One® Venture® Rewards Credit Card . See more Capital One credit cards. VIEW DETAILS Adam Luehrs updated May 23, 2017 Tweet Adam Luehrs is a contributing writer at GET.com. Email: adam.luehrs@get.com.Editorial Disclosure: Any personal views and opinions expressed by the author in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the viewpoint of GET.com. The editorial content on this page is not provided by any of the companies mentioned, and has not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. Opinions expressed here are author's alone, not those of the companies mentioned, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. How We Rate Credit Cards How We Rate Credit Cards At GET.com we compare credit cards and rate them objectively based on the credit card's features, interest rates and fees. Cards are rated by our team based primarily on the basis of value for money to the cardholder. The GET.com team rates each card based on its annual fee, rewards, benefits, bonus, introductory APR, ongoing APR, flexibility (in how its benefits can be used and how rewards are earned and redeemed), and other card features. Credit Cards From Partners * Chase Freedom Unlimited℠ Chase Freedom® Citi® Double Cash Card – 18 month BT offer Capital One® Venture® Rewards Credit Card BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ Credit Card Blue Cash Preferred® Card from American Express Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card BankAmericard Travel Rewards® Credit Card Barclaycard CashForward™ World Mastercard® Barclaycard Arrival Plus™ World Elite MasterCard® Citi Prestige® Card Citi Simplicity® Card - No Late Fees Ever Gold Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card from American Express Premier Rewards Gold Card from American Express BankAmericard® Credit Card Capital One® VentureOne® Rewards Credit Card Chase Slate® Southwest Rapid Rewards® Premier Credit Card Capital One® Secured Mastercard® Top 10 Credit Cards Best Credit Cards 2017 Compare Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Credit Card Rewards Cash Back Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Low Interest Credit Cards Hotel Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Gas Credit Cards American Express Cards Bank of America Cards Barclaycard Credit Cards Capital One Cards CitiCards Chase Credit Cards Discover Card US Bank Credit Cards Visa Cards Canadian Credit Cards Excellent Credit Good Credit Fair Credit Bad Credit No Credit Comments At GET.com it's all about your saving and getting experience. There's nothing more helpful for all of us Getters than a true life experience, a tip or a trick relating to a reviewed product. Read more about comments. More Good Reading British Airways Is Letting New Parents Extend Their Elite Status Air France Will Offer Service To The Maldives Starting November 2017 Traveling Alone? 8 Tips Adventurous Travelers Must Know Priority Pass Now Includes Minute Suites Locations Sign up to our newsletter Hi! I'm Pedro Pla, an avid miles collector. I recently redeemed 4 Business Class Round-the-World tickets worth $54,000 using credit card points. Get our FREE daily newsletter with travel news, deals and offers. COMPARE CARDS Best Credit Cards Top 10 Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards GET.com About Us Press Contact GET CONNECTED *Advertiser Disclosure: Most of the offers that appear on this site are from companies from which GET.com receives compensation. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). While we try to offer a comprehensive list of offers, GET.com does not include all companies or all offers. Editorial Disclosure: Any personal views and opinions expressed by the author in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the viewpoint of GET.com. The editorial content on this page is not provided by any of the companies mentioned, and has not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. Opinions expressed here are author's alone, not those of the companies mentioned, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. GET.com is a US registered trademark. All other trademarks found on GET.com belong to their respective owners. The presence of a third-party trademark on GET.com does not in any way imply an affiliation with that trademark's owner. Copyright 2017 GET.com - Terms & Conditions - Privacy Policy - How GET.com Is Financed WANT TO GET discounts & deals from all banks in one app? Yes Get dining, shopping, petrol & entertainment discounts No I prefer to pay full price× How We Rate Credit Cards At GET.com we compare credit cards and rate them objectively based on the credit card's features, interest rates and fees. Cards are rated by our team based primarily on the basis of value for money to the cardholder. The GET.com team rates each card based on its annual fee, rewards, benefits, bonus, introductory APR, ongoing APR, flexibility (in how its benefits can be used and how rewards are earned and redeemed), and other card features.
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Defense News Boeing awarded $1B contract for Redesigned Kill Vehicle The RKV contract includes payload design, ground testing and integration with the ground-based interceptor and ground-based midcourse defense systems. By Stephen Carlson   |   May 23, 2017 at 10:17 AM Follow @upi Comments May 23 (UPI) -- Boeing has been awarded a $1 billion modification to a previously awarded contract for development of the Redesigned Kill Vehicle, or RKV. The contract includes payload design, ground testing and integration of the RKV with the ground-based interceptor and ground-based midcourse defense systems. The program also covers flight testing and the delivery of four production RKVs for initial fielding. This modification brings the total value of the contract to $5.8 billion, up from the original $4.75 billion, the Department of Defense announced on Monday. The work will be conducted in Huntsville, Ala., Tucson, Ariz., Sunnyvale, Calif., and other government sites and subcontractor locations. The program is expected to be completed by June 30, 2022. The project is a joint program across the defense industry, and includes work by Boeing, Lockheed Martin Space Systems and Raytheon. The contract was non-competitive and awarded on a sole-source basis. Fiscal 2017 funds of $250,000 were allocated at the time of the award. The RKV is meant as an upgrade and supplement to the current Exo-Atmospheric Kill Vehicle, or EKV. Both systems are ground-based interceptors for the U.S. Missile Defense Agency designed to defend the U.S. mainland against long-range ballistic missile attacks. The RKV offers improved maneuverability and targeting performance compared to the EKV, which has a poor test record. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories British military reports troop levels remain below stated needs Leonardo says it has developed a ransomware solution Successful test for Lockheed's modernized TACMs Comments Latest Headlines Sikorksy awarded contract for King Stallion helicopters 13 hours ago ago May 23 (UPI) -- Sikorsky Aircraft Corp. has received a $55 million contract for the long support of low-rate production of four Lot II CH-53K King Stallion Helicopter. Military, civilian aviation leaders meet over pilot shortage issues 14 hours ago ago May 23 (UPI) -- U.S. military aviation leaders, their civilian counterparts and others announced they are to collaborate to address the mutual problem of pilot shortages. Northrop Grumman awarded contract for MQ-4C drone maintenance 14 hours ago ago May 23 (UPI) -- Northrop Grumman has received a $49.4 million contract for parts, material and labor required for maintenance of the MQ-4C unmanned aircraft system. British military reports troop levels remain below stated needs 17 hours ago ago May 23 (UPI) -- Britain's Royal Army is continuing to suffer from low troop strength -- 5.1 percent below the number of needed full-time soldiers in April. Leonardo says it has developed a ransomware solution 17 hours ago ago May 23 (UPI) -- Leonardo says it has developed a solution to combat ransomware such as the WannaCry virus that recently compromised thousands of computers around the world. Trending Stories Report: Single-payer health plan could cost $400B annually in California Golf game interrupted by battle between venomous snakes Blake Shelton reacts to Gwen Stefani leaving 'The Voice' Leader of GOP moderate group in House quits over AHCA split Trump's full $4.1T budget seeks more border, immigration money PHOTOS Backstage at the 2017 Billboard Awards in Las Vegas Ringling Bros. performs final shows in New York Stars showcase their films at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Kevin Hart, Kristen Schaal attend 'Captain Underpants' premiere in Los Angeles On the red carpet at the 2017 Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas Cloud Computing wins the Preakness Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Tapestry Solutions Awarded $58 Million Contract to Continue Mission Command Training Support for 7th Army Training Command News provided by Tapestry Solutions, Inc. 23 May, 2017, 08:20 ET Share this article SAN DIEGO, May 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Tapestry Solutions, Inc., a Boeing Company [NSYE: BA], has received a contract award potentially worth $58 million to provide mission command training support services for the 7th Army Training Command – the U.S. Army's largest overseas training command that provides realistic, tailor-made training solutions to U.S., NATO and partner nations throughout Europe, Africa and beyond.  The contract award covers a base year with four option years. Under the contract, Tapestry will continue to support live, virtual and constructive training exercises at the Joint Multinational Simulation Center (JMSC) located in Grafenwoehr, Germany; its satellites in Kaiserslautern, Germany, and Vicenza, Italy; the Joint Multinational Readiness Center (JMRC) in Hohenfels, Germany; and Theater Security Cooperation exercises throughout NATO.  Spc. Fernando Gomez operates a computer-based simulation during a recent exercise facilitated by the 7th Army's Joint Multinational Simulations Center at Grafenwoehr, Germany. Tapestry has supported U.S. and allied training exercises throughout Europe since 2011 under the JMSC Battle Simulation Training (BST) contract.   Tapestry designs, plans and conducts computer-based simulations to prepare commanders and their staff for full-spectrum military operations. The company supports all levels of training – from unit-level to joint and multinational exercises – in classroom and force-on-force environments. "We are excited to win this competitive contract, as it demonstrates the Army's continued confidence in Tapestry and our team's ability to deliver exceptional services," said Robin Wright, president and CEO, Tapestry Solutions. As the prime contractor, Tapestry will lead a team that includes Capstone, Metro Productions and VATC (Visual Awareness Technology & Consulting, Inc.). Tapestry will provide overall management along with planning and execution of training exercises throughout the U.S. Army Europe's area of responsibility.    "We are committed to continued excellence in providing Mission Command Training support to the U.S. Army and fostering lasting relationships with our customers," said René Burgess, business development director, Tapestry Solutions.  "Tapestry is proud to support the Army's mission to ensure the highest level of readiness for our forces – today and well into the future." ABOUT TAPESTRY SOLUTIONS Tapestry Solutions, Inc. is a global provider of information management software and services for defense, government and commercial markets. Backed by our parent company, The Boeing Company, we provide mission planning, training and simulation support to maximize readiness for our warfighters. We also help solve logistics challenges for the world's largest and most complex supply chains. Headquartered in San Diego, Calif., Tapestry supports customers from more than 50 locations worldwide, including Saudi Arabia, Oman, Afghanistan, Kuwait, the UK, South Korea, Australia, Germany and Italy.   CONTACT: Janet Dayton, jdayton@tapestrysolutions.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tapestry-solutions-awarded-58-million-contract-to-continue-mission-command-training-support-for-7th-army-training-command-300461958.html SOURCE Tapestry Solutions, Inc. Related Links http://www.tapestrysolutions.com 01 Mar, 2017, 08:40 ET Preview: Tapestry Solutions' Logistics Software to Enhance Fleet Maintenance Management Capabilities for the Kuwait Air Force My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 01 Mar, 2017, 08:40 ET Tapestry Solutions' Logistics Software to Enhance Fleet... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Software Aerospace & Defense Contracts You just read: Tapestry Solutions Awarded $58 Million Contract to Continue Mission Command Training Support for 7th Army Training Command News provided by Tapestry Solutions, Inc. 23 May, 2017, 08:20 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN EVENTS APPS Home Redstone Arsenal AMC ACC AMRDEC USASAC USACE Dept of Defense Videos WAAYTV Redstone 75th Anniversary Toggle navigation Home Redstone Arsenal AMC ACC AMRDEC USASAC USACE Dept of Defense Videos WAAYTV Redstone 75th Anniversary WATCH LIVE 4:30-7am 11am 5pm 6pm 7pm 10pm Close Michael Peterson The Missile Defense Agency's Flight Test 06b Ground-Based Interceptor launches from Vandeberg Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif., June 22, 2014. Boeing's Huntsville office awarded an additional billion dollars for missile defense work Jeff Martin, jmartin@waaytv.com Jeff Martin May 22, 2017 Updated 16 hrs ago 0 Michael Peterson The Missile Defense Agency's Flight Test 06b Ground-Based Interceptor launches from Vandeberg Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif., June 22, 2014. The Huntsville office of large defense contractor Boeing has been awarded an additional billion dollars for work on America's ballistic missile defense system, according to a Pentagon release.  The modification is for $1.088 billion, and brings to the total award to more than $5 billion for work on the Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD) system. That's the system that uses Alaska and California-based interceptor missiles to shoot down incoming missiles in space. While the system has faced some issues, it's often described as America's homeland defense. It is operated by soldiers overseen by Redstone Arsenal's Space and Missile Defense Command.  The modification is for work on the kill vehicle, which is the portion of the interceptor that actually intercepts the incoming ballistic missile. The Missile Defense Agency is seeking to integrate a new version, known as the Redesigned Kill Vehicle (RKV) and according to the release, Boeing will work to develop the RKV, integrate it onto a missile and perform flight testing. The modification also allows for production of the first four RKVs.  Boeing isn't the only company working on the RKV. Raytheon and Lockheed Martin are also partners, with work expected to be complete by 2022.  Work will be done in Huntsville, Tucson and Sunnyvale, California, along with other undisclosed locations.  The contract was awarded under a sole source bid by the Missile Defense Agency, with the release stating that Boeing has "has demonstrated special capabilities and/or expertise and no other company is known to be able to satisfactorily perform the required services or deliveries without unacceptable delays in fulfilling the agency's requirements."  Jeff Martin Follow Jeff Martin Close Get email notifications on Jeff Martin daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Jeff Martin posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Jeff Martin Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Tweets by jeffWAAY31   Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates For daily news updates and when Breaking News occurs. Manage your lists Sections Home Redstone Arsenal Amc Acc Amrdec Usasac Usace Dept of Defense Videos Reporter Information WAAYTV - Jeff Martin 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL 35801 Phone: 256-533-8521 Email: jmartin@waaytv.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 WAAY-TV, 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Aerospace blog Cuts continue as Boeing issues more layoff notices Dan Catchpole Mon May 22nd, 2017 9:54pm BusinessNews You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — The Boeing Co. issued more layoff notices Friday, as the aerospace giant continues trimming its workforce. At least 281 workers were told they will be out of a job by late July. The company laid off 249 members of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers and 32 members of the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace. A Boeing spokesman declined to say how many non-union employees were laid off. The company has to give laid-off workers 60-days warning ahead of their last day of work, which would be July 21 for employees notified Friday. If enough other employees retire or otherwise leave Boeing before then, the company may choose to not follow through on the layoff notices. “We continue to follow the plan outlined to employees last December,” Boeing spokesman Paul Bergman said. “Employment reductions, which includes managers and executives, will come through a combination of attrition, leaving open positions unfilled, a voluntary layoff program and in some cases, involuntary layoffs. All information is being shared directly with employees.” Boeing’s workforce has dropped by more than 13,600 since the beginning of 2016. Those cuts have hit heaviest around Puget Sound, where the company’s payroll has been slashed from 79,238 at the beginning of 2016 to 70,640 by the end of March 2017, the most recent data available on the company’s website. That is a decrease of 8,598 jobs. Over the first three months of this year, the number of Boeing jobs in Washington fell by 1,241. Company leaders have said they plan to trim Boeing’s workforce this year as much as they did last year. In 2016, Boeing’s Washington workforce dropped by 7,357 jobs — a 9.3 percent reduction — through a combination of leaving open positions unfilled, buyouts and layoffs. “Unfortunately, we expect the layoffs to continue,” said Bill Dugovich, a spokesman for the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace, the white-collar union representing engineers and technical workers around Puget Sound. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @dcatchpole.   Most Read Aerospace blog Paine Field museum scores rare 1930s de Havilland airplane MUKILTEO — One of the rarest aircraft in the world recently landed… May 22nd, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Arlington plans to make space for its population boom ARLINGTON — City officials say they need to make space for at… May 22nd, 2017 by Kari Bray Aerospace blog Cuts continue as Boeing issues more layoff notices EVERETT — The Boeing Co. issued more layoff notices Friday, as the… May 22nd, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Auditor tells Verdant its safety programs are out of bounds LYNNWOOD — The state Auditor’s Office says the Verdant Health Commission has… May 22nd, 2017 by Sharon Salyer Super Kid Kindness, finding cures rate high for this Mukilteo student MUKILTEO — Warren Han, 18, is a senior at Kamiak High School.… May 22nd, 2017 by Melissa Slager © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 24 May 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE-Caribbean Renewable Energy Fund in talks to fund projects Dubai Hospital to undergo expansion Saudi Aramco plans up to $30bln investment in Motiva Gulf insurers drawn to bonds as sovereign issuance surges Dubai Properties in three-way alliance for listings Aldar to build new site for Abu Dhabi's free trade zone for media Dubai developer Damac's tower to go on sale in Qatar Barwa signs Madinat Al Mawater phase-2 contract Aldar to build new site for Abu Dhabi's free trade zone for media Dubai's Arabtec wins construction contract for Wasl Tower UAE's Danube expects business to grow by at least 5% in 2017 Sheikh Zayed Mosque, building inaugurated in Oxford OPEC still debating duration of cuts extension: UAE Saudi Aramco plans up to $30bln investment in Motiva Oil prices rise as market expects extended cut UAE still expanding oil and gas production capacity- energy minister FDI inflows into Abu Dhabi up 8% in 2016 UAE-Caribbean Renewable Energy Fund in talks to fund projects Egypt expects to raise $276-$387mln from state IPOs GCC unified VAT, Selective Excise Taxation agreements come into effect Morocco opens first Islamic bank branch months after approval Bahrain's Al Baraka Banking launches $400mln sukuk Oman starts marketing seven-year US dollar sukuk Bahrain's Al Baraka Banking gives initial price guidance for dollar sukuk Samsung aims to cement its top position with QLED TVs China's Huawei enters PC market to take on Lenovo, HP, Dell Dubai Internet City affirms role as enabling platform for entrepreneurs and SMEs New Nokia, Apple deal ends bitter dispute Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudization of mall jobs "a huge success" Foreign investment flows into Qatar jump 11% UAE to tax selected items from fourth quarter 2017 FDI inflows into Abu Dhabi up 8% in 2016 Saudization of mall jobs "a huge success" Foreign investment flows into Qatar jump 11% Qatar says hackers post fake comments by Emir Erring recruitment offices under the scanner in Saudi Deputy Ruler of Dubai donates $270,000 to families of Jordanian martyrs Arab world ‘lags’ in children’s access to justice In Israel, Trump says there is "rare opportunity" for peace Budget pressure likely to keep Saudis propping up oil price Morocco opens first Islamic bank branch months after approval Egypt expects to raise $276-$387mln from state IPOs Egypt expects to raise $400mln in Banque du Caire offer Egypt budget deficit down to 8% of GDP in first nine months of 2016-17 Trump set to exchange views with Pope Francis at Vatican UAE still expanding oil and gas production capacity- energy minister US plan to sell oil reserve shows declining import needs Favorite destination: Summer travel rush to spur rise in visa applications in UAE Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities OPEC still debating duration of cuts extension: UAE Oil prices rise as market expects extended cut UAE still expanding oil and gas production capacity- energy minister US plan to sell oil reserve shows declining import needs Mideast stocks factors to watch on May 24 Egypt expects to raise $276-$387mln from state IPOs Leejam Sports to file for $266mln IPO, targeting Q4 Riyadh listing Gulf insurers drawn to bonds as sovereign issuance surges Bahrain's Al Baraka Banking launches $400mln sukuk Gulf insurers drawn to bonds as sovereign issuance surges Heading to OPEC: UAE backs output cut extension Bitcoin prices hit all-time high of above $2,000 mark Oil prices rise as market expects extended cut US plan to sell oil reserve shows declining import needs Gold steady following Manchester blast; U.S. political woes support OPEC Sec-Gen sees growing consensus on duration of oil cuts Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Qatar says hackers post fake comments by Emir Former Gulf emirate officials sentenced in embezzlement case Erring recruitment offices under the scanner in Saudi Sharjah Police aims to reduce house theft by 10% Saudization of mall jobs "a huge success" Erring recruitment offices under the scanner in Saudi Protecting UAE teens from social media dangers FDI inflows into Abu Dhabi up 8% in 2016 Qatar says hackers post fake comments by Emir Former Gulf emirate officials sentenced in embezzlement case Erring recruitment offices under the scanner in Saudi Sharjah Police aims to reduce house theft by 10% GCC unified VAT, Selective Excise Taxation agreements come into effect Deutsche Boerse CEO seeks end to insider trading probe Airbus hires outside monitors amid fraud probe Oman Air to review new baggage policy GCC unified VAT, Selective Excise Taxation agreements come into effect Splitsville: Divorce rate in Kuwait touches an alarming 60% More than 22,000 deported from Saudi Arabia in six months Dubai Crown Prince issues resolution regulating use of recreational motorcycles Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Ex-James Bond actor Roger Moore dies Protecting UAE teens from social media dangers Region's family businesses well prepared for disruptions French Open could be "tense" after UK bombing Insurance firms to be charged for ambulance services in Dubai Dubai Hospital to undergo expansion Quitting smoking and caffeine, side effects and tips for Ramadan UAE residents encouraged to cut food waste during Ramadan 180 Palestinian teachers vetted to work in Kuwait 5 Places to travel during Ramadan on a budget E-commerce will not collapse luxury industry in Arab world Dubai’s secondary malls likely to be under 'extreme pressure’ soon Indian expat pledges to buy air tickets for released prisoners in UAE Saudi ensures best services for pilgrims in Ramadan Favorite destination: Summer travel rush to spur rise in visa applications in UAE 5 Places to travel during Ramadan on a budget Philippine Airlines suspends Abu Dhabi-Manila flights Fans beg Justin Bieber to cancel dates as fear grips pop's youth Tom Cruise ready for take off in 'Top Gun 2' Former James Bond actor Roger Moore dies aged 89 UAE films now eligible for Oscar nomination French Open could be "tense" after UK bombing Leejam Sports to file for $266mln IPO, targeting Q4 Riyadh listing Real Madrid title win "an incredible feeling" for Zidane Rohit Sharma eyes revenge in IPL final against Dhoni Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article security Package of agreements further boosts Boeing-Saudi partnership 23 May, 2017 A model of the Boeing 777 is seen at the Boeing booth at the Aircraft Interiors Expo 2017 in Hamburg, Germany April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer Reuters/Fabian Bimmer 23 May 2017 RIYADH – Several defense and commercial agreements announced Saturday (May 20) will further strengthen Boeing’s partnership with Saudi Arabia, create or sustain thousands of jobs in both the United States and Saudi Arabia, and enhance national security in the region. US President Donald Trump and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson were joined by the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques King Salman Bin Abdul-Aziz Al Saud, Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Naif Al Saud and Deputy Crown Prince Mohammad Bin Salman Al Saud at a signing ceremony that included Boeing products and services. Among the announcements: • Agreements to purchase Chinook helicopters and associated support services as well as guided weapon systems. • Saudi Arabia’s intent to order P-8 maritime, patrol and reconnaissance aircraft, which are based on the Boeing 737 commercial airplane. Advertisement • A joint venture with the Kingdom to provide sustainment services for a wide range of military platforms. The agreement also supports Saudi Arabia’s efforts to grow its indigenous aerospace industry and ecosystem through its Vision 2030 initiative. • A commercial registration certificate for the Saudi Rotorcraft Support Company, a newly formed joint venture between Boeing, Alsalam Aerospace Industries and Saudia Aerospace Engineering Industries with bases in both Riyadh and Jeddah that will provide support for both military and commercial helicopters. • An agreement between Boeing and SaudiGulf Airlines to negotiate the sale of up to 16 widebody airplanes. “These announcements reaffirm our commitment to the economic growth, prosperity and national security of both Saudi Arabia and the United States, helping to create or sustain thousands of jobs in our two countries,” said Boeing Chairman, President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg, who also participated in the Saudi-U.S. CEO Forum. “Our decades-long partnership with the Kingdom began in 1945 when President Roosevelt presented a DC-3 to King Abdul Aziz Al Saud, launching commercial air travel in the region. We welcome the opportunity to continue that support. I appreciate the efforts of King Salman, President Trump and his administration to support American manufacturers as we seek to grow at home and around the world,” he added. © The Saudi Gazette 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: business saudi arabia aviation united states Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Microsoft appoints new General Manager for Gulf region 22 hours ago Microsoft appoints new General Manager for Gulf region 1 day ago Hamdan bin Mohammed appoints senior officials in Dubai Government His Highness issued Resolution No. (22) of 2017 transferring Butti Abdullah Mohammed Al Jumairi from His Highness the Ruler’s Court to the 2 days ago Shurooq's Bodour Al Qasimi named Chair of WEF's MENA Regional Business Council 21 May 2017 Fallon joins Memac Ogilvy to lead government & international affairs practice across MENA region 21 May 2017  from Memac Ogilvy PR Emirates Post Group appoints Chief Happiness & Positivity Officer 20 May 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Wednesday, May 24, 2017 Oman Observer Home Top stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main Analysis My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor's choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Archive 2016 2015 E PAPER Business Market  Boeing signs commercial, defence deals with Saudi 22/05/2017 Oman Observer DUBAI: Boeing Co has signed several defence and commercial deals with Saudi Arabia including for the sale of military and passenger aircraft, the company said on Sunday during a visit by US President Donald Trump to the kingdom. Boeing said Saudi Arabia agreed to buy Chinook helicopters, associated support services and guided weapons systems, and intends to purchase P-8 surveillance aircraft. The US State Department in December announced plans to sell Saudi Arabia CH-47F Chinook cargo helicopters and related equipment, training and support worth $3.51 billion. Congress was informed last year that a sale to Saudi Arabia would involve 48 of the helicopters. Saudi Arabia is seeking closer defence and commercial ties with the United States under Trump, as it seeks to develop its economy beyond oil. The total value of the deals was not disclosed in a statement announcing the agreements. The Boeing announcement is the latest in business deals worth tens of billions of dollars signed between US and Saudi companies since Trump arrived in Riyadh on Saturday. “These announcements reaffirm our commitment to the economic growth, prosperity and national security of both Saudi Arabia and the United States, helping to create or sustain thousands of jobs in our two countries,” said Boeing Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg. Boeing also said it would negotiate the sale of up to 16 widebody airplanes to Saudi Gulf Airlines, which is based in the country’s east in Dammam. A sale to the privately owned commercial airline is expected to include Boeing 777 and or 787 aircraft, according to a person familiar with the matter. Saudi Gulf, which started operations last year, could not be reached immediately for comment. Boeing also will establish a joint venture with Saudi Arabia to provide “sustainment services for a wide range of military platforms,” the statement said, including non-Boeing supplied equipment. A separate joint venture would “provide support for both military and commercial helicopters.” The Saudi Rotorcraft Support Centre recently received its commercial certificate and is expected to start operations in the near future. The centre is a joint venture with Alsalam Aerospace Industries, Saudi Aerospace Engineering Industries and Boeing.— Reuters Related ← Previous Saudi oil minister visits Iraq to discuss oil cut extension Bank Muscat launches attractive Ramadhan Sayyarati auto finance offer Next → You May Also Like Bank Muscat, AIG launch phone payment for motor insurance renewal 10/12/2016 Oman Observer Comments Off on Bank Muscat, AIG launch phone payment for motor insurance renewal Oil prices surge, trading volume records smashed as Opec, Russia agree output cut 01/12/2016 Oman Observer Comments Off on Oil prices surge, trading volume records smashed as Opec, Russia agree output cut Asian stocks retreat, dollar holds near 6-week high 04/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Asian stocks retreat, dollar holds near 6-week high Latest News Diversification steps paying rich dividends: HM 24/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Diversification steps paying rich dividends: HM Missing Australian found in Yemen, with Oman’s help 24/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Missing Australian found in Yemen, with Oman’s help Taking Oath 24/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Taking Oath HM greetings to Eritrea President 24/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on HM greetings to Eritrea President Sultanate condemns Manchester attack 24/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Sultanate condemns Manchester attack State Council approves health policy study, heritage law report 23/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on State Council approves health policy study, heritage law report Facebook Instagram Load More... Follow on Instagram Editor’s Choice Editor's choice  Scientists link higher dementia risk to living near heavy traffic 05/01/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Scientists link higher dementia risk to living near heavy traffic Editor's choice Uncategorized  Rahma Haruna: Life revolved around a plastic basin 04/01/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Rahma Haruna: Life revolved around a plastic basin CARTOONView All Cartoon  Cartoon  Cartoon  Cartoon  Cartoon  BooksView All Books Entertainment Weekend  Of the chilling cases from Baker Street 28/04/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Of the chilling cases from Baker Street Books Local Main  Fair fares better than last year 03/03/2017 Vinod Nair Comments Off on Fair fares better than last year Books Local  Book fair not just about books but for knowledge 23/02/2017 Lakshmi Kothaneth Comments Off on Book fair not just about books but for knowledge Books Entertainment Features Weekend  A soothing balm for non-fiction genre 17/02/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on A soothing balm for non-fiction genre Sections: Local World Sports Business Features Head stories 2017 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA) Multimedia Youtube Facebook Twitter Instagram Whatsapp Services Subscribe Advertisements Contact Us PO Box: 947 Code: 100 Muscat +968 24 64 94 80 editor@omanobserver.om
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Manchester Concert Explosion Bill Cosby Scandal TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Autos Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 22 2017, 2:39 pm ET Did Ford Nix Its CEO Because He Was Too Much of a Visionary? by Paul A. Eisenstein Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement Former Ford CEO Mark Fields fashioned himself an agent of change, promising to transform a Rust Belt auto manufacturer into a high-tech "mobility company." But three years after taking the helm, Fields has been tripped up by changes beyond his own control. The 56-year-old New York native was summarily sent out to pasture, Ford announced Monday, replaced by former Steelcase CEO Jim Hackett. That, along with a series of other high-level management moves, appears to have been months in the making, reflecting the growing frustration among major investors — including the founding Ford family — over weak sales, declining earnings and a stock price down 40 percent since Fields stepped into the CEO role in July 2014. Play Facebook Twitter Embed Ford CEO Mark Fields is reportedly ousted 0:20 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/950144067718" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> "Mark had a tremendous career at Ford and had done great things," Chairman Bill Ford Jr., the grandson of company founder Henry Ford, said during a Monday morning news conference. "He put us in a great position. I'm very thankful to Mark. But this is a time of great change and fortunately we have a transformational leader," Ford said, referring to new CEO Hackett. Officially, Fields tendered his resignation last Friday, "after a discussion he and I had," Chairman Ford said during a subsequent interview on CNBC. But the speed with which a successor was named suggested to industry observers it was only a matter of time, and a question of whether Fields, a 28-year Ford veteran, would jump or be pushed. Field Marshaled in Change Things looked a lot more promising just three years ago, when Fields stepped in for the retiring Alan Mulally. Fields was the protégé of the former Boeing executive, who guided Ford through the Great Recession. It was, in fact, Fields who largely crafted the "Way Forward" plan that let the second-largest U.S. automaker avoid the bankruptcies that nearly destroyed Detroit rivals General Motors and Chrysler. But, after a promising start, a number of factors came into play leading to the management shake-up. "There's no question that all of us were acutely aware that the stock had been languishing," the Ford chairman acknowledged. But there has been growing concern that while Fields had a clear vision of where the auto industry is heading five, even 10 years from now, his grasp of current challenges may have been a bit more murky. In recent years, Fields had been a frequent speaker at the Consumer Electronics Show, underscoring the way the automobile is becoming as much a digital device as a mechanical one. Under his leadership, Ford has rapidly expanded its spending on technology, early this year ordering a major expansion of its new Silicon Valley research center. Technology Up Front Barely a month ago Ford announced a three-way venture with Amazon and Starbucks that will allow motorists with the latest Ford Sync 3 infotainment system to call up the Alexa voice assistant and use it to have a cup of java waiting when they pull into the nearby coffee shop. Ford was hailed by a recent Navigant Research study that declared it the industry leader in development of autonomous vehicles, ahead of Waymo, the self-driving spin-off from Google. Ford plans to have its first fully driverless vehicle in production by 2021. The carmaker has launched car-sharing and ride-sharing projects and is exploring a variety of other new mobility concepts. If one bought into Fields's vision, that is essential, as there will likely be far fewer consumers buying cars in 2025 than there are today, many owners expected to switch to sharing services like Uber and Lyft. Related: Why 95 Percent of Your Driving Won't Be in Your Own Car by 2030 Fields also was betting that those car-share services would opt for electric, rather than gas-powered models. In many ways, his vision echoed that of Elon Musk, and Wall Street has embraced Tesla — last month driving its stock up to the point it had a higher market capitalization than either Ford or General Motors. But the message failed to resonate with Ford investors — especially after the carmaker saw first-quarter sales dip 40 percent to $1.6 billion, with the full-year numbers also expected to decline. "It will be many years before a lot of the stuff Fields has been working on will achieve a payoff," said Joe Phillippi, a long-time Wall Street analyst and now head of AutoTrends Consulting. Having a long-term vision isn't a bad thing, Phillippi stressed, but critics contend Fields lost sight of Ford's short-term challenges. Its passenger car fleet, models like the Fusion and Focus, have been allowed to age without necessary replacements. It has been slow to recognize and respond to some key market shifts, as well — notably the revival of the midsize pickup truck segment. General Motors got there in 2014 with models like the Chevrolet Silverado. Ford's reborn Ranger truck is still a year away. Play Facebook Twitter Embed Ford Announces Plan to Create 700 New US Jobs 0:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/846480963812" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Déjà Vu All Over Again Several observers said Fields's ouster triggered a sense of déjà vu. On October 30, 2001, Ford gave walking papers to Jacques Nasser, another visionary leader who set out to create a very different Ford. Nasser was an early proponent of in-car technologies. He also spent heavily on non-traditional operations, like auto parts and repairs and recycling. But critics felt he ignored the core of Ford's business and, after Nasser's ouster, Bill Ford — then handling dual roles as chairman and CEO — adopted a strategy dubbed "One Ford." That led the Detroit maker to return focus to its core brand, selling off a host of foreign luxury marques, including Volvo, Land Rover and Jaguar, that Nasser had acquired at a premium. While the "Blue Oval" Ford brand quickly rebounded, Mulally eventually killed off domestic Mercury, too. And even now, Lincoln, the homegrown luxury division, continues to struggle. How much CEO Hackett will reverse the course set by Fields is uncertain. He was, in fact, heading Ford's Smart Mobility unit for the last year, so Hackett seems unlikely to completely walk away from many of the projects Fields set in motion. But Chairman Ford made it clear the new chief executive also will have to not only "drive innovation" for the long haul, but improve the carmaker's cost efficiencies and "deliver results around the world." Boosting that stock price is certain to be one of the metrics by which the 62-year-old Hackett will be judged. Paul A. Eisenstein Twitter Topic Autos First Published May 22 2017, 2:39 pm ET Next Story Ford CEO Fields Ousted in Massive Shake-Up advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 6:11pm Wed 24 May Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Boeing and Arconic climb while Halliburton declines 8:50 AM Wednesday May 24, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print World NEW YORK (AP) " Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Monday: Ford Motor Co., up 23 cents to $11.10 The automaker replaced CEO Mark Fields with Jim Hackett, the head of its mobility business. Boeing Co., up $2.91 to $183.67 Defense and aerospace companies rose after President Donald Trump approved a large sale of military equipment to Saudi Arabia. Huntsman Corp., down 56 cents to $26.15 The chemicals company agreed to combine with Clariant of Switzerland. Arconic Inc., up 5 cents to $27.63 The aluminum products company resolved a proxy fight with investment firm Elliott Management. Halliburton Co., down 66 cents to $47.12 The price of oil continued to rise, but energy companies traded lower. Qualcomm Inc., up $1.61 to $59.28 The technology sector, a hot corner of the market this year, posted further gains. Amgen Inc., down $3.49 to $153.02 Investors were concerned about side effects in a study of the company's osteoporosis drug Evenity. Nutraceutical International Corp., up $14.15 to $42.15 The company agreed to be bought by private equity firm HGGC for $41.80 a share in cash. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Big haul at Special Olympics Swim Carnival Far North-based swimmers performed well at the Special Olympics Swim Carnival. Hawke's Bay Today Napier water tests negative for E coli Napier's water tested negative for E coli today following a positive reading yesterday… Bay of Plenty Times Rachel Stewart: Why I'm not positive Rachel Stewart explains why she's not going to be positive just to please chirpy men. Our Features' Top Stories Driven What's it like driving James Bond's Lotus Espirit? Never meet your heroes? Well, it's not always the case... Viva Oversized separates for winter Keep warm in a cool array of voluminous separates True Commercial My Food Bag bags bigger base Home food delivery provider My Food Bag has relocated to a new building in Parnell. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf03 at 24 May 2017 19:04:31 Processing Time: 62ms
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Victims of Manchester massacre: Brave aunt killed shielding her niece, a teenager who dreamed of stardom, friends waiting for their children, and a girl whose injured mother doesn't know she's dead EXCLUSIVE: First photos of Ariana Grande since Manchester attack show tearful pop star being comforted by her boyfriend as she's whisked off a private jet and into an SUV caravan Soldiers on UK streets: British PM warns another terror attack is IMMINENT as she deploys 5,000 troops to police public events Manchester's missing: More than 24 hours on, desperate families still search forlornly for their mothers, sisters, sons and daughters who disappeared in bomb chaos JAMES HARKIN: How Ariana Grande and her revealing stage outfits are a symbol of everything Islamists hate  'Like bits of fire': Mother and daughter share photos of their injuries after 'nail bomb' terror attack in Manchester Outrage at Milo Yiannopoulos after he criticized Ariana Grande for being 'pro-Islam and anti-America' just hours after suicide bomber killed 22 people and wounded 59 at her Manchester concert Terrorist's brother arrested: Dramatic moment armed police swoop to arrest Ismail Abedi, 23, over his sibling's arena massacre How Manchester became a crucible of extremism with dozens of terrorists emerging from the city  PIERS MORGAN: The Manchester murderer may have been a 'lone wolf' but I refuse to believe NOBODY knew ANYTHING. As Trump said, Muslims must Drive. Them. Out. SARAH VINE: They were young girls free to be whoever they want to be. That's why the fanatics hate them  3,000 jihadists on the streets of Britain: Spies and counter-terror police are struggling to monitor a flood of radicalised men and women in their teens  Liberated and confident, the star whose school-age fans known as Arianators became targets of a fanatic  Aaron Hernandez's hell behind bars: NFL star killed himself after being regularly attacked by inmates, devouring 20 Honey Buns on one night of desperation and even EATING his letters so guards could not confiscate them 'Unbelievable job on the drug problem': Trump's PRAISE for murderous Philipine leader Rodrigo Duterte is revealed in leaked transcript of confidential call as thousands of dealers and addicts are slaughtered Terror scare at Atlanta Braves baseball game as scoreboard flashes up huge evacuation order and sirens go off a day after Manchester attack How much sleep should women have at every stage of life? From teenagers to mothers and full-time workers, expert reveals how many hours YOU need 'This is such a great honor!' Trump meets the Pope at the Vatican for a private audience as he completes his tour of the world's three great religions Will there be a kiss of peace? Trump will meet the Pope for the first time since Catholic leader called then candidate un-Christian - and he called Francis 'disgraceful' Hillary Clinton blasts Trump's budget for showing an 'unimaginable level of cruelty' and 'disdain' for Americans as Tom Hanks and a host of stars listen at charity gala She STILL doesn't wanna hold his hand: Melania leaves Donald grabbing air as they disembark Air Force One in Rome  EXCLUSIVE: Family of slain DNC staffer Seth Rich demands D.C. police reveal details of its murder investigation after reports claimed he may have been the source of Wikileaks emails Hannity says he will not discuss murder of DNC staffer 'out of respect for the family's wishes' as Fox retracts report he was source of Wikileaks emails  Billy Bush apologizes to former Access Hollywood co-host Nancy O'Dell over 'p****gate' tape of Trump talking about trying to f*** her Previous Next Air Force One replacement budget is slashed by Trump after demand to cut costs or end the program The Trump administration is sending a $4.1 trillion budget to Congress that slashes spending on anti-poverty programs The budget leaves in place core Medicare and Social Security benefits It also slashes funding for a new Air Force One by $200 million It still provides $434 million for research and development of a fleet of presidential aircraft, down from $626 million The administration is releasing the budget while Trump is away on his first overseas trip  Then met with Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenberg before the inauguration to secure a price reduction By Geoff Earle, Deputy U.s. Political Editor For Dailymail.com Published: 12:57 EDT, 23 May 2017 | Updated: 14:22 EDT, 23 May 2017 e-mail 6 shares 23 View comments President Trump's budget for next year slashes $200 million for development of a new Air Force One, in the latest installment in his effort to trim costs from the program. Funding for development of a new fleet of specially designed planes to transport the president and top officials would drop from $626 million to $434 million for the next fiscal year, Politico reported.  The news comes as Trump touched down in Rome aboard the storied, aging plane – with a nearly identical spare government aircraft along in case of any necessary contingencies. Trump campaigned against the cost of the plane, a specially modified 747 outfitted with communications equipment and defensive capabilities to protect the president, then intervened in a high-profile effort to secure savings. Trump said at a rally in February: 'We've got that price down by over $1 billion and I probably haven't spoken for more than an hour on the project.' US President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump disembark Air Force One upon their arrival at Ben Gurion International Airport in Tel Aviv on May 22, 2017, as part of his first trip overseas US President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump disembark Air Force One on arrival at Ben Gurion International Airport, Monday, May 22, 2017, in Tel Aviv. Trump opened his first visit to Israel Monday, a two-day stop aimed at testing the waters for jumpstarting the dormant Middle East peace process Members of honor guard in formation wait to begin the welcoming ceremony for U.S. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump's departure from Air Force One at Ben Gurion International Airport in Lod near Tel Aviv, Israel May 22, 2017 Trump took on Boeing for costs of the redesign U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson speaks with reporters after departing Saudi Arabia en route to Israel with U.S. President Trump's delegation aboard Air Force One, May 22, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst Eric Ueland, Republican staff director, Senate Budget Committee holds a copy of President Donald Trump's fiscal 2018 federal budget, before distributing them to congressional staffers on Capitol Hill in Washington, Tuesday, May 23, 2017. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)AF1Air Force One for Geoff Earle 'I told Boeing that isn't good enough, the price is still too high,' Trump said, summarizing his personal negotiating interventions. Trump had tweeted about possibly cancelling the program. Then he met with Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenberg before the inauguration. The CEO gave Trump a personal commitment to cut costs. He tweeted in December: 'Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!'  The White House web site states that 'Secretary of Defense Mattis has ordered a cost-cutting review of Boeing's next-generation Air Force One fleet, after President Trump was able to cap the cost at millions below that which was agreed to by the Obama administration.' Military Times noted that Trump previously said the savings reached $1 billion.   Share or comment on this article e-mail 6 shares Most watched News videos Girls scream and climb over barriers as they evacuate Manchester Arena Moment 'nail bomb' explodes at Ariana Grande concert 'There're no problems here': Manchester Arena announcement urges no panic Crowds run through Manchester station in panic after bomb blast Blood seen dripping from victim's leg after Manchester 'explosion' Terrifying scenes inside Manchester Arena as crowd flee concert Ariana Grande fans running away from venue after an explosion Loud BANG heard and explosion seen at Manchester Arena Sickening 'ISIS' video warns of more attacks after Manchester Police swoop in on suspect as part of Manchester investigation Moment armed police storm 'home of Manchester suicide bomber' Crowds panic after 'loud bang' at Ariana Grande show, Manchester EXCLUSIVE: First photos of Ariana Grande since Manchester... Mother who was critically injured in the Manchester... 'He was chanting Islamic prayers loudly in the street':... Theresa May warns a fresh terror attack is feared to be... Manchester on the edge: Screaming shoppers flee as... Dramatic moment armed police swoop to arrest man, 23, in... 'Get her a cuppa, a hug and a knighthood. #hero': Woman... Passengers are removed from Virgin flight from Dubai to... KATIE HOPKINS: Despite all the politicians’ clichés of... PIERS MORGAN: The Manchester murderer may have been a... 'Hatred won't win!': Comedian Jason Manford breaks down... EXCLUSIVE: Ariana Grande's hero mom - who helped bring... Faces of the Manchester massacre: Brave aunt killed... 'I saw the killer': Mother claims she stood just 15ft... Fears of race hate attacks in wake of Manchester concert... 'Jihadist' praises Manchester bombing and chants 'Allahu... Mother of teen, 18, killed in Manchester terror attack... Brave aunt, 32, is killed shielding her young niece from... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 23 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today EXCLUSIVE: First photos of Ariana Grande since Manchester bombing show tearful  star being comforted by  boyfriend Mac after arriving home in Florida JAMES HARKIN: How Ariana Grande and her revealing stage outfits are a symbol of everything Islamists hate  Gig hit by suicide bomber Inside the wedding of the year, the first photographs of Pippa's flowers in her $130,000 glass marquee  Photos posted on Instagram Julia Roberts dons mustard sweater and sandals in Malibu... and reveals how her kids reacted to her being People's Most Beautiful Woman There she blows! Kim Kardashian looks windswept as she enjoys a lunch date with Kanye West in Malibu Spotted making their way into Nobu  Shining star! Katie Holmes steps out in a glittering dress for a gala at New York's prestigious Whitney Museum Shimmering 007 whose four formidable wives made Bond girls look like pussycats: How Sir Roger Moore's face and physique were adored by the camera... and the ladies  Clerks actress Lisa Spoonauer dies aged 44 after starring in just two movies and going on to become a restaurant manager Also acted in 'Bartender' 'Supernova at just the right time': Rashad Jennings and pro partner Emma Slater win season 24 of DWTS  Proudly raised the Mirrorball Trophy  'Our hearts are with you': Miley Cyrus dedicates song to 'good friend' Ariana Grande on finale of The Voice after horrific terrorist attack at UK concert Pamela Anderson, 49, sports incredibly smooth complexion as she parties with leggy Paris Hilton at De Grisogono Party in Cannes  Busty Irina Shayk wows on the red carpet at Cannes Film Festival as she flaunts her post-baby figure in a daringly cut floor-length gown... just TWO months after giving birth Bust friends! Blac Chyna and Amber Rose show off their impressive cleavage in gravity-defying black bras on Instagram A busty display 'It was the worst day of my life': Southern Charm's Austen Kroll reveals his sister, 9, fell to her death off a cliff during family hike in tragic childhood accident Demi Lovato shares intimate moment with Cheat Codes singer Trevor Dahl as she flashes toned tum while performing new song No Promises 'They were like vultures': Rebel Wilson cries in court as she accuses magazine of ruining decades of hard work after a 'jealous former schoolmate sold her out'  Back to where it all began: Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg posts video of himself returning to the Harvard dorm where he founded the social media site La La Anthony models leopard-print athleisure wear... after 'meeting with Kim Kardashian's divorce lawyer' The Tony-nominated producer  He's with her! Thrilled Tom Hanks cuddles up to Hillary Clinton at children's charity event in New York Jimmy Fallon also attended Sheer to cause a stir! Katy Perry reveals her sports bra in bizarre see-through tracksuit as she catches a flight out of New York She donned shades Gal Gadot shimmers in gold playing Box of Lies with Jimmy Fallon as the brunette beauty continues to promote Wonder Woman Golden girl La dolce vita lives on: Barack Obama leaves Michelle behind to go for a walkabout in Bologna and is mobbed by adoring fans  He was in high spirits Surfing USA! Liam Hemsworth flaunts his ripped physique as he strips down for a surf session in Malibu... before suffering a HUGE wipeout in the waves 'You don't have to lose weight to be worthy of wearing a bikini! Former anorexic posts curvier 'after' picture as she rejects 'bikini body' standards 'She's being very courageous': Rebel Wilson receives unlikely support from Russell Crowe in legal battle... years after Gladiator star bluntly told her to 'f**k off' SPOILER ALERT: The Voice crowns season 12 champion as music industry stars perform in finale of NBC show During a two-hour star-studded finale  She's chic! Julianne Moore is stylish in ivory jumpsuit with tassels at charity fundraiser in New York The v-neckline of her outfit revealed a little cleavage   Nicole Scherzinger puts on VERY busty display in cleavage-flaunting crop top ahead of Dirty Dancing performance on DWTS final in saucy Instagram snap  Bill Cosby's legal team accuses prosecutors of racism after they tried to block black female cop from jury at his sexual assault trial  Second day of jury selection Chelsea Handler is pretty in silky blouse gathered at the neck and black slacks at Netflix event in LA Wore nude heels to complete the look Star in stripes: Reese Witherspoon hits the shops in Beverly Hills wearing nautical inspired outfit Stepping out with a large shopping bag Hollywood medium Tyler Henry warned Alan Thicke about his heart before his death at 69 Star of Hollywood Medium With Tyler Henry made the stunning revelation  Kate Mara reveals her first kiss with fiance Jamie Bell was for a screen test 10 YEARS before they started dating Revealed on Watch What Happens Live  Has she been waist training again? Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her TINY waist... after '$415,000 surgery transformation' Priscilla Presley is stylish in sparkly semi sheer top and black top coat as she arrives at LAX after European tour The ex-wife of the late Elvis Presley  James Corden will host program beginning this fall on Snapchat's Discover platform A digital series in which he'll will conduct a mock talent search to find his replacement Shopping up a storm! Lisa Rinna keeps it comfy in leggings as she picks up clothes at Barneys in Beverly Hills The 53-year-old reality star  Has a nice ring to it! The Bachelorette's Rachel Lindsay shows off svelte waist in black tank top as she flashes dainty engagement band Looking for Mr Right Something to tell us, Selma? Blair flashes a blingy ring (again) on THAT finger as she meets her beau Ron Carlson after a mani-pedi Suits you! Orlando Bloom looks suave in blue as he attends Pirates of the Caribbean screening...after ex Katy Perry is 'ready for a beautiful man' Mom on duty! Jordana Brewster has her hands full as she goes shopping with her three-year-old son Julian in LA She looked ready for anything  'How is this relevant?': Kim Kardashian's tribute to Manchester victims offends fans as she shares snap of herself partying with Ariana Grande 'Get ready for a shout back on your own looks!' Pregnant Chelsea Peretti vents about strangers commenting on her baby bump in epic Twitter rant A look inside the undersea world of Atlantis: Aerial shots of Aquaman movie set show construction as Jason Momoa and Amber Heard film on the Gold Coast Ciao bella! Michelle Obama shows off her shoulders again in a colorful caftan as she enjoys lunch with a VERY relaxed Barack at their luxury Italian villa 'RIP my 007': Bond girls Jane Seymour and Britt Ekland pay tribute to former co-star Sir Roger Moore after his death aged 89 Brit Ekland and Jane Seymour shared grief 'She's hot as a pistol': Russell Crowe admits he's still attracted to ex Danielle Spencer after she DAZZLES in daring gown at The Mummy premiere Carrie on running! Sarah Jessica Parker goes for a jog in flip-flops as she gets ready to film HBO show Divorce Carrie Bradshaw No shrinking violet! Teresa Palmer looks blooming beautiful as she shows off her post-baby body in a purple floral frock Hacksaw Ridge star Nicki Minaj struts through LAX in purple bomber... and vows to perform for Manchester fans in 2018 The 34-year-old rap diva also revealed she's celibate  Leggy Bella Hadid risks a wardrobe malfunction in a risque black dress with a VERY high split as she steps out in Rome Now that's a LBD Flawless in fuchsia! Joanna Krupa stuns in flared pink trousers as she struts through Warsaw without a care in the world... after recently announcing marriage split They shore look good! Kendall Jenner flashes her abs in a nautical-inspired crop top and flared cream pants as leggy sister Kourtney pets a pooch in Cannes  Effortlessly chic! Julianna Marguiles headlines children's charity bash in NYC in black halter neck top and tailored slacks Showed off her shoulders Feeling blue! Chloe Grace Moretz emerges from pilates session in midnight bomber and navy shorts The 20-year-old actress was in West Hollywood, California Happily ever after? ABC's Dirty Dancing remake will reveal what happened to Baby and Johnny after the original movie ended Time of their lives Antonio Banderas, 56, gets passionate with girlfriend Nicole Kimpel, 37, as she attends Cannes 70th anniversary bash in TWO daringly sheer gowns  'Ending a relationship like that is going to be heavy': Russell Crowe reveals his close friends Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman had a 'hard' split and denies he sided with the actress True Blue! Princess Mary looks effortlessly chic in knee-length ensemble for Emergency Services Summit before packing school bags for kids 'Inspired by '60s pimps': Busty Gabi Grecko debuts bizarre new look as she continues 'fembot' transformation after split from Geoffrey Edelsten Getting edgy! Jennifer Aniston, 48, reveals a Helix piercing as she looks toned while leaving gym in Los Angeles Justin's influence? It's a Sign Of The Times! Harry Styles dons $330 Gucci T-shirt on Mexico getaway after enjoying success with his record breaking debut solo album 'My world will never be the same again': 'Devastated' Michael Caine leads tributes to Roger Moore after 007 legend died age 89 after short battle with cancer Blue jean baby! Karlie Kloss wears long cutoffs and a white tee as she enjoys a casual stroll in New York City The former Victoria's Secret Angel Billy Bush apologizes to former Access Hollywood co-host Nancy O'Dell for leaked 'p****gate' tape of him and Donald Trump Saying sorry Leggy Joanne Froggatt stuns in thigh-grazing sequin mini dress as she attends fashion launch in LA The 36-year-old Golden Globe winner  'I did try and reach out to her': Katy Perry would 'absolutely' answer a Facetime call from Taylor Swift to end their feud The California Girl 'I don't want to be connected so much': Chris Pine admits he uses a FLIP PHONE...as he continues promoting Wonder Woman film Keeping it real Dismissed! Chicago Justice cancelled by NBC network after just one season It is a definite case of no order for the court Liberated and confident, the star whose school-age fans known as Arianators became targets of a fanatic  Suicide bomber targeted her gig 'It's surreal': Dance Moms star Abby Lee Miller admits she's nervous about going to prison as she prepares to serve her fraud sentence The Night King is coming! HBO releases Game of Thrones season 7 key art featuring dreaded villain in creepy poster Teaser That'll Kourt trouble! Scott Disick, 34, risks awkward run-in as he arrives in Cannes with Bella Thorne, 19... while ex parties with toyboy nearby 'Is that like a w****r?' Tom Cruise left confused when Australian presenter uses the slang word 'tosser' during awkward interview Friend reveals how Diana met Charles just TWELVE times before they wed - but claims princess says he was only man she'd ever loved before her death Who knew Kate was an artist? Duchess of Cambridge is praised for her sketch of Pippa's wedding church which featured on the order of service Obama's photographer snaps Frank Underwood and his House of Cards comrades during a day out in Washington DC ahead of fifth series of Netflix show Elsa Hosk flaunts her sensational figure in a leotard and extravagant caped gown as she poses up a storm at Cannes jewelry party Victoria's Secret Angel Double denim diva! Braless Rihanna wears outrageous oversize jean jacket and skirt in New York The 29-year-old singer stepped out in NYC 'Short hair DONT CARE': Justin Bieber posts series of shirtless snaps on Instagram as fans beg him to cancel London gig this summer The Canadian pop star EXCLUSIVE: 'Broken' Ariana Grande touches down on private jet in Florida with hero mom Joan after halting world tour following terror attack at concert Going nude! Helena Christensen steps out in a whimsical dress to attend the Valentino fashion show in New York She can pull off virtually any look The cutest kid on earth! North West steals the show from mom Kim Kardashian and dad Kanye in Minnie Mouse outfit at Disneyland Little girl is 4 next month You can't always get what you want at Keith Richards' charity antiques auction: Rolling Stones guitarist auctions off the contents of his Upper East Side home 'I'm definitely a romantic': Tom Cruise reveals he hasn't given up on love after three failed marriages The actor is still looking for love Short-shorts, ankle socks and bras, OH MY! As Kendall Jenner makes her own style rules at Cannes, learn how to cop the supermodel's cutting-edge look Ready for summer! Nicky Hilton stuns in flowery dress and bohemian braid at Valentino runway show At the Valentino Resort 2018 show in NYC Meek Mill sued in fatal December shooting that broke out after his show Travis Ward, 31, and Jaquan Graves, 20, died outside the Toyota Oakdale Theater Hello sunshine! Leggy Jamie Chung bares her cleavage as she stuns in tiny ruffled frock in NYC She looked ready for the warm weather in New York City on Tuesday Bumping along! Glowing Jill Duggar shows off baby belly to mom Michelle... after revealing tragic murder of friend in Central America QUENTIN LETTS: He's as British as Worcester sauce. So why does Colin Firth want to be Italian? (Don't dare suggest he's having a Brexit hissy fit)  Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are 'getting better day by day' after violent home robbery Glamorous Mischa Barton looks happy and healthy in a plunging black gown at Cannes... as she returns to the red carpet after sex tape scandal and meltdown Olivia Palermo rocks colorful bomber jacket for the Valentino 2018 Resort fashion show in New York She recently said that fashion is about mixing and matching Elisabeth Moss wears off-the-shoulder white sundress and red heels to attend Top Of The Lake: China Girl press conference in Cannes Looking all white Society's gender pay gap is 'violence against women', says actress Salma Hayek as she criticizes the 'macho' culture of Hollywood  Speaking at Cannes  No one puts this babe in the corner! Debra Messing is unmissable as she wears a romper that is even more fiery than her red hair The 48-year-old star looked fantastic  She doesn't age! Elvis Presley's widow Priscilla, 71, looks youthful as she receives key to the city in Vienna The co-founder and former chairwoman of Elvis Presley Enterprises She's at it again! Ecstatic Nicole Kidman cuddles up to Naomi Campbell on the Cannes Film Festival red carpet in another VERY amicable display Heartbreaking moment thousands of youngsters sing 'One Last Time' with Ariana Grande moments before Manchester suicide bomb attack killed 22  Ariana Grande's Australian tour likely to be cancelled after Manchester terror attack as the 'hysterical' singer suspends European dates and arrives back in the U.S.  'It's happening, I'm going to start filming it in the next year': Tom Cruise CONFIRMS sequel to his classic 1986 film Top Gun It's a classic Rita Ora puts on an eye-popping display in plunging mini dress while Hailey Baldwin exhibits her cleavage in skintight look at De Grisogono Party Going platinum! Christina Ricci is almost unrecognizable with new peroxide blonde hair at Valentino fashion show in New York She is 37 Summer's most flattering frock! As Olivia Culpo and Margot Robbie cut stylish figures in wrap dresses, FEMAIL finds prettiest options out there  The mane attraction! Salma Hayek debuts new ombré wig days after sporting eye-catching pink 'do as she steps out for Cannes Soiree 'It's been going on for a while': Scarlett Johansson and SNL star Colin Jost are 'just having fun' after duo 'hooked up' at after party She got it white! Gal Gadot stuns in minidress as she hits AOL Build Series with Wonder Woman co-stars Chris Pine and Connie Nielsen 'I look in the mirror and think, "I am so FAT"': Two morbidly obese little people document their weight loss struggles as they attempt to transform their bodies for new reality series Jamie Foxx models snazzy sunglasses as he is seen leaving radio station in New York City day after denying romance rumors with Katie Holmes Astounding in apricot: Jessica Chastain embraces orange in a figure-hugging satin gown as she attends the 70th anniversary party for Cannes Film Festival Mini-me! Makeup free Keri Russell is dressed down as she enjoys skipping and hopping with look-alike daughter Willa on way to school in New York Rachel Lindsay tells Jimmy Kimmel she has not seen her fiance since they finished taping The Bachelorette... but vows they will NOT break up Karrueche Tran 'is not granted permanent restraining order against Chris Brown as she did not testify in person' Had filming duties  Ellie Goulding teams floral blouse with cutoffs as she flashes her toned legs in New York The 30-year-old singer is back in US after performing in Morocco  'Happy Stepmamma's Day!': LeAnn Rimes goes bra-free as she belatedly celebrates the holiday with husband Eddie Cibrian and his two boys Kim Kardashian shares new behind-the-scenes photos from Azzedine Alaïa fittings taken just hours before her traumatic Paris robbery Queen Elizabeth shines brightly in yellow and Princess Eugenie is all smiles as they are joined by the Duke of Edinburgh and Charles for Palace garden party 'I will not marry her now, ever': Amber Portwood's fiance Matt lashes out after she refuses to elope in Las Vegas High drama on show Kourtney Kardashian, 38, flaunts her flat stomach in a bikini as she suns herself with shirtless boyfriend Younes Bendjima, 24, on a  yacht in Cannes Back in her Daisy Dukes! Mother-of-three Kristin Cavallari proves she still has a great figure by flashing her legs on Instagram Showed slender legs  Single Katy Perry boasts about her $25 million American Idol paycheck as she reveals she's 'ready for a beautiful man' after Orlando Bloom split Emily Ratajkowski shows off her incredibly peachy posterior in barely-there white bikini as she continues sun-worshipping in Cannes Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa 'questioned by Child Services after one-year-old son Brayden fell in pool' Drama for reality star after marriage breakup Besties! Real Housewives vets Bethenny Frankel and NeNe Leakes hang out together in Los Angeles Posted a photo of their get together on line Prom queen! Elle Fanning wows in floral embellished tulle gown as she walks the red carpet at the Cannes Anniversary Soiree Another winner for Elle Barely there! Matthew Morrison's wife Sarah rests her hand on her tiny baby bump as the parents-to-be enjoy some retail therapy in Los Angeles 'Always freshen up': Busty Kelly Rohrbach saves an awkward date with mints in new Baywatch promo She's solving everyday problems  Beauties with big hearts! Christie Brinkley, 63, looks youthful as she takes daughter Sailor to Haiti for charity trip Helping kids with cleft palates  Melania Trump changes into a black and gold embroidered coat for her arrival in Italy - but Ivanka sticks with same white frock she wore in Israel  Aren't they too young for the gym? Fans blast David and Victoria for allowing their son Cruz, 12, to exercise on a rowing machine... as Harper, 5, goes boxing PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Back to eating churros! Kim Kardashian is caught red-handed with the treat as she takes North and Kanye to Disneyland Diane Kruger oozes glamour in an elegant backless grey gown at 70th Cannes Film Festival anniversary bash A vision of beauty  Irina Shayk flaunts her sensational post-baby figure in a chic utility jumpsuit... as she and a bevy of stars arrive for Cannes Film Festival Bradley Cooper's girl A wheelie good time! Josh Brolin and assistant-turned-wife Kathryn Boyd show off toned bodies on bike ride in Venice Beach He's looking buff at 49 Uma Thurman is a true pink lady in figure-skimming feathered gown as she injects some fun into 70th Cannes Anniversary bash Was it all that love making? Tracy Morgan yawns his way through scene ... after revealing he is back in the sack with a vengeance after horror crash  'Relax!' Demi Lovato slams 'hyper-sensitive' fans who accused of cultural appropriation for modeling dreadlock-style hair in a music video Leggy Charlize Theron flaunts her enviable figure in a dramatic semi-sheer gown as she steps out in Cannes for the Film Festival's anniversary bash PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hailey Baldwin smolders in very revealing ensembles as she is named Maxim's SEXIEST woman in annual Hot 100 issue 'I love you, we're all in this together': Katy Perry shares group hug with fans outside New York City studio to express solidarity for Manchester victims Beaded beauties! Rita Ora flaunts her figure in intricate sheer gown as Eva Longoria highlights her petite frame in crystal encrusted look at Cannes 'Payback b***hes!' Priyanka Chopra steps out after revealing Baywatch is not just about pretty girls running in slo-mo but some man candy too The love boat! Big Bang Theory's Jim Parson enjoys honeymoon with new husband Todd Spiewak on luxury yacht in Italy Together for 15 years The most A-List shoot of all time: Uma Thurman, Charlize Theron and Jessica Chastain pose for star-studded Cannes Film Festival photocall Heiress and actress Dina Merrill, who spent her childhood wintering at her mother's Mar-a-Lago estate, passes away aged 93 Famous socialite Don't mess with the hair! Tom Cruise's minder barks at makeup artist on Australian TV show for touching actor's locks and reveals staff are 'never allowed' to  Gwyneth Paltrow's close friend and trainer Tracy Anderson shares  intimate throwback snap of herself leaking milk through her shirt while breastfeeding Lights, Cannes, action! Eva Longoria, 42, laps up limelight in extravagant plunging gown as she shoots new L'Oreal advertisement on French beach There's an app for those abs! Ryan Phillippe reveals what it takes to get a ripped body like his... and launches his own fitness program Kendall Jenner flashes her derrière in skimpy yellow thong bikini before switching to sizzling pink two-piece as she frolics aboard luxury yacht in Cannes 'My beard has become a bigger star than me!': Jim Carrey, 55, talks his grey facial hair on Jimmy Kimmel Live Funnyguy laughed: 'It has its own Twitter' It's a... Jason and Brittany Aldean announce they are expecting a baby boy with a fun gender reveal party Star has two daughters Melania wears sleeveless dress while Ivanka keeps arms covered in demure design as both ladies with President Trump 'He's cute, he's dope!': Nicki Minaj CONFIRMS she's dating Nas but says they have not had sex yet as she wants to be celibate for 'one year' Told all to Ellen Harry Styles makes history as his debut album tops the charts in more than 20 countries and breaks US sales records Topped Billboard 200  Doutzen Kroes has a Marilyn Monroe moment in Cannes as the wind whips up her dress to reveal peachy posterior  Blonde showed off sideboob too Bill Cosby holds onto his lawyers as he arrives at court in Pittsburgh for the second day of jury selection for his sexual assault trial Ruby Wax, 64, reveals how she has a cold shower or bath every day to combat the signs of ageing  'It gives you a youthful complexion' 'I am shocked every morning by Trump': Robin Wright says president is 'trumping' House Of Cards because he's 'stolen' all their good ideas Abs-olutely perfect: Hailee Steinfeld shows off rock hard stomach in music video for Most Girls The singer dressed up as different characters  'This painful memory will live with us all forever': Ariana Grande's drummer talks about 'surreal' moment the bomb detonated at their Manchester show Ariana Grande's mother Joan 'escorted terrified fans to safety and comforted them backstage' moments after explosion at singer's Manchester gig Ariana Grande's mentor Miley Cyrus shares throwback photo with star as she says she wants to give her 'big hug' after terrorist attack Flying Without Wings! Brad Pitt channels a vintage boyband look in all-white suit and sneakers at War Machine premiere in Tokyo Return of the Juice: OJ Simpson may soon be a free man as football star gets a July parole hearing which will likely lead to his release from prison 'It's a crashing blow!': Blake Shelton says it's hard on his ego when he goes out with Gwen Stefani because all the attention is on her Dating since 2015 Wonder Woman star Gal Gadot flashes a peace sign as she shows off slim post-baby body in blue dress while arriving at GMA Jennifer Lopez rocks crop top as she and James Corden hilariously mimic kid's dance moves in Toddlerography Late night fun  Making a splash! Hailey Baldwin enjoys sunbathing session on a luxury yacht before jumping into the sea to cool off with her model pal  in Cannes He's a true artist! Justin Theroux gives Conan O'Brien an impressive unicorn tattoo on his stomach Ssharing his love for body art  Shirtless silver fox Pierce Brosnan, 64, enjoys snorkel session on romantic beach date with swimsuit-clad wife Keely Shaye Smith in Hawaii 'I'm sorry about what happened': Orlando Bloom 'apologizes' to London waitress who was fired after they enjoyed a night of 'incredible sex' Viviana Ross steps out in London after Orlando Bloom 'apologizes' to her following 'night of passion' which cost wannabe actress her waitressing job Elegant Diane Kruger shows off her toned abs in a kooky flared peekaboo jumpsuit as she leads the A-list glamour at Agora lunch in Cannes Queen Elizabeth observes minute's silence for Manchester terror victims at Buckingham Prince as Prince William praises the city's 'strength' 'We are profoundly shocked and deeply distressed': Prince Charles and wife Camilla join Queen Elizabeth in expressing sympathy to victims UK bombing Late Carrie Fisher cuts a regal figure as she joins Star Wars cast in stunning magazine cover shoot to celebrate iconic movie franchise's 40th anniversary Look what I Cannes do! Swimsuit-clad Emma Thompson continues to display her flexibility as she reclines on husband Greg Wise during romantic day by the sea Lovestruck! Besotted Kourtney Kardashian, 38, rocks 'naked' dress as she enjoys night on the town with new beau Younes Bendjima, 23, in Cannes Leggy Nicole Kidman is a picture of elegance as she joins co-stars Elisabeth Moss and Gwendoline Christie at China Girl photocall in Cannes 'I just ad-libbed that': Tom Cruise reveals iconic Risky Business dance was made up on the spot ... and he only wore socks so he could slide on 'sticky' floor Heaven sent! Victoria's Secret Angel Sara Sampaio looks sensational in a pom-pom trimmed bikini as she soaks up the sunshine in Cannes  Look familiar? The VERY racy Dior gown that's sweeping the red carpet (and one model likes it so much she's worn it TWICE in one week)  'I am so so sorry': 'Broken' Ariana Grande posts emotional tweet and suspends her world tour after 22 are killed in terrorist attack at UK concert 'Broken hearted for the state of the world': Katy Perry and Taylor Swift lead celebrity tributes to victims of Manchester Arena terror attack at Ariana Grande gig Busty Pamela Anderson flaunts her famous assets as Kristin Scott Thomas oozes elegance in vibrant pink at the Harmonist Gala bash No one's looking at the shoe! Makeup free Amber Heard flaunts her taut abs in a crop top  as she jokes about the size of Aquaman co-star Jason Momoa's boot From eating dog treats to hallucinating with malaria - Rebel Wilson raps Oscar speech as she details upbringing in VERY unusual court appearance Dapper Colin Firth cuddles up to his wife Livia at Chopard lunch in Cannes... as the actor applies for British-Italian citizenship after being left 'horrified by Brexit' Taking the plunge! Glamorous girls CJ Franco and Lady Victoria Hervey flaunt their figures in matching low-cut ensembles at charity bash in Cannes Playing with the family dog: Rarely seen photos of a young Rebel Wilson show the Pitch Perfect star as a smiling little blonde girl and a freckle-faced teenager 'I haven't slept': Salma Hayek gete tearful while discussing Manchester bombing... as she reveals Ariana Grande is her daughter's favorite singer 'My thoughts and prayers are with everyone': James Corden pays tribute to Manchester after terrorist attack strikes Ariana Grande's concert Age-defying Andie MacDowell, 59, flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she steals the spotlight at Chopard party at Cannes Film Festival 'My Man Crush Monday!' Jennifer Lopez posts romantic snap with Alex Rodriguez... after he visits the singer on the set of her NBC series Shades Of Blue Her cups (almost) runneth over: Blake Lively looks on the verge of spilling out of her neon yellow gown at American Ballet Theater Spring Gala in NYC Mama does teach! Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon appears to have picked up the diva's ways as a male pal shields her from the rain  'My family really needs me': Justice League director Zack Snyder steps down following shock suicide of daughter Autumn, 20 Took her life in March Family time! Megan Fox steps out in leggings and silver sandals as she grabs lunch with husband Brian Austin Green and three sons 'You're the one with momentum': Rashad Jennings emerges as frontrunner as finalists compete on DWTS Emerged as the clear favorite A thorny situation! 'Sex addict' Scott Disick, 34, catches a flight out of LA with Bella Thorne, 19, after the two were seen on a 'date' A 15-year age gap Date night! Mariah Carey holds hands with on/off flame Bryan Tanaka at Nobu in Malibu Diva, 48, is 14 years older than boytoy dancer 'I didn't want to survive': Alan Thicke's widow Tanya Callau says she gave up on living after her husband's shock death Almost six months on ANOTHER stripper claims she had a threesome with Mel B and Stephen Belafonte... and insists Spice Girls star instigated the liaison Rachel Lindsay makes historic debut as star of The Bachelorette and reunites with schoolmate Fred Unexpectedly found herself in a reunion Baywatch bombshell! Kelly Rohrbach stuns in plunging black suit at New York screening of movie reboot The 27-year-old flashed a beaming grin Shirtless French Montana lets it all hang out as he parties on Miami beach with a bevy of bikini-clad beauties... days after being spotted with a buxom blonde No awkwardness here! Zac Efron joins Alexandra Daddario at Baywatch screening in NYC...after she shot down romance rumors Denied dating rumors Flawless! Model Christie Brinkley, 63, looks wrinkle-free in extreme closeup after admitting she relies on fillers Staying young Now THAT'S a little black dress! Kylie Jenner models sexy number from Kendall + Kylie collection Kylie showed off one of the hot new looks  Neighbors! Angelina Jolie purchases a new home in Los Feliz... Just five minutes away from the family home she once shared with ex Brad Pitt Make-up free Courtney Love, 52, looks solemn as she leaves London for LA... days after paying tribute to her 'darling boy' Chris Cornell following death Real Housewives' Danielle Staub 'engaged to longtime boyfriend Marty Caffrey' If Teresa Giudice can be believed, she's already been engaged 19 times Purple power! Adam Levine and Alicia Keys join proteges to pay tribute to Prince as finalists sing on The Voice Powerful homage A model landing: Doutzen Kroes sports kooky specs and a colour-clashing ensemble as she arrives in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival      DON'T MISS 'Fake news': Jamie Foxx sounds like Donald Trump as he unconvincingly denies he's dating Katie Holmes when fans spot him at LAX Busting out! Salma Hayek and Pamela Anderson have a cleavage showdown on tech billionaire Paul Allen's yacht party in Cannes 'I do love her and her kids': Russell Crowe gushes about his 'great friend' Terri Irwin... but claps back at rumors the pair are secretly dating Tangerine dream! Queen Maxima looks polished as she wears the Netherlands' national orange to attend a meeting in Amsterdam Oh mama! Blac Chyna shows off her TINY post-baby waist in a tight white tee as she goes roller-skating in Los Angeles Six months since birth  'She started it and it's time for her to finish it': Katy Perry blames Taylor Swift for feud as she tells James Corden she's 'ready for that BS to be done' A solemn Sophie Wessex observes a minute's silence for the victims of the Manchester terror attack as she visits the London Stock Exchange  Wine not? Smiling Bella Hadid cuts loose with a well deserved boozy meal with pals in Rome following glamorous Cannes appearances Oops she did it again...and again! Britney Spears shows off her sartorial style in FOUR different dresses on Instagram Feeling playful  The man who inks Hollywood: Tattoo artist Mark Mahoney is behind stars' etchings including Lady Gaga and Lana Del Rey (and Johnny Depp even calls him brother) PICTURED: The Bachelor's Ben Higgins is seen with Ashley Iaconetti at concert after Lauren Bushnell split... but he denies there's any romance Lady Gaga rocks orange wig and ruffled neon 'Oh' blouse on A Star is Born set with Bradley Cooper The 31-year-old Golden Globe winner  Moving along VERY Swift-ly! Taylor's new British beau Joe Alwyn 'relocating to the US to be closer to the hitmaker' Relationship heats up She's a good sport! New Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay wears Adidas sweatshirt as she attends Jimmy Kimmel taping Ready to be grilled Don't rain on her parade! Rose Byrne looks glum as she trudges through a New York storm... after slamming 'misogynistic' film producers She's got a spring in her step! Naomi Watts does a little dance down NYC street with her sons after her partner Liev Schreiber moves on with another woman Pucker up! The Mummy's Tom Cruise goes in for the kiss with stunning co-star Sofia Boutella after being mobbed by frenzied fans in Sydney Elle Fanning dazzles in nude feathered cocktail dress as Jessica Chastain sports a plunging teal number at Prada's Cannes Film Festival dinner  He's got a new Mask! Jim Carrey shows off his very bushy gray beard as he arrives to late night show in Hollywood Growing his facial hair Priyanka Chopra dazzles in a silver dress and heels for screening of Baywatch in NYC She plays antagonist Victoria Leeds  Now that's a VIP experience! Zac Efron surprises a thrilled Sydney fan by secretly trading places with her masseuse and giving her a private massage 'That's my girl!' Bristol Palin proudly shares video of her one-year-old daughter Sailor dipping her pacifier in a jar of NUTELLA before putting it back in her mouth Lindsay Lohan dons racy fishnet jumpsuit in Cannes.... and pens 'Netflix pilot about Russian oligarchs' The 30-year-old SAG Award nominee  Double bra-vo! Kendall Jenner flashes her abs in TWO tiny crop tops and bizarre PVC pants as she continues to live it up in Cannes When one isn't enough 'I fainted twice!': Spencer Pratt admits he passed out when wife Heidi Montag had her first ultrasound The 33-year-old reality star  His first mate! Gentleman Joe Jonas helps hotpants-wearing girlfriend Sophie Turner onto dry land after love boat cruise on the French Riviera Get a room! Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban continue their VERY public displays of affection as couple simply can't keep their hands to themselves Monica Bellucci, 52, makes a chic exit from the Cannes Film Festival as she breezes through Nice Airport in a stylish striped dress  Italian actress Blooming beautiful: Prince Harry's ex-girlfriend Cressida Bonas shows off her slender frame in a floral maxi skirt at London store launch Cops called to musician Moby's Hollywood home after 'obsessed stalker showed up despite being handed a restraining order' 'Where has it gone?!' Twitter users who thought Cher performed NAKED at the Billboard Music Awards share their confusion over her nude outfit  Michelle Obama bares her shoulders in a flirty strappy top as she and Barack are met by cheering crowds while visiting cathedral during their Tuscany vacation The power of Twitter! Rihanna and Lupita Nyong'o will co-star in film together after fans tweeted about the duo three years ago Movie for Netflix Robert Kennedy III is dating Starz mogul Chris Albrecht's ex-wife Robert Kennedy III is dating Montana Coady, the former wife of Star mogul Chris Albrecht EXCLUSIVE: Behind the façade of a demure First Lady, Jackie Kennedy was aloof, calculating  and left it to the nanny to tell kids about JFK's death Nicki Minaj brings clean water to impoverished Indian village with charitable donations A reputation for philanthropy Kate obeys five-second rule! Duchess drops a tomato then eats it from the FLOOR as she joins Queen Elizabeth and Mary Berry at Chelsea Flower Show in London Girls' night out! Sarah Ferguson joins daughters Beatrice and Eugenie at London's Savoy Hotel after joining Queen Elizabeth at the Chelsea Flower Show Forget duties!  Princess Estelle swings her baby brother and shows her mother Crown Princess Victoria who's boss at Stockholm palace 'I'm a woman, an artist': Katy Perry teases the release of her new album in cringeworthy video Continues to tease her fans Hollywood golden girl gone wild! Jennifer Lawrence whips off her top and turns pole dancer before gyrating with a man on racy night out at a strip club How to enhance ANY eye shape: From when to use shimmer shadow to how to line your lashes - celebrity make up artist reveals her top tips 'An extraordinary day with the most amazing woman': Hugh Jackman pays tribute to wife Deborra Lee Furness as the pair spend the day touring Tokyo  'It was like a wet T-shirt contest': Actress Annabelle Wallis talks about THAT titillating fight scene in The Mummy and how Tom Cruise stripped off 'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks shows off his tattooed torso as he wanders shirtless in low-slung trousers around Cannes Film Festival EXCLUSIVE: He 'Earned It'! The Weeknd scores an $18M lovenest for himself (and Selena Gomez) in Hidden Hills - just down road from rival Drake's $7.7M crib Nicole Kidman and husband Keith Urban indulge in a VERY sickly sweet PDA at premiere in Cannes... (after a flirty display with Colin Farrell)  The lady wears red! Katie Holmes looks sophisticated in strapless gown as she hits American Ballet Theater Spring Gala in NYC Classic with a twist! Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley highlights her growing baby bump in fitted LBD in Beverly Hills She's expecting Sarah Jessica Parker looks lovely in floral as she steps out with Matthew Broderick on the heels of their 20-year wedding anniversary Justin Bieber hangs with pastor pal Carl Lentz and his wife during a break from his Purpose World Tour They have known each other for nearly 10 years Dressed for work, work, work? Braless Rihanna masks her slinky figure in a HUGE boxy trouser suit at NYC benefit Businessman chic? Leah Remini teams up with former Scientology executive Mike Rinder as she continues to explore controversial religion in new A&E program 'I couldn't agree more!' Madonna has four-year-old daughter pose with pillow embroidered 'f*** cocaine' The Instagram snap Kim Kardashian reunites with Kanye West for family outing at Disneyland ...after rapper returns from making music in Wyoming Perfect in pink! Paris Hilton's younger sister Nicky cuts a fashionable figure in minidress at American Ballet Theater Spring Gala in NYC Stunning on the red carpet Drew Barrymore goes casual chic in denim shirt and sunhat as she bonds with daughter Olive in New York The 42-year-old actress was spotted bonding  'Milking it': Nicki Minaj posts very racy photo showing a woman adjusting her breast as she models rope bikini Never shies away from showing off her body Glamorous Sara Sampaio showcases her peachy derriere and saucy lingerie in sheer floor-length gown as she walks the red carpet at Cannes Film Festival Together for-Eva! Longoria and husband Jose Antonio Baston link arms as they wear matching navy to head to movie premiere afterparty in Cannes Kevin Hart jokingly announces he's running against The Rock for 2020 presidency... and adds his son, nine, will be his VP Another candidate? 'There's too much love to walk away': Sharon Osbourne defends decision to stick by husband Ozzy following his cheating scandal... as the duo 'renew vows His protégé? Love Child actress Sophia Forrest poses with Russell Crowe at The Mummy premiere, after her billionaire dad gave $400m to charity The white stuff! Pamela Anderson teams sheer tank with tiny shorts as she steps out in Miami after Cannes appearance She is 50 this year Bollywood star Sonam Kapoor showcases her enviable style in vibrant yellow two-piece in Cannes The 31-year-old beauty was vibrantly dressed No more drama! Worse for wear Kate Moss 'has furious fight with fellow party-goer' at Fashion For Relief bash in Cannes... until Mary J. Blige steps in to prevent things turning nasty Shahs Of Sunset star Golnesa 'GG' Gharachedaghi files for divorce after January wedding and asks that ex get no spousal support Chip off the old block! Russell Crowe's son Tennyson is the spitting image of his famous father as they pose for pictures at red carpet premiere  Fond memories? Model Jordan Barrett continues sharing snaps from his scantily-clad Cannes yacht party with supermodel Bella Hadid The Australian model Flower power! Elizabeth Olsen rocks a plunging 70s inspired dress as she joins Diane Kruger and a host of stars at designer Tory Burch's London launch Javier Bardem goes shirtless with swimsuit-clad wife Penelope Cruz at Miami hotel Spanish couple soaked up the sun Moment Prince George was driven to the church WITHOUT a seatbelt during Auntie Pippa's wedding  Three-year-old was standing as car moved  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Kate Moss, 43, suns herself in a bikini on a boat with 20-year-old topless model He is 23 years her junior A gingham girl! Reese Witherspoon, 41, looks half her age in sweet blue-and-white top as she smiles during stroll in LA In Brentwood, California Not your average ponytail! Cannes red carpet stars like Lily Collins show how YOU can reinvent classic beauty looks with simple tweaks for striking results All in a day's work! Jennifer Lopez pulls silly faces on Shades Of Blue set before slipping into comfy tracksuit for shopping in New York Pulling funny faces  A quality quartet! Nicole Kidman, 49, Eva Longoria, 42, Andie MacDowell, 59 and Juliette Binoche, 53, stun at screening of The Killing Of A Sacred Deer Sara Sampaio dares to bare in see-through white lace gown as she leads model beauties Jourdan Dunn, Izabel Goulart and Anja Rubik at Cannes Film Festival Wild Child! Kendall Jenner flaunts her perky posterior in a sultry leopard print swimsuit as she takes a break from her modelling duties in Cannes Circle of friends! Russell Crowe reveals he met Tom Cruise at a barbeque hosted by Naomi Watts and Tom's ex wife Nicole Kidman introduced them SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Mamma mia! Colin Firth applies for Italian citizenship after being 'horrified' by Brexit Off to new lands? That's amore! Charlie's Angels vet Jaclyn Smith, 71, looks youthful as she takes romantic trip to Europe with husband of 20 years Shared on Instagram Iskra Lawrence shares 'heavily retouched' old photos of herself, while admitting she once thought she had to look like slimmed-down pics in order to land jobs 'With a side of Blake!': Shelton playfully gets called out by Nicole Scherzinger for photobombing her snapshot with Gwen Stefani Former first daughters Barbara Bush and Chelsea Clinton speak on a panel in DC - while current first daughter Ivanka is 6,000 miles away in Israel with her father  Crystal clear! Charlize Theron stuns in plunging embellished gown alongside Salma Hayek and Marion Cotillard at star-studded jewelry bash during Cannes Film Festival Tissue for Dame Judi, please! Dench receives hundreds of 'Bless You's' as she sneezes at the Chelsea Flower Show  She is 82 As Olivia Culpo and Emily Ratajkowski rock interesting swimsuit silhouettes, shop FEMAIL's edit of bathing suits so chic they are worth the weird tan lines Kesha flashes her toned legs in tiny shorts as she enjoys pamper session in Santa Monica The 30-year-old Tik Tok hitmaker appeared to have had a mani-pedi  First day of Bill Cosby's jury selection ends with five people seated for the trial - after one third of prospective jurors say they or someone close to them has been assaulted 'I will be the artist formerly known as Billy Ray': Achy Breaky Heart singer will change his name to just Cyrus in August As of 'after August 25th'  Do The Russell! Katy Perry's teenage backup dancer 'Backpack Kid' steals the show with bizarre arm waving signature move and cold dead stare Burning rubber! Kendall Jenner sizzles in tight Latex bustier dress from new Kendall + Kylie line as she leans on a vintage convertible Fresh images of model Jonathan Rhys Meyers' girlfriend Mara Lane shares throwback photo posing topless with her HUGE baby bump a week before giving birth to the couple's son Wolf Universal Pictures announces Johnny Depp, Tom Cruise, Russell Crowe, Javier Bardem, Sofia Boutella are part of new Dark Universe franchise Out of retirement! David Letterman goes back to work... but only for a day as he guest hosts radio show Talked about American roots music  She loves fast food! Size FOUR Khloe Kardashian says she eats McDonald's, Taco Bell and KFC... but orders only the low-calorie options Day with daddy! Tom Brady smiles as daughter carries rainbow balloon... after wife Gisele Bundchen said he had a concussion last year 'She needs to watch her mouth': Abby Lee Miller fires back at Cheryl Burke after the star said the girls on Dance Mom are 'traumatized' by the vet Looking Al-Rita! Singer Ora teams love-themed T-shirt with tracksuit bottoms and vintage shades as she arrives in Cannes Kooky and casual  Single and ready to mingle! Leonardo DiCaprio chats it up with a pretty mystery brunette while out in LA... after splitting with Nina Agdal 'She's a family friend, we have always admired her fashion sense': Kendall Jenner says Kim's former BFF Paris Hilton inspired new Kendall + Kylie line Too early for my close up! Kylie Jenner covers up in baggy track pants as she leaves early morning photoshoot For once she didn't want to get noticed She has her hands full! Hilaria Baldwin looks strained as she carries son Leonardo while holding onto daughter  Carmen who is bedecked in jewels Wat-er delight! Kourtney Kardashian shows off some major sideboob as she and model sister Kendall Jenner enjoy a shower together in Cannes Priyanka Chopra flaunts cleavage... before slipping into leather to promote Baywatch movie She plays the villain in the new flick  Future besties! Pregnant Serena Williams shares selfie from pal Beyonce's African-themed 'push party' Both are expecting If only Pippa's toe-curling Best Man had asked me for advice, says GYLES BRANDRETH: I'd have told him no lewd gags - and DON'T compare the bride to a spaniel Kim Kardashian flaunts her famous curves and TINY waist in figure-hugging black frock as she arrives to film WWHL  with Andy Cohen in LA Fit for The King! A look  inside Elvis's private jet reveals red velvet seats and plush carpets as it goes to auction for $3.5M after 30 years sat in an 'aircraft boneyard'  Sasheer Zamata joins the Saturday Night Live exodus, leaving after four seasons making her the third cast member to leave this season Chris Martin's girlfriend Annabelle Wallis blows kisses as she joins Tom Cruise and Russell Crowe at the Australian premiere of The Mummy 'I thought I was going to die': Alec Baldwin opens about about his long battle with Lyme disease Star opened talked about hell he went through He's a knockout! Shirtless Justin Bieber shows off his tattooed torso and rippling abs as he works up a sweat doing workout in NYC boxing ring From one diva to another! Celine Dion delights fans by dancing along to Cher's performance of Believe while backstage at the Billboard Awards Just friends? Bachelor Ben Higgins attends Bryan Adams concert in LA with Ashley Iaconetti one week after splitting with fiancé Lauren Bushnell Wonder-ful Woman in white! Gal Gadot shows off ultra-toned arms in sleeveless turtleneck on press tour Wonder Woman actress looked stunning  So, what does Harry call her? Meghan Markle's real name is actually RACHEL - and she shares the same moniker with her character in Suits Revealed! James Matthews' best man's VERY lewd speech: Toe-curling address included jokes about buttocks and likening Pippa to a dog Today's headlines Most Read Faces of the Manchester massacre: Brave aunt killed shielding her niece, a teenager who dreamed of stardom,... EXCLUSIVE: First photos of Ariana Grande since Manchester attack show tearful pop star being comforted by... Theresa May warns a fresh terror attack is feared to be IMMINENT as she raises threat level to critical and... More than 24 hours on, desperate families still search forlornly for their missing mothers, sisters, sons... JAMES HARKIN: How Ariana Grande and her revealing stage outfits are a symbol of everything Islamists hate  ‘Like bits of fire’: Mother and daughter share photos of their injuries after ‘nail bomb’ terror attack in... Outrage at Milo Yiannopoulos after he criticized Ariana Grande for being 'pro-Islam and anti-America' just... Terrorist's brother arrested: Dramatic moment armed police swoop to arrest Ismail Abedi, 23, over his... SUE REID: How Manchester became a crucible of extremism with dozens of terrorists emerging from the city  PIERS MORGAN: The Manchester murderer may have been a 'lone wolf' but I refuse to believe NOBODY knew... SARAH VINE: They were young girls free to be whoever they want to be. That’s why the fanatics hate them  3,000 jihadis on the streets of Britain: Spies and counter-terror police are struggling to monitor a flood... Liberated and confident, the star whose school-age fans known as Arianators became targets of a fanatic  Aaron Hernandez's hell behind bars: NFL star killed himself after being repeatedly attacked by inmates,... 'Unbelievable job on the drug problem': Trump's PRAISE for murderous Philipine leader Rodrigo Duterte is... Terror scare at Atlanta Braves baseball game as scoreboard flashes up huge evacuation order and sirens go... How much sleep should women have at every stage of life? From teenagers to mothers and full-time workers,... 'This is such a great honor!' Trump meets the Pope at the Vatican for a private audience as he completes his... Will there be a kiss of peace? Trump will meet the Pope for the first time since Catholic leader said... Hillary Clinton blasts Trump's budget for showing an 'unimaginable level of cruelty' and 'disdain' for... She STILL doesn't wanna hold his hand: Melania leaves Donald grabbing air as they disembark Air Force One in... EXCLUSIVE: Family of slain DNC staffer Seth Rich demands D.C. police reveal details of its murder... Hannity says he will not discuss murder of DNC staffer 'out of respect for the family's wishes' as Fox... Billy Bush apologizes to former Access Hollywood co-host Nancy O'Dell over 'p****gate' tape of Trump talking... Colbert CLEARED over homophobic slur on Trump as Federal Communications Commission says 'c***holster' joke... The shocking moment a middle school teacher starts fighting her assistant DURING class as horrified students... Terror on United flight as plane catches fire and passengers are forced to evacuate down slides on the... Man dressed as a clown stabs a man to death with razor blade gloves outside a taco restaurant Inside the wedding of the year, the first photographs of Pippa's flower-laden $120,000 glass 'porta-palace'  MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: First photos of Ariana Grande since Manchester attack show tearful pop star being comforted by her boyfriend as she's whisked off a private jet and into an SUV caravan 'He was chanting Islamic prayers loudly in the street': Neighbours of British-born suicide bomber - a keen Manchester United fan and son of airport security worker - tell of his 'strange behaviour' in the weeks before deadly attack  Theresa May warns a fresh terror attack is feared to be IMMINENT as she raises threat level to critical and orders 5,000 troops onto the streets after attack by British-born Libyan Salman Abedi  Mother who was critically injured in the Manchester terror attack has no idea her youngest daughter, 8, is dead as she lies unconscious in hospital  EXCLUSIVE: Family of slain DNC staffer Seth Rich demands D.C. police reveal details of its murder investigation after reports claimed he may have been the source of Wikileaks emails EXCLUSIVE: Ariana Grande's hero mom - who helped bring her terrified fans to safety - arrives back home in Florida Faces of the Manchester massacre: Brave aunt killed shielding her niece, a teenager who dreamed of stardom, friends waiting for their children, and a girl whose injured mother doesn’t know she’s dead  So much for diplomacy! Smirking Israeli ambassador to the US puts his head in his hand after Trump implies Israel is not in the Middle East PIERS MORGAN: The Manchester murderer may have been a 'lone wolf' but I refuse to believe NOBODY knew ANYTHING. As Trump said, Muslims must Drive. Them. Out. Woman, 19, arrested in Mississippi just TWO WEEKS after she got married for 'having a threesome with a male colleague, 30, and female co-worker, 26, on the open deck of a family bar' She STILL doesn't wanna hold his hand: Melania leaves Donald grabbing air as they disembark Air Force One in Rome  Aaron Hernandez's hell behind bars: NFL star killed himself after being repeatedly attacked by inmates, devouring 20 Honey Buns on one night of desperation and even EATING his letters so guards could not confiscate them ‘Like bits of fire’: Mother and daughter share photos of their injuries after ‘nail bomb’ terror attack in Manchester Heiress and actress Dina Merrill, who spent her childhood wintering at her mother's Mar-a-Lago estate, passes away aged 93 Brave aunt, 32, is killed shielding her young niece from the deadly blast in Manchester Arena her heartbroken family reveal  Virginia woman in 'fake homeless video' is arrested after 'two men expose her for begging for money when she owns a 2014 Fiat' Terrorist's brother arrested: Dramatic moment armed police swoop to arrest Ismail Abedi, 23, over his sibling's arena massacre 'You almost killed me, dude!' Terrifying moment Harley Davidson biker is dragged along by car after crash as driver refuses to stop  'I saw the killer': Mother claims she stood just 15ft from Manchester Arena suicide bomber as second witness says 'only his legs were left' after the blast  KATIE HOPKINS: Despite all the politicians’ clichés of bravery, there is a sickness in our society - and I fear it’s terminal Manchester on the edge: Screaming shoppers flee as Arndale shopping centre is evacuated over arrest 'unconnected' to concert massacre as the city remains on high alert  Outrage at Milo Yiannopoulos after he criticized Ariana Grande for being 'pro-Islam and anti-America' just hours after suicide bomber killed 22 people and wounded 59 at her Manchester concert More than 24 hours on, desperate families still search forlornly for their missing mothers, sisters, sons and daughters who disappeared in bomb chaos 'Jihadist' praises Manchester bombing and chants 'Allahu Akbar' as he claims 'this is only the beginning' of terror attacks by 'the lions of the Islamic State' 'It was the worst day of my life': Bravo reality star reveals his sister, 9, fell to her death off a cliff during family hike in tragic childhood accident 'A n*****'s calling me ignorant?' Racist woman launches tirades against Mexican and black shoppers... telling a Latina woman to 'go back where she came from' Virginity for sale to the highest bidder: Teenager, 18, becomes the latest to offer herself to paying perverts on website that boasts it has doctors verify girls have not had sex  'Beautiful little girl', 8, is youngest victim of Manchester terror blast as mother and sister recover from injuries in separate hospitals Bomber from a red brick semi who 'knew an ISIS recruiter': British-born Manchester United fan is the son of refugees, 'chanted Islamic prayers in the street' and was known to MI5 after 'terrorism training in Libya' MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi ViaSat Announces Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2017 Results - Fiscal year 2017 set multiple new records including awards of $1.7 billion and revenues of $1.6 billion - Operating cash flow generation hit highest level in Company history at $411.3 million for fiscal 2017, supporting next-generation satellite platform investments and satellite construction - Fiscal year 2017 revenue up 10%, with new record revenues achieved in Satellite Services and Government Systems segments - ViaSat-2 satellite scheduled to launch on June 1, 2017 from the Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana News provided by ViaSat, Inc. 23 May, 2017, 16:05 ET Share this article CARLSBAD, Calif., May 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- ViaSat Inc. (NASDAQ: VSAT), a global broadband services and technology company, today announced financial results for the fiscal fourth quarter ended March 31, 2017. "Our strong fourth quarter wrapped up a fiscal year that featured multiple performance records including revenue, cash flow from operations and new contract awards," said Mark Dankberg, chairman and CEO of ViaSat. "Performance for both the quarter and full fiscal year were driven by our satellite services operations across the residential, aero and government mobility markets, and outstanding results from our government business, where we are capitalizing on our unique market position and capabilities. With our ViaSat-2 launch scheduled for June 1, we are poised to again set a new benchmark for low-cost bandwidth delivery and we're making great progress with R&D investments in the ViaSat-3 program. Our strategy is simple: we want to lead the way with the highest speeds and the most bandwidth at the lowest total cost, an approach that will continue to redefine global bandwidth economics and open significant opportunities for ViaSat to disrupt multiple markets." Financial Results (In millions, except per share data) Q4 FY17 Q4 FY16 Year-Over- Year Change FY17 FY16 Year- Over-Year Change Revenues $ 416.4 $ 372.0 12.0% $ 1,559.3 $ 1,417.4 10.0% Net income1  $ 6.7 $ 4.5 49.4% $ 23.8 $ 21.7 9.3% Non-GAAP net income1 $ 18.5 $ 14.3 29.3% $ 65.6 $ 61.0 7.5% Adjusted EBITDA $ 83.5 $ 80.7 3.5% $ 340.8 $ 330.7 3.1% Diluted per share net income1 $ 0.11 $ 0.09 22.2% $ 0.45 $ 0.44 2.3% Non-GAAP diluted per share net income1 $ 0.32 $ 0.29 10.3% $ 1.23 $ 1.23 0.0% Fully diluted weighted average shares 58.4 49.8 17.4% 53.4 49.4 8.0% New contract awards $ 385.6 $ 451.2 (14.5)% $ 1,661.7 $ 1,483.3 12.0% Sales backlog2,5 $ 1,024.4 $ 941.9 8.8% $ 1,024.4 $ 941.9 8.8% Segment Results (In millions) Q4 FY17 Q4 FY16 Year-Over- Year Change FY17 FY16 Year- Over-Year Change Satellite Services   New contract awards $ 153.0 $ 135.2 13.2% $ 597.2 $ 511.1 16.8%   Revenues $ 160.9 $ 145.4 10.6% $ 629.6 $ 559.2 12.6%   Operating profit3 $ 32.8 $ 22.0 49.3% $ 131.1 $ 81.8 60.2%   Adjusted EBITDA $ 75.0 $ 63.7 17.9% $ 297.4 $ 243.7 22.1% Commercial Networks   New contract awards $ 51.3 $ 74.6 (31.3)% $ 213.8 $ 228.0 (6.3)%   Revenues $ 59.1 $ 62.2 (5.0)% $ 244.6 $ 250.7 (2.4)%   Operating loss3 $ (52.5) $ (40.4) (29.9)% $ (180.5) $ (111.3) (62.1)%   Adjusted EBITDA $ (36.5) $ (26.6) (37.4)% $ (119.0) $ (56.5) (110.4)% Government Systems   New contract awards $ 181.3 $ 241.4 (24.9)% $ 850.7 $ 744.2 14.3%   Revenues $ 196.5 $ 164.4 19.5% $ 685.1 $ 607.5 12.8%   Operating profit 3 $ 25.6 $ 28.7 (10.9)% $ 96.7 $ 87.1 11.0%   Adjusted EBITDA4 $ 45.0 $ 43.6 3.1% $ 162.3 $ 143.6 13.1% 1 Attributable to ViaSat, Inc. common stockholders. 2 Amounts include certain backlog adjustments due to contract changes and amendments. 3 Before corporate and amortization of acquired intangible assets. 4 Government Systems' segment Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 has been adjusted to exclude noncontrolling interest, net of tax. 5 Backlog does not include anticipated equipment purchase orders or future recurring internet service revenues under commercial in-flight internet agreements, nor does it include contracts with ViaSat's residential broadband internet subscribers. Satellite Services ViaSat's Satellite Services segment achieved strong growth in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017 driven primarily by its diverse broadband service offerings, generating an 11% year-over-year revenue increase to a new record high of $160.9 million. Operating profit and Adjusted EBITDA both grew faster than revenue, as operating profit grew significantly, rising 49% to $32.8 million and Adjusted EBITDA increased 18% to $75.0 million. Fiscal 2017 fourth quarter Adjusted EBITDA margins also remained high at 47%, up from 44% in the same quarter last year. Highlights for the quarter include: Continued interest in premium, higher bandwidth broadband internet plans, plus growth in value-added services continued to drive gains in the residential broadband business, with an Average Revenue Per User (ARPU) of $66.02, up 13% year-over-year. This increase more than offset the effects of the slight decrease in the number of residential subscribers, which totaled approximately 659,000 subscribers at the close of fiscal year 2017. On March 3, 2017, ViaSat and Eutelsat Communications closed their European broadband strategic partnering arrangement, with ViaSat acquiring a 49% interest in Eutelsat's wholesale services business for $139.5 million. A second entity, which is 51% owned by ViaSat, will focus on providing retail broadband internet services in the European region. In-flight connectivity business grew strongly with in-flight internet services now deployed on 559 commercial aircraft as of March 31, 2017, which was approximately 85 more aircraft than the end of fiscal year 2016. Now covering more than 90% of the world's most frequently traveled flight paths, ViaSat's in-flight internet services business continued to expand globally. Following the close of fiscal year 2017, ViaSat had more than 830 commercial aircraft in install backlog. Specific to commercial airline customers: JetBlue announced it became the only airline to offer free, high-speed Wi-Fi at every seat – using ViaSat's in-flight internet service. Subsequent to the 2017 fiscal year end, Qantas held the first high-speed, high-performance connectivity media flight in Australia; marking a successful trial for ViaSat and partner, nbn™. Following the close of fiscal year 2017, ViaSat announced Icelandair as the first airline to bring high-speed connectivity and internet streaming to transatlantic flights using ViaSat's in-flight internet system. Fiscal 2017 Satellite Services segment results also reflected multiple record highs, with revenue growth of 13% to $629.6 million, an operating profit increase of 60% year-over-year to $131.1 million and Adjusted EBITDA of $297.4 million, up 22% over the same period last year. Commercial Networks In the fiscal fourth quarter of 2017, ViaSat's Commercial Networks segment activities were heavily focused on the Company's ViaSat-3 project, a next-generation satellite platform designed to deliver over 1 Terabit per second (Tbps) of high throughput Ka-band broadband capacity. These anticipated ViaSat-3 investments coupled with next-gen mobility solutions and supplement type certificate (STC) activities supporting recent commercial airline wins, drove R&D expenses up year–over-year by 77%. Additionally, quarterly revenues were down 5% compared to the same period last year. As a result, segment operating losses were higher and Adjusted EBITDA was lower for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017, as compared to the same period last year. Highlights for the quarter include: The launch of ViaSat-2 was somewhat further delayed due to civil unrest in French Guiana, the location of the ViaSat-2 launch site. ViaSat-2 is now scheduled to launch on June 1, 2017, with broadband services expected to be available in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018 following in-orbit testing. Development of first flight hardware for the ViaSat-3 program remained on track and is expected to begin arriving in ViaSat's Tempe, Arizona satellite integration facility in late calendar year 2017. Following the close of fiscal 2017, ViaSat introduced its Gen-2 in-flight internet equipment for the ViaSat-2 and ViaSat-3 class satellite platforms. The Gen-2 equipment is expected to offer commercial and government aircraft even faster and higher-quality in-flight internet performance as compared to ViaSat's prior generation system. Fiscal 2017 Commercial Networks segment revenues were lower, operating loss was higher and Adjusted EBITDA was lower compared to the same period last year. Earnings decreases were primarily a result of the Company's fiscal year 2017 ViaSat-3 R&D activities. Government Systems In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017, ViaSat's Government Systems segment revenues increased 20% to a record $196.5 million, and Adjusted EBITDA grew 3% to $45.0 million, compared to the prior year period, while the operating profit was slightly lower by $3.1 million. Included in the Company's fourth quarter and fiscal 2017 results was a loss contingency reserve recorded by ViaSat's 52% majority-owned subsidiary TrellisWare. This reserve impacted fiscal fourth quarter of 2017 consolidated and segment operating profit by a total amount of $11.8 million; with a net effect after noncontrolling interest impacts to net income attributable to ViaSat, Inc. common stockholders of $4.0 million or $0.07 per diluted share and Adjusted EBITDA of $8.1 million (See Table: 'An Itemized Reconciliation between Segment Operating Profit (Loss) Before Corporate, Amortization of Acquired Intangibles and Adjusted EBITDA'). Excluding the impacts of this reserve, year-over-year segment operating profits and Adjusted EBITDA for the fiscal fourth quarter of 2017 would have grown by 30% and 22%, respectively. Highlights for the quarter include: Record year-to-date segment contract awards of $850.7 million, reflecting a 1.2 to 1 book-to-bill ratio, supported strong segment backlog of $633.3 million, a 30% increase over the same period last year. Revenue growth in the quarter and year-to-date was driven by ViaSat's cybersecurity and information assurance, tactical data link and tactical satellite communication radio products. Global mobile broadband service revenues were boosted by increased satellite service subscriptions for senior U.S. government leader aircraft in both the quarter and year-to-date periods. Following the close of fiscal year 2017, the KOR-24A Small Tactical Terminal (STT) airborne radio continued to expand its presence on a number of U.S. and Allied radio programs and platforms, including the Boeing AV-8B Harrier aircraft. ViaSat's Government Systems segment performance for fiscal year 2017 included a number of new record highs: revenue growth of 13% to $685.1 million, operating profit growth of 11% to $96.7 million and Adjusted EBITDA growth of 13% to $162.3 million compared to fiscal 2016. Conference Call ViaSat will host a conference call to discuss the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2017 results.  Details follow: DATE/TIME: Tuesday, May 23, 2017 at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time DIAL-IN: (877) 640-9809 in the U.S.; (914) 495-8528 international WEBCAST: investors.viasat.com. REPLAY: Available from 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time on Tuesday, May 23 until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on Wednesday, May 24 by dialing (855) 859-2056 for U.S. callers and (404) 537-3406 for international callers; conference ID 24663268. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include, among others, statements that refer to opportunities, growth and outlook for fiscal year 2018 and beyond; satellite construction and launch activities; including the launch, in-orbit testing and entry into service of the ViaSat-2 satellite; the performance and benefits of our ViaSat-2 and ViaSat-3 class satellites; the expected completion, capacity, service, coverage, service speeds, availability and other features of our satellites, and the timing, cost, economics and other benefits associated therewith; the development and performance of equipment and hardware for the ViaSat-2 and ViaSat-3 class satellite platforms and the benefits associated therewith; international expansion plans; our strategic partnering arrangement with Eutelsat and the costs, economics and other benefits associated therewith; and the roll-out and uptake of products and services by, and services offered by, our airline partners as well as our commercial networks and government systems customers. Readers are cautioned that actual results could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ include: our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the ViaSat-2 and ViaSat-3 class satellites; unexpected expenses related to our satellite projects; our ability to successfully implement our business plan for our broadband satellite services on our anticipated timeline or at all; risks associated with the construction, launch and operation of our satellites, including the effect of any anomaly, operational failure or degradation in satellite performance; our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our strategic partnership arrangement with Eutelsat; our ability to successfully develop, introduce and sell new technologies, products and services; audits by the U.S. government; changes in the global business environment and economic conditions; delays in approving U.S. government budgets and cuts in government defense expenditures; our reliance on U.S. government contracts, and on a small number of contracts which account for a significant percentage of our revenues; reduced demand for products and services as a result of continued constraints on capital spending by customers; changes in relationships with, or the financial condition of, key customers or suppliers; our reliance on a limited number of third parties to manufacture and supply our products; increased competition; introduction of new technologies and other factors affecting the communications and defense industries generally; the effect of adverse regulatory changes on our ability to sell products and services; our level of indebtedness and ability to comply with applicable debt covenants; our involvement in litigation, including intellectual property claims and litigation to protect our proprietary technology; and our dependence on a limited number of key employees. In addition, please refer to the risk factors contained in our SEC filings available at www.sec.gov, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements for any reason. About ViaSat ViaSat, Inc. (NASDAQ: VSAT) keeps the world connected. As a global broadband services and technology company, ViaSat ensures consumers, businesses, governments and military personnel have communications access – anywhere – whether on the ground or in-flight. The Company's innovations in designing highest-capacity satellites and secure ground infrastructure and terminal technologies coupled with its international network of managed Wi-Fi hotspots enable ViaSat to deliver a best available network that extends the reach and accessibility of broadband internet service, globally. For more information, visit: www.viasat.com, or follow ViaSat on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn or YouTube. Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information To supplement ViaSat's consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), ViaSat uses non-GAAP net income (loss) attributable to ViaSat Inc. and Adjusted EBITDA, measures ViaSat believes are appropriate to enhance an overall understanding of ViaSat's past financial performance and prospects for the future. We believe the non-GAAP results provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding specific expenses that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results. In addition, since we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community, we believe the inclusion of non-GAAP numbers provides consistency in our financial reporting and facilitates comparisons to the Company's historical operating results. Further, these non-GAAP results are among the primary indicators that management uses as a basis for evaluating the operating performance of our segments, allocating resources to such segments, planning and forecasting in future periods. The presentation of this additional information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of specific adjustments to GAAP results is provided in the tables below. Copyright © 2017 ViaSat, Inc. All rights reserved. ViaSat, and the ViaSat logo, are registered trademark of ViaSat, Inc. All other product or company names mentioned are used for identification purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective owners. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) (In thousands, except per share data) Three months ended  Twelve months ended March 31, 2017 March 31, 2016 March 31, 2017 March 31, 2016 Revenues: Product revenues $          196,451 $          176,523 $          713,936 $          664,821 Service revenues 219,968 195,441 845,401 752,610 Total revenues 416,419 371,964 1,559,337 1,417,431 Operating expenses: Cost of product revenues 141,942 133,414 524,026 489,246 Cost of service revenues 132,159 129,125 524,949 495,099 Selling, general and administrative 96,562 77,536 333,468 298,345 Independent research and development 39,857 21,615 129,647 77,184 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 3,223 2,780 10,788 16,438 Income from operations 2,676 7,494 36,459 41,119 Interest expense, net (66) (5,990) (11,075) (23,522) Income before income taxes  2,610 1,504 25,384 17,597 (Benefit from) provision for income taxes (1,639) (2,883) 3,617 (4,173) Net income 4,249 4,387 21,767 21,770 Less: net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of tax (2,401) (63) (2,000) 29 Net income attributable to ViaSat Inc.  $              6,650 $              4,450 $            23,767 $            21,741 Diluted net income per share attributable to ViaSat Inc. common stockholders $                0.11 $                0.09 $                0.45 $                0.44 Diluted common equivalent shares 58,425 49,782 53,396 49,445 AN ITEMIZED RECONCILIATION BETWEEN NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO VIASAT INC. ON A GAAP BASIS AND NON-GAAP BASIS IS AS FOLLOWS: Three months ended Twelve months ended March 31, 2017 March 31, 2016 March 31, 2017 March 31, 2016 GAAP net income attributable to ViaSat Inc. $              6,650 $              4,450 $            23,767 $            21,741 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 3,223 2,780 10,788 16,438 Stock-based compensation expense 15,852 13,194 55,775 47,510 Acquisition related expenses - - 615 - Income tax effect (7,266) (6,143) (25,372) (24,664) Non-GAAP net income attributable to ViaSat Inc. $            18,459 $            14,281 $            65,573 $            61,025 Non-GAAP diluted net income per share attributable to ViaSat Inc. common stockholders $                0.32 $                0.29 $                1.23 $                1.23 Diluted common equivalent shares 58,425 49,782 53,396 49,445 AN ITEMIZED RECONCILIATION BETWEEN NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO VIASAT INC. AND ADJUSTED EBITDA IS AS FOLLOWS: Three months ended Twelve months ended March 31, 2017 March 31, 2016 March 31, 2017 March 31, 2016 GAAP net income attributable to ViaSat Inc. $              6,650 $              4,450 $            23,767 $            21,741 (Benefit from) provision for income taxes (1,639) (2,883) 3,617 (4,173) Interest expense, net 66 5,990 11,075 23,522 Depreciation and amortization 62,524 59,914 245,922 242,076 Stock-based compensation expense 15,852 13,194 55,775 47,510 Acquisition related expenses - - 615 - Adjusted EBITDA $            83,453 $            80,665 $          340,771 $          330,676 AN ITEMIZED RECONCILIATION BETWEEN SEGMENT OPERATING PROFIT (LOSS) BEFORE CORPORATE AND AMORTIZATION OF ACQUIRED INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND ADJUSTED EBITDA IS AS FOLLOWS: (In thousands) Three months ended March 31, 2017  Three months ended March 31, 2016 Satellite Services Commercial Networks Government Systems Total Satellite Services Commercial Networks Government Systems Total Segment operating profit (loss) before corporate and amortization of acquired intangible assets $  32,822 $     (52,499) $      25,576 $    5,899 $  21,981 $     (40,411) $      28,704 $  10,274 Depreciation * 34,724 6,093 8,988 49,805 35,025 4,928 8,692 48,645 Stock-based compensation expense 3,569 6,172 6,111 15,852 3,193 5,252 4,749 13,194 Other amortization 3,898 3,719 1,879 9,496 3,451 3,650 1,388 8,489 Acquisition related expenses - - - - - - - - Noncontrolling interests - - 2,401 2,401 - - 63  **  63 Adjusted EBITDA  $  75,013 $     (36,515) $      44,955 $  83,453 $  63,650 $     (26,581) $      43,596  **  $  80,665 Twelve months ended March 31, 2017 Twelve months ended March 31, 2016 Satellite Services Commercial Networks Government Systems Total Satellite Services Commercial Networks Government Systems Total Segment operating profit (loss) before corporate and amortization of acquired intangible assets $131,085 $   (180,496) $      96,658 $  47,247 $  81,830 $   (111,339) $      87,066 $  57,557 Depreciation * 141,108 24,483 35,095 200,686 137,541 21,693 33,852 193,086 Stock-based compensation expense 11,917 22,225 21,633 55,775 10,798 19,029 17,683 47,510 Other amortization 13,136 14,631 6,681 34,448 13,499 14,068 4,985 32,552 Acquisition related expenses 190 179 246 615 - - - - Noncontrolling interests - - 2,000 2,000 - - (29)  **  (29) Adjusted EBITDA $297,436 $   (118,978) $    162,313 $340,771 $243,668 $     (56,549) $    143,557  **  $330,676 * Depreciation expenses not specifically recorded in a particular segment have been allocated based on other indirect allocable costs, which management believes is a reasonable method.  ** Government systems segment Adjusted EBITDA has been adjusted to exclude noncontrolling interest, net of tax. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) (In thousands) As of As of As of As of Assets March 31, 2017 March 31, 2016 Liabilities and Equity March 31, 2017 March 31, 2016 Current assets:  Current liabilities:  Cash and cash equivalents $        130,098 $          42,088  Accounts payable  $        100,270 $          95,645 Accounts receivable, net 263,721 286,724  Accrued liabilities  225,247 184,344 Inventories 163,201 145,161  Total current liabilities  325,517 279,989 Prepaid expenses and other current assets*** 57,836 47,583  Senior Notes, net***  575,380 575,304 Total current assets 614,856 521,556  Other long-term debt, net***  273,103 370,224  Other liabilities  42,722 37,371  Total liabilities  1,216,722 1,262,888 Property, equipment and satellites, net 1,648,878 1,385,107 Other acquired intangible assets, net 41,677 33,604  Total ViaSat Inc. stockholders' equity  1,734,618 1,129,103 Goodwill 119,876 117,040  Noncontrolling interest in subsidiaries  3,313 5,321 Other assets*** 529,366 340,005  Total equity  1,737,931 1,134,424 Total assets $      2,954,653 $      2,397,312  Total liabilities and equity  $      2,954,653 $      2,397,312 *** The Company adopted Accounting Standards Updated 2015-03 Interest — Imputation of Interest (ASC 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs retrospectively during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and resultantly reclassified unamortized debt issuance costs as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the Senior Notes and other long-term debt for all periods presented.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/viasat-announces-fourth-quarter-and-fiscal-year-2017-results-300462708.html SOURCE ViaSat, Inc. Related Links http://www.viasat.com 22 May, 2017, 16:05 ET Preview: Boeing Taps ViaSat's Small Tactical Terminal for the U.S. Marine Corps' AV-8B Harrier Attack Aircraft Program My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 22 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Boeing Taps ViaSat's Small Tactical Terminal for the U.S. Marine... 22 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Icelandair Becomes First Airline to Bring High-Speed Connectivity... Explore More news releases in similar topics Internet Technology Computer Electronics Carriers and Services Earnings You just read: ViaSat Announces Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2017 Results News provided by ViaSat, Inc. 23 May, 2017, 16:05 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN By William Harwood CBS News May 23, 2017, 3:12 PM Trump seeks $19.1 billion for NASA in budget request NASA acting Administrator Robert Lightfoot unveiled the Trump administration's fiscal 2018 $19.1 billion budget request for the space space agency in a televised address to employees. NASA TV Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email The Trump administration's fiscal 2018 budget request includes $19.1 billion for NASA, a $561 million decrease over previously enacted levels that would reduce the number of Earth science missions, eliminate the agency's education office and do away with the Obama administration's plans to robotically retrieve a piece of an asteroid as a precursor to eventual flights to Mars. The budget closely reflects the administration's blueprint, released in March, and overall, NASA's acting administrator said America's space program remains healthy and suffered relatively modest cuts compared to other federal agencies. "What this budget tells us to do is keep going, keep doing what we've been doing, very important for us to maintain that course and move forward as an agency with all the great things we're doing," Robert Lightfoot told agency employees in a televised address. "We've got $19.1 billion as an agency, and it really reflects the president and the administration's confidence in us moving forward. I think you guys can take a lot of confidence in that when you see what's happening and the overall pressure on the budget in the entire country. We did really well." The budget continues robust support for the $8.6 billion James Webb Space Telescope, the long-awaited successor to the Hubble Space Telescope that is scheduled for launch next year, two robotic Mars landers, a planned mission to study Jupiter's enigmatic moon Europa from orbit -- a lander is excluded -- and two probes designed to study asteroids. 40 Photos Breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space Relatively minor cuts were imposed on the agency's heavy lift Space Launch System rocket and Orion deep space crew capsule, the centerpieces of plans to move beyond low-Earth orbit, first with flights to the vicinity of the moon in the 2020s followed by eventual flights to Mars in the 2030s. "We've had a horizon goal for some time now of reaching Mars, and this budget sustains that work and also provides the resources to keep exploring our solar system and look beyond it," Lightfoot said in a statement. "And, it enables us to keep innovating and creating the technologies that will take us to deep space and improve the aeronautics systems on which all of us rely." The International Space Station remains fully funded as do commercially-procured cargo missions launched by SpaceX and Orbital ATK. Funding for continued development of commercial crew ships being built by SpaceX and Boeing to ferry astronauts to and from the space station is reduced in the new budget request but that was expected given the companies are nearing flight readiness. The Trump administration favors such public-private partnerships and NASA management seems to concur. "The budget supports and expands public-private partnerships as the foundation of future U.S. civilian space efforts," Lightfoot said in a preface to the budget document. "Such partnerships have enabled American industry to provide cargo resupply services for the International Space Station and the imminent return of the capability to launch astronauts from American soil. "The budget creates new opportunities for collaboration with industry in space station operations, deep space habitation, Earth observation and the development of new technologies. ... Our missions help develop our evolving industrial base, which strengthens our economic and national security, and give our nation greater capabilities and flexibility to achieve challenging exploration goals." An artist's impression of the James Webb Space Telescope, the successor to NASA's Hubble Space Telescope and the most expensive science spacecraft ever built. The JWST is scheduled for launch late next year. NASA Space science, which includes missions to study Earth, other planets in the solar system, astrophysics, solar physics and space weather, would receive $5.7 billion under the Trump administration's budget request, about $53 million less than in the enacted FY '17 budget. The Trump administration has made no secret of its skepticism about global warming and its presumed causes and impacts and as expected, the budget eliminates funding for five Earth science missions and instruments. Earth science would receive $1.8 billion overall, reflecting a reduction of nearly $170 million. "The hard choices are still there, and we can't do everything," Lightfoot said. But the budget "still includes significant Earth science efforts, including 18 Earth observing missions in space as well as airborne missions." Play Video CBS This Morning Is there life on Jupiter and Saturn's moons? A major new discovery by NASA could bring us closer to finding life elsewhere in our solar system. Scientists said Thursday that moons orbiting J... Planetary science would receive $1.9 billion under the president's budget, funding continued development of the InSight Mars lander, scheduled for launch in 2018, the Mars 2020 rover and continued design and development of the Europa Clipper, a multi-billion-dollar "flagship" mission that would fly in the mid 2020s. The Europa Clipper would receive $425 million in the new budget. Some $817 million is earmarked for astrophysics, including continued support for the Hubble Space Telescope and the Wide-Field Infrared Survey Telescope -- WFIRST -- while a separately budgeted $534 million will go to the James Webb Space Telescope. Solar physics would receive $678 million, supporting launch of two sun-study missions. Overall, the science budget supports continued development of about 30 missions and operational support for more than 60 active projects. Human exploration and ground systems is budgeted at $3.9 billion, covering ongoing development of the SLS mega rocket and the Orion crew capsule. Space operations, which includes costs to operate the International Space Station, runs $4.7 billion with another $679 million earmarked for advanced space technology development, including high-power solar-electric propulsion and high-speed laser communications systems. Aeronautics research -- the A in NASA -- would receive $640 million under the president's budget request. Funding for NASA's education office will be cut from $100 million to $37 million, enough to close down operations across the agency. "While this budget no longer supports the formal Office of Education, NASA will continue to inspire the next generation through its missions and the many ways that our work excites and encourages discovery by learners and educators," Lightfoot said. "We are as committed to inspiring the next generation as ever." © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email William Harwood Bill Harwood has been covering the U.S. space program full-time since 1984, first as Cape Canaveral bureau chief for United Press International and now as a consultant for CBS News. He covered 129 space shuttle missions, every interplanetary flight since Voyager 2's flyby of Neptune and scores of commercial and military launches. Based at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, Harwood is a devoted amateur astronomer and co-author of "Comm Check: The Final Flight of Shuttle Columbia." Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Space Archaeology Snitches Operation Car Wash Enemy of the State Cook County Jail Play Video Sanctuary Play Video Cook County Jail Play Video Enemy of the State Play Video Manchester investigation latest Play Video Taxi driver helps concertgoers Play Video Security level raised Play Video Intel chiefs testify Play Video Breast cancer and one drink Play Video Vigil of peace Previous Next 64 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 57 Photos Cannes Film Festival 2017 36 Photos 2017 Billboard Music Awards highlights 37 Photos The style of Vespa 39 Photos BMW's Art Cars Previous Next Most Discussed Former FBI head Robert Mueller appointed special counsel Former CIA chief says there were contacts between Russia and Trump aides Trump slams media, critics in Coast Guard Academy speech Trump says, "I never mentioned the word or name Israel" to Russians UK police: 22 confirmed dead after terror incident at Ariana Grande concert New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
Follow بالعربيه Log In Search this site: Country Specific News Algeria Bahrain Egypt Iran Iraq Jordan KSA Kuwait Lebanon Libya Morocco Oman Palestine Qatar Sudan Syria Tunisia UAE Yemen HOME NEWS BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS WEATHER EDITOR'S CHOICE THE LOOP Home » Business » Main Headlines » Aviation Is At The Heart Of Saudi-us Relations, And The Proof Is Boeing ALSO IN BUSINESS 1 - 5 OF 15 UAE Startup Bayzat Raises $6.5 Million in Funding in Just Six Months Saudi Arabia Is France's Largest Market in the Middle East: Diplomat General Electric Eyes Further Expansion in Qatar Saudi Arabia: Companies With Revenues More Than $100,000 Must Pay VAT in 2018 Ramadan Resolutions: Abu Dhabi to Reduce Water Consumption in Mosques by 50 Percent 'E-commerce and Luxury Go Hand-in-Hand,' Say Panelists at Arab Luxury World 2017 Two Years Later: Turkey, Russia Agree to Remove Trade Barriers Trump's Proposal to Sell Half of US Reserves Threatens Another Oil Glut Sheikh Mohammed Inaugurates $91.2 Million Traffic Control Center in Dubai: Photos Another Resignation at Noon: Founder of Recently-Acquired JadoPado Steps Down Ford Replaces CEO and Some Are Calling It a Coup Stay, Cut or Hike Production: What Will OPEC Choose to Do? Philippine Airlines Cancels Abu Dhabi Flights Indefinitely Qatar Announces New Prices for 418 Consumer Goods in Ramadan: Full List Burj Khalifa, Burj Al Arab Among World’s Most Instagrammed Tourist Attractions Aviation Is at the Heart of Saudi-US Relations, and the Proof Is Boeing Aviation Is at the Heart of Saudi-US Relations, and the Proof Is Boeing 4.00 6 Published May 23rd, 2017 - 20:00 GMT via SyndiGate.info Rate Article: Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit A Boeing aircraft takes off in Belgium. (AFP/ Philippe Huguen) The aviation sector play a central role in strategic and commercial relations between the United States and Saudi Arabia. Since the birth of commercial air travel in the Kingdom in 1945, Boeing Company has established “a strong and long-standing relationship with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia,” the company says on its website. The partnership in the aviation sector began on February 14, 1945 when US President Franklin Roosevelt presented a twin-engine DC-3 Dakota airplane to Saudi King Abdul Aziz Al Saud, according to a report by Boeing. The event marked both the beginning of the Boeing relationship with Saudi Arabia and the birth of commercial air travel in the Kingdom, the company added. “Since then, Boeing has developed and expanded relationships with the Saudi civilian and defense sectors as well as with the private sectors,” the report also said. The company underlined Saudi Arabia’s importance to Boeing, which was reaffirmed in 1982, with the establishment of Boeing Middle East Limited in the Saudi capital of Riyadh, as a 100 percent Boeing-owned commercially registered company, with full commercial contracting and employee sponsorship rights equal to any other Saudi-owned and registered company. “In 2013, the company was renamed Boeing Saudi Arabia to reflect the broad scope of Boeing activities; today, Boeing Saudi Arabia supports the execution of all Boeing Defense, Space & Security and Boeing Commercial Airplanes programs in Saudi Arabia,” the company said. It added that in February 2016, the Saudi Arabia Airlines (Saudia) received its first three 787-9s along with a 777-300ER at a high-profile delivery ceremony at Boeing’s site Seattle. “Over the years Saudia has taken delivery of more than 135 Boeing airplanes including 707, 737, 747, 777, 787, MD-11F, DC-3, DC-4, DC-9 and MD-90 models. It currently operates many different types of Boeing airplanes, including 747-300SP, 777-200ER, 777-300ER and 787-9 Dreamliner,” it stated. By Musaid Al-Zayani  Join Albawaba Business Follow Albawaba Business Copyright © Saudi Research and Publishing Co. All rights reserved. Rate Article: Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit EDITOR’S CHOICE 1 - 4 OF 12 ‘Resistance Is Not Terrorism’ say Palestinians Burning Effigies of Trump Muslim Leaders Speak Out Against Manchester Attack US Official Praises Lack of Protesters During Saudi Visit - Where Protesting is Illegal Christian Scouts in Palestine banned from Trump Meeting Doing the Impossible: Israeli Scientist Brings Agriculture to the Desert Melania Trump Praises Women’s Empowerment… in Saudi Arabia? Dubai Clears Streets from Poverty During Ramadan Toby Keith to Sing About Freedom at Men’s-Only Concert in Saudi Arabia Trump in Saudi Arabia: Dad Dancing or Arms Dealing? Young People in Iran Flock to Streets in Celebration of Rouhani Win Sci-fi Meets Arab Mythology at TEDx Jeddah Kuwaiti Lawmaker Wants to Deport Expat Teachers to Fix ‘Demographic Imbalance’ Top Headlines UAE Startup Bayzat Raises $6.5 Million in Funding in Just Six Months Tensions in Tunisia Escalate Over Protester’s Death Egyptian Rights Lawyer Detained Over Handing Over Islands to Saudi Arabia ‘Resistance Is Not Terrorism’ say Palestinians Burning Effigies of Trump Saudi Arabia Is France's Largest Market in the Middle East: Diplomat RECENT ARTICLES UAE Startup Bayzat Raises $6.5 Million in Funding in Just Six Months Saudi Arabia Is France's Largest Market in the Middle East: Diplomat Aviation Is at the Heart of Saudi-US Relations, and the Proof Is Boeing General Electric Eyes Further Expansion in Qatar Saudi Arabia: Companies With Revenues More Than $100,000 Must Pay VAT in 2018 FEATURED STORIES Al Tayer bucks the US department store trend with Bloomingdale's Kuwait opening Gulf Islamic banks set to outperform conventional banks for second year: Moody's Jordan secures EU finance for socioeconomic and environmental programs Same-day service deliveries in GCC an untapped market: Wing CEO Will terror attacks damper Arabs' appetite for European holidays? RELATED ARTICLES Etihad Airways selects SR Technics to manage component services for one of the world’s largest B787 fleets Flydubai announces $20,000 compensation to each family of crash victims Emaar Retail joins hands with Emirates airline to offer real-life airline MOST POPULAR Tunisia Closer to First Sukuk Issuance: Nasdaq Dubai Emirates Airline Announces 82 Percent Drop in Annual Profit for 2016-2017 Libya Has Potential to Produce 1 Million Oil Barrels Per Day, But It Can't: Here's Why Saudi Arabia to Sign At Least 10 Oil Deals With US During Trump's Visit: Aramco Catch of the Day: Qatar to Launch First Air-Conditioned Jogging Track Add a new comment Reply to - X Write your comment... Post as anonymous Related Videos F1 Boss Says Bahrain Grand Prix Could Be Cancelled - 17 Feb 11 NEW Jaguar C-X17 unveiled Emirates' new A380 order From Around The Web Most Popular Most Discussed Contact the Editor The Strange Obsession - and Political Weight - that Comes with Arab Reality TV Iraq Captures Key Mosul Neighborhood in Fight Against Daesh Ten Sinai Tribesmen Killed in Attack in Egypt Italy Fingers Unlikely Suspect in Human Trafficking: Rescuers Bombs Explode Near UN in Rome, no Causalities: 'An Act of Protest' not Terror   More Stories » Lack of Liquidity, Debt Main Reasons for Company Closures in Tunisia FIFA delay decision on Israeli settlement clubs for yet another year Microsoft Wants to Take on Google Chrome OS With New Windows 10 S Explosion at Ariana Grande Concert; 22 Dead Israel: 'Special Procedures' for Palestinians During Ramadan   More Stories » Your name: * Your e-mail address: * Subject: * Message: * User login Log In Log in to Al Bawaba in order to manage your various website activities Login with Facebook Login with LinkedIn Login with Google Login with Live   © 2000 - 2017 Al Bawaba (www.albawaba.com) About Us Advertising Content Contact Us PR Services RSS Terms of Use
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Viagra Is Now Dead – Shocking Breakthrough Formula Astounds Doctors Home | Oz Sultan Tags: Trump | Manchester and the Counterterrorism Road Ahead Trump, Manchester and the Counterterrorism Road Ahead People leave flowers in St. Anne's Square on May 23, 2017, in Manchester, England. Prime Minister Theresa May held a COBRA meeting this morning following a suicide attack at Manchester Arena as concert goers were leaving the venue after Ariana Grande had performed. (Leon Neal/Getty Images) By Oz Sultan Tuesday, 23 May 2017 11:28 AM Current | Bio | Archive Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    President Trump kicked off his international diplomacy efforts over the weekend with a trip to Saudi Arabia that began the first global reset of American diplomatic efforts we’ve had this century. In Saudi, President Trump and King Salman inked deals worth over $380 billion with $20 billion committed by the Saudis through Blackrock for investment in U.S. infrastructure. Arms transactions totaling $110 billion were supplanted by deals with Boeing and Lockheed for advanced aircraft and the development of Saudi technological infrastructure. Oil also played a part with Saudi ARAMCO closing $22 billion in new contracts. While the trade and diplomatic focus was on building, infrastructure, and industry development, the trip also yielded a number of major steps towards combatting terrorism. The Riyadh declaration was signed by 55 Majority Muslim countries who committed to information sharing and collectively fighting terrorism. This is a major move, as it builds beyond regional counterterror powerhouses, like Indonesia’s DENSUS88 – the primary Asian organization combating Jamaat Islamiyyah (JI) and ISIS in East Asia. President Trump also attended the launch of the Saudi Counterterrorism Center with King Salman. The center is focused on coordinating counterterrorism efforts across GCC (Arab Gulf States) and provides a center for collaboration with America and European counterparts. The U.S. and Saudi also announced a separate focus on stemming terrorist financing with the inauguration of the Terrorist Financing Targeting Center (TFTC). Iran was highlighted as the key issue in MEA and as a financier of both Hezbollah, the Syrian regime, and within regional conflicts across Iraq and the region. President Trump moved on to Israel and Palestinian territories — setting the stage for renewed Israeli-Palestinian discussions and the potential for further regional cooperation. ISIS’s First Summer Attack – Manchester Previously, we detailed ISIS’s recent articles in their English language magazine directing recruits to target Americans through Craigslist and attack soft targets including theatres, arenas, and concert halls. At 10:33 PM GMT, at the close the Ariana Grande concert in Manchester, a primary and secondary explosion went off causing pandemonium. The explosion was heard around the world. This was the first large scale attack on a Western civilian target by ISIS and the first that targeted teenagers — killing at least 19 and wounding hundreds. Twitter also jumped to immediate conclusions based on tweets by a quickly banned account claiming local ISIS responsibility. The account that has the Arabic name Oways has a time stamp that appears prior to the attack – but could potentially have been posted through a VPN, which would make the timestamp 11:32 PM GMT. While this account hasn’t been validated – ISIS celebrations online and a video claiming to be from ISIS were posted online with the hashtag #Manchester. The attack opens a horrible new door – as we now need to consider Forensic Counterterrorism as something we need to concern ourselves with. This attack and the horror it waged must galvanize our resolve to work collaboratively with Muslim allies to echo the words of President Trump to work to eradicate ISIS from our lands. It’s the only way forward and it’s time is at hand. Oz Sultan is a leading Big Data and counterterrorism expert who focuses on anti-recruiting and ISIS counterterror (CT) research within social media. He is an advisor to the Center for the Study of Civil Military Operations at Westpoint and is adjunct faculty at CUNY Baruch. To read more of his reports — Click Here Now. Posts by Oz Sultan Retrenched ISIS Proposes New Threats in Summer Ahead Fighting ISIS in the Cyber Age View More Posts by Oz Sultan Newsmax Blogs: Armstrong Williams: Trump Brings Hope, Change to Mideast Obama Couldn't Alan Dershowitz: Terrorism Persists Because It Works View More Newsmax Blogs © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share OzSultan At 10:33 PM GMT, at the close the Ariana Grande concert in Manchester, a primary and secondary explosion went off causing pandemonium. Trump, Manchester and the Counterterrorism Road Ahead 571 Tuesday, 23 May 2017 11:28 AM 2017-28-23 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Insiders Alan Dershowitz Legally Speaking Terrorism Persists Because It Works Michael Reagan The Gipper's Corner Wall Contractor Blacklists Trample Constitution Patrick Buchanan Conservative Cause Special Prosecutor Should Investigate Criminal Intel Leaks Rich Lowry National Review Identify, Charge Erdogan's Guards for Attacking US Protesters Rachel Marsden Political Analysis Trump's Misguided, Neoconservative Middle East Speech Tom Fitton Focus on Corruption Judicial Watch Seeks Russian Records Given to Dem Sen. Cardin Conrad Black Political View By Changing Demeanor, Tone Trump Can Silence Enemies All Insiders Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Most Commented Trump: Special Counsel Appointment 'Shows We're a Divided Country' Thursday, 18 May 2017 | 953 comments As Steve Bannon said at CPAC in February, If you think they are giving you... NYT: Trump Said Firing Comey Relieved 'Great Pressure' Friday, 19 May 2017 | 916 comments BREAKING NEWS from the NYT. Trump just asked for Russian dressing for his... McCain: Russian Minister 'Had No Business in the Oval Office' Sunday, 21 May 2017 | 679 comments I see McCain the insane is still upset with Trump for saying getting... Trump Calls Naming of Special Counsel Move a 'witch Hunt' Thursday, 18 May 2017 | 526 comments Imagine, that I'm super rich donor of hundreds of millions $ to Hillary... Trump Calls For Coalition to Stamp Out Extremism Sunday, 21 May 2017 | 545 comments Trump defined the struggle against extremism as "a battle between good and... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Border Tax Fight Divides American Industry By John Harrington May 23, 2017 11:35 am EDT Print Email Tweet The fight over a proposed border-adjusted tax that is under consideration in the U.S. House of Representatives is being rejoined, and the issue is cutting across American industries. Chief executive officers, many of them from the retail sector, oppose the levy, a centerpiece of House Speaker Paul Ryan’s agenda, and are renewing a push to stop the tax, which would replace the existing corporate income tax with a 20% levy on U.S.  companies’ domestic sales and imports and exclude exports. The American Made Coalition, whose members include Archer Daniels Midland, Boeing and Caterpillar, believes the current tax system is outdated and needs to be transformed. The group backs competitive tax rates for small and large business, a modern territorial system and the border adjustment of businesses taxes, and it believes these changes are needed to leveling the playing field for American-made goods and services and to stimulate creation of American jobs, investment and manufacturing. On the other side of the argument are companies that believe a border tax will hurt consumers. Several coalitions of companies have formed who oppose the tax, including Americans for Affordable Products and the Retail Industry Leaders Association. Among the companies opposed to the tax are Abercrombie & Fitch, Best Buy, BJ’s Wholesale, Macy’s and Lord & Taylor. In Favor of the Border-Adjusted Tax Aerospace Industries Association Archer Daniels Midland Blue Diamond Growers Boeing Caterpillar Celanese Celgene Cook Medical CoorsTek Cummins Allison Dow Chemical Electroimpact Eli Lilly Equifax Fortive GE Honeywell Johnson & Johnson McIlhenny Merck MillerCoors Neutral Posture Oracle Pfizer Port Clinton Manufacturing Qualcomm Raytheon S&P Global United Technologies Varian Medical Systems Opposed to the Border-Adjusted Tax Abercrombie & Fitch American Eagle Outfitters American Import Shippers Association (AISA) American International Automobile Dealers Association Ascena Retail Group Best Buy BJ’s Wholesale Big Lots Conservative Tea Party of Texas Costco Wholesale Crate & Barrel Dick’S Sporting Goods Dillard’s Gap Target Home Depot J. Crew J.C. Penney Kohl’s Department Stores Levi Strauss Lord & Taylor Macy’s Movado Group National Grocers Association National Retail Federation PetSmart Pier 1 Imports Saks Fifth Avenue Samsung Wal-Mart Nike I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By John Harrington « A Quick Look at the Strategic Petroleum Reserve How Analysts View Cloudera Now That the Quiet Period Is Over » Read more: Economy, Politics, Taxes Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 9 Ways to Deal With Robocalls The Best Counties to Live In States Where Wildfires Caused the Most Damage America's Most Loved and Hated Telephone and Cable Companies The Most Dangerous City in Every State Recent Tuesday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Alexion, Teva Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Bolster DJIA on Tuesday The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search The Unusual Way Red Robin Flew Past Its Guidance in Q1 Extra! Extra! Tronc Looks to Buy Sun-Times Media Group -- Maybe GoPro Is Looking Beyond Hero Cameras for Growth Harker: Fed's goal is to make shrinking balance sheet as exciting as watching paint dry Harker: Has not 'lost faith' that inflation will rise to 2% target Harker: Not concerned about weak first-quarter GDP Market Inches Higher Again On Little News Flow The Best Buying Opportunities in the Apparel Retail Stocks 5 Must See Earnings Charts Record Year on Broadway Moody's cuts China rating citing rising debt, slowing growth Oil prices rise as market expects extended production cut The Most Popular American Cities, According To The World's Travelers NAACP Ousts President As Organization Heads Vigorously In New Direction One Of The 'Real People' From That Chevy Commercial Speaks Out Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States China Challenges Boeing, Airbus Wide-Body Market By Paul Ausick May 23, 2017 12:20 pm EDT Print Email Tweet China’s Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China, better known as Comac, and Russia’s United Aircraft Corp. (UAC) announced a formal agreement Monday in Shanghai to develop, build and sell a wide-body (dual aisle) passenger jet that will compete with existing planes from Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) and Airbus. Comac recently completed the first test flight of its single-aisle C919 jet. The two companies unveiled their plans more than two years ago to build a wide-body plane that can carry 280 passengers up to 7,500 nautical miles. The original plan was to have the plane ready for test flights in 2022 and delivery in 2025. That timetable has now been pushed out three years, with the first flight in 2025 and first delivery in 2028. Boeing has estimated that the wide-body market will total 9,100 new aircraft for the 20-year period to 2035. Airbus has estimated a total market of 7,500 for the same period. Regardless of which estimate you choose to believe, that’s a $2 trillion market over the next two decades. Boeing has held a solid edge in the wide-body market for a long time, but Airbus has begun to make inroads with its A330 and A350. Boeing’s 777, 777X and 787 have been the top sellers. The Comac/UAC wide-body, called the C929, is aiming to take 10% of the market for the A330 and Boeing 787 by offering a plane with a 10% to 15% better cost structure. The C929 may have timing on its side. By the time the plane is ready for test flights, the slack period for aircraft sales may be over, or nearly so. If that turns out to be the case, the plane could make some noise in the market. If the market is still weak, well, Boeing and Airbus will be just that much weaker and price competition will be fierce. China would love to fight either or both competitors on price. That’s a fight Comac/UAC probably believes it can win. Boeing’s stock traded about flat in the noon hour Tuesday, down just 0.03% at $183.62, in a 52-week range of $122.35 to $187.21. The stock’s consensus 12-month price target is $188.62. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Sears Reshuffles Some Debt, Pension Obligations Why Analysts Are Growing More Bullish on Carvana » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Airbus, China, Russia, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 9 Ways to Deal With Robocalls The Best Counties to Live In States Where Wildfires Caused the Most Damage America's Most Loved and Hated Telephone and Cable Companies The Most Dangerous City in Every State Recent Tuesday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Alexion, Teva Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Bolster DJIA on Tuesday The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search The Unusual Way Red Robin Flew Past Its Guidance in Q1 Extra! Extra! Tronc Looks to Buy Sun-Times Media Group -- Maybe GoPro Is Looking Beyond Hero Cameras for Growth Harker: Fed's goal is to make shrinking balance sheet as exciting as watching paint dry Harker: Has not 'lost faith' that inflation will rise to 2% target Harker: Not concerned about weak first-quarter GDP Market Inches Higher Again On Little News Flow The Best Buying Opportunities in the Apparel Retail Stocks 5 Must See Earnings Charts Record Year on Broadway Moody's cuts China rating citing rising debt, slowing growth Oil prices rise as market expects extended production cut The Most Popular American Cities, According To The World's Travelers NAACP Ousts President As Organization Heads Vigorously In New Direction One Of The 'Real People' From That Chevy Commercial Speaks Out Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Follow Us On Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Program Management Corner Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Military Trainers Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation Purchase Planning Handbook MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > ShowNews > EBACE 2017 > BBJ Max 7: Farther and Roomier You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN BBJ Max 7: Farther and Roomier May 24, 2017 Fred George and Angus Batey | ShowNews EMAIL Tweet Comments 4 Advertisement Boeing Business Jets is showing a $200,000 model of the new BBJ Max 7 interior at EBACE. Paris-based Cabinet Alberto Pinto’s design takes full advantage of the extra 6 ft 4 in length of the Max 7 compared to the original BBJ. Improvements include a forward VIP bedroom behind the crew rest compartment and additional storage closet space – sorely needed on the original BBJ. The 19-seat design also features two main cabin seating areas, plus a two room VIP compartment with self-leveling bed and lavatory with shower. The BBJ Max 7 can fly up to 7,000 nm, opening up new city pairs such as Beijing and Acapulco, Dubai and Washington, and New York and Shanghai on virtually the same fuel as the original 6,200 nm BBJ. It has considerably more underfloor cargo bay volume available for baggage. Max 7’s CFMI Leap 1B engines are key to unlocking the improved performance potential of the new jet. They produce 2,000 lb more thrust than the CFM56-7BE turbofans on BBJ, yet they’re 14% more fuel efficient due to 20-year newer aerodynamics, much higher bypass and compression ratios, and higher operating temperatures. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 4 wally@wallyrobe... on May 23, 2017 That must be a tough way to travel. :-) Log In or Register to post comments mlehky on May 23, 2017 "$200,000 model", what a bargain. Any investors, we can buy a few at that price and then resell closer to $200,000,000. Log In or Register to post comments lou@lospinuso.com on May 23, 2017 ... a $200,000 INTERIOR ... Log In or Register to post comments Advertisement JOM4021 on May 24, 2017 The funniest sentence is "It has considerably more underfloor cargo bay volume available for baggage"... maybe they should consider a stair to access it in flight and make a dressing room for madame out of it :-)) Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Purchase Planning Handbook: 2016 Business Airplanes   AIRBUS JOINS THE FRAY   Northrop Submits G550 Bizjet Proposal For J-Stars Recap 16   Cessna Citation Longitude About to Take Off 8 How To Recover From Engine Out On Takeoff In A Light Twin Aircraft 14 Advertisement Follow Us On Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn BCA Digest BCA Digest consolidates news from BCA magazine, AC-U-KWIK, Air Charter Guide and Aircraft Bluebook. Subscribe View Sample Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Search Wednesday, May 24, 2017 Politics White House Congress Campaigns All Politics Policy Defense / National Security Energy Healthcare Finance / Economy Tech / Cyber Budgets / Spending Courts Foreign All Policy News Opinion Editorials Columnists Contributors Op-Eds Editorial Cartoons All Opinion Magazine Beltway Confidential Washington Secrets Pentagon unveils budget it calls next step in rebuilding military by Travis J. Tritten | May 23, 2017, 12:00 PM Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Email this article Share on LinkedIn The Defense Department unveiled a proposed $574 billion base budget and a $65 billion war fund on Tuesday. It calls for purchasing 70 Lockheed Martin F-35 fighters. (U.S. Air Force photo/R. Nial Bradshaw) The Defense Department on Tuesday defended its newly unveiled proposal for a $574.5 billion base defense budget and a $64.6 billion war fund amid criticism from Capitol Hill. The budget plan would be the next step toward rebuilding a military that has been depleted in recent years by capped funding and a heavy workload, the department said. It would focus on troops, military training and maintenance while keeping pace with past plans for purchasing big-ticket hardware such as fighter jets and ships. It will now go to Congress where defense hawks have already said it follows Obama administration defense plans too closely and does not provide enough funding for military needs. Sen. John McCain called it "dead on arrival" Tuesday, prompting defense officials to defend the spending decisions. John Roth, acting DoD comptroller, called the budget a "significant increased commitment" by the Trump administration over the current year's $523 billion base budget and said the department built a plan it believes can be passed by Congress. "A lot of the reaction we've gotten so far with our meetings with some of the [Congress] members is, 'Why didn't you ask for more?' " Roth said. "So we will have to see. Obviously, it is going to take a lot in Congress, in both the House and Senate to try to get it done and we are here to help in any way we can." Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and the military service chiefs will travel to Capitol Hill in the coming weeks to testify in favor of the plan, which is the first full-year budget written by the administration. The president has promised a historic military buildup that includes major increases in the size of the Army, the Navy fleet and Air Force tactical aircraft, and the Defense Department described the proposal released Tuesday as the second step in that effort. The 2018 budget unveiled Tuesday would keep the Army at the larger size of 476,000 active-duty soldiers approved by Congress last year. It calls for purchasing 70 Lockheed Martin F-35 fighters and 14 Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornets. The Navy would buy eight new ships, including an aircraft carrier, two destroyers and a littoral combat ship. The figures are in line with projections by the Obama administration. The $64.6 billion war fund will pay for the fight against the Islamic State in the Middle East, troops in Afghanistan, a beefed up presence to reassure allies in Europe and counterterrorism operations around the world. The Defense Department is also seeking authority for another round of base closures in 2021, saying the department has 20 percent more infrastructure than it needs, and that a new round could save about $2 billion per year. The Trump plan for an historic increase in spending could come in future years. Next year's budget will be the first built under a new national defense strategy, which is still a work in progress, according to the department. "The erosion of the readiness did not occur in one year and we are not going to be able to satisfy the requirements in one year, it's going to be a while for us to be able to do that with sustained funding," said Lt. Gen. Anthony Ierardi, DoD's joint staff director of force structure, resources and assessment. The plan faces a raft of political obstacles on Capitol Hill. Chief among them is that the Trump proposal, which totals $603 billion for all baseline defense functions including the nuclear arsenal, busts federal spending caps by $54 billion and would require a deeply divided House and Senate to pass new legislation lifting the limits. "President Trump's $603 billion defense budget request is inadequate to the challenges we face, illegal under current law, and part of an overall budget proposal that is dead on arrival in Congress," said Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., chairman of the Armed Services Committee and a top Republican critic of the administration's defense plans. Travis J. Tritten Defense Industry Lockheed Martin Defense Boeing Budgets and Deficits Defense Spending Economy National Security News Politics Share your thoughts with friends. Share with friends. More Washington Examiner 3 hours ago Hillary Clinton plays the children card in slamming Trump's budget 6 hours ago Mike Pence to speak in Louisiana on Wednesday 6 hours ago Trump praised Duterte for doing an 'unbelievable job on the drug problem': Report 9 hours ago In briefing, Rod Rosenstein would not say who asked him to write the Comey memo, according to Kirsten Gillibrand 10 hours ago UK raises terror threat level from 'severe' to 'critical' after Manchester 10 hours ago Homeless man in Manchester describes helping 'children with blood all over' 11 hours ago Interior budget shuffles funds to boost energy, parks 11 hours ago Trump pushes for new round of military base closures 12 hours ago 'Paying their fair share': Where Trump's budget could've been written by Democrats 12 hours ago Disband the Congressional Turkey Caucus 12 hours ago Appeals court rules Wikimedia can challenge NSA surveillance program 13 hours ago Fake outrage over Trump's Holocaust memorial note at Yad Vashem ignores how Obama imperiled living Jews 13 hours ago Police body camera research cut in Trump's Justice Department budget 13 hours ago Washington Post's Richard Cohen: I was gleeful after watching 'Access Hollywood' tape 15 hours ago Ryan: Manchester attack 'cowardice in its most heinous form' 15 hours ago Trump administration asks judge to reconsider 'sanctuary' city injunction About Examiner Magazine Archives Staff Advertise Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Copyright 2017. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved. ×   Close POLITICS POLITICS HOME WHITE HOUSE CONGRESS CAMPAIGNS POLICY POLICY HOME DEFENSE/NATIONAL SECURITY ENERGY HEALTHCARE FINANCE/ECONOMY TECH/CYBER BUDGETS/SPENDING COURTS FOREIGN NEWS OPINION OPINION HOME EDITORIALS COLUMNISTS BYRON YORK SALENA ZITO MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD PHILIP KLEIN KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON TIMOTHY P. CARNEY LISA BOOTHE DANIEL HANNAN W. JAMES ANTLE III DAVID FREDDOSO NOEMIE EMERY CONTRIBUTORS OP-EDS EDITORIAL CARTOONS MAGAZINE MAGAZINE HOME DIGITAL EDITION WASHINGTON SECRETS BELTWAY CONFIDENTIAL ABOUT US NEWSLETTERS
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 6:55pm Wed 24 May Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Asian shares drift as blast in Manchester rattles investors 2:10 PM Wednesday May 24, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print World TOKYO (AP) " Asian shares were mostly higher in early trading Tuesday after police said they were treating an explosion in Manchester, England, that killed at least 19 people as a terror attack. Oil prices fell back after Monday's rally. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 edged 0.2 percent lower to 19,648.09 and the Shanghai Composite Index fell 0.4 percent to 3,062.85. But other markets were mostly higher. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index rose 0.2 percent to 25,431.47 and the S&P ASX 200 of Australia was flat at 5,771.60. South Korea's Kospi gained 0.3 percent to 2,310.02. Markets in Southeast Asia were higher. WALL STREET: Stocks rose for the third straight day with technology companies closing in on all-time highs, led by big names like Cisco Systems and Qualcomm. Aerospace and defense companies rose after President Donald Trump presided over a $110 billion sale of military equipment to Saudi Arabia that could expand to $350 billion over 10 years. The Standard & Poor's 500 index jumped 0.5 percent to 2,394.02. The Dow Jones industrial average 0.4 percent to 20,894.83 and the Nasdaq composite gained 0.8 percent to 6,133.62. MANCHESTER BLAST: The explosion struck an Ariana Grande concert in northern England late Monday, killing at least 19 people and injuring dozens. The singer was not injured. Britain's terrorist threat level has been set at "severe" in recent years, indicating an attack is highly likely. Police said the explosion is being judged a terrorist attack unless new information proves otherwise. ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: "The recovery in U.S. markets remains underway while the latest development in Manchester threatens to derail the positive lead for markets in the Asia-Pacific region," Jingyi Pan of IG said in a commentary. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil lost 10 cents to $51.03 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. On Monday it added 46 cents to $51.13 a barrel. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 16 cents to $53.71 a barrel. CURRENCIES: The dollar declined to 111.07 yen from 111.34 yen. The euro rose to $1.1252 from $1.1237. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Big haul at Special Olympics Swim Carnival Far North-based swimmers performed well at the Special Olympics Swim Carnival. Hawke's Bay Today Napier water tests negative for E coli Napier's water tested negative for E coli today following a positive reading yesterday… Bay of Plenty Times Rachel Stewart: Why I'm not positive Rachel Stewart explains why she's not going to be positive just to please chirpy men. Our Features' Top Stories Driven What's it like driving James Bond's Lotus Espirit? Never meet your heroes? Well, it's not always the case... Viva Oversized separates for winter Keep warm in a cool array of voluminous separates True Commercial My Food Bag bags bigger base Home food delivery provider My Food Bag has relocated to a new building in Parnell. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 24 May 2017 19:04:39 Processing Time: 15ms
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments10+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business GOP divisions grow over proposal for a border adjustment tax The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Sarah Halzack and Tory Newmyer By Sarah Halzack and Tory Newmyer May 23 at 7:00 PM Follow @sarahhalzack Juan Luciano, chief executive of Archer Daniels Midland, and Brian Cornell, chief executive of Target, testify about tax reform. (Reuters/Joshua Roberts) A House Republican push for a new tax on imports is dangling by a thread after Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin sharply criticized it both publicly and privately on Tuesday. At a conference, Mnuchin said the so-called border adjustment tax “doesn’t create a level playing field” and “has the potential to pass on significant costs to the consumer.” Later, in closed-door meetings on Capitol Hill, the Treasury secretary told key lawmakers that the proposal represents an impediment to progress on a broader overhaul of the tax code, sources familiar with those meetings said. “There was agreement that the quicker we can unite against it, the quicker we can get to tax reform that can actually pass,” said one source with the hard-right House Freedom Caucus. Mnuchin separately huddled with the conservative Republican Study Committee and Democrats on the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee — after the panel held its first hearing on the border adjustment proposal. During the hearing, some GOP members on the committee expressed their own concerns, suggesting further resistance in Republican ranks. Rep. Erik Paulsen (R-Minn.) said he cannot support the border adjustment tax as it is described in the plan. Another Republican, Rep. Jim Renacci of Ohio, said he is skeptical of the idea, even though he has “been trying not to be.” “I’m very concerned for the low-margin companies in my district,” Renacci said. The border adjustment tax was supposed to provide an important stream of revenue so lawmakers could slash taxes in other ways. But while much of corporate America is in agreement that it would like to see a sweeping overhaul of the tax system — there is a deep divide about how best to achieve that. The rift was on display during Tuesday’s hearing in the House. Brian Cornell, the chief executive of big-box behemoth Target, said in his testimony that he believed Target’s tax rate would leap from 35 percent to 75 percent if the border adjustment tax were enacted. That’s because the levy would prevent companies from deducting the cost of imported goods, as they do now. Target says it is America’s second-largest importer, and that about half of what it sells comes from overseas. “We – like many others – would be left with only bad options,” Cornell said. Cornell argued that the retail industry would be forced to raise prices for consumers to cover the higher tax bill.   “Every time your constituents fill up their gas tanks, they would pay more. The people who shop at Target are middle-class working families, whose budgets are already stretched,” Cornell said. “For them, this new tax would be a budget breaker.” The committee also heard from Juan Luciano, the chief executive of Archer Daniels Midland, a producer of food ingredients, animal feeds and other items. Luciano’s company is part of a coalition of exporters such as GE, Boeing, and Caterpillar that supports the tax. Luciano said U.S. businesses in his industry have been losing global market share, and that he believes this tax change could help stop that.  “This proposal offers the chance to give American farmers, American workers and American agriculture the chance to compete fully and to continue providing American products to customers around the globe,” Luciano said. Some economists have pushed back against retailers’ concerns that prices would rise, insisting the value of the dollar would adjust under the new system in such a way that would mitigate the cost. But importers argue that such an adjustment is no sure thing, and that the economics may not play out in the real world like they do in the textbooks.  “There’s one word that I continue to hear again and again, which is ‘if,’’’ Cornell said during the hearing.  Opponents of the tax also say that there is a chance the provision could be deemed not compliant with World Trade Organization rules. Even if a border adjustment tax were to garner broad support in the House, it appears poised to hit stumbling blocks in the Senate, where several Republicans have expressed doubts about the idea. Sen. David Perdue (R-Ga.), for example, said earlier this month, “Right now, in the Senate anyway, I think the border adjustment tax is dead on arrival.” Mike DeBonis contributed to this report. Read more: Why a commercial about tax policy ran during ‘SNL’ Trump-era tax reform could be coming for your toys Behind Trump’s ‘prime the pump’ gaffe is a bunch of real news business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 10+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news. Follow @sarahhalzack 14 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Analysis President Trump’s ‘balanced’ budget relies on $2,062,000,000,000 in mystery money 2 Google now knows when its users go to the store and buy stuff 3 It’s not just programs for the poor. Trump’s budget calls for vast changes to government. 4 FCC: No punishment for late-night host Colbert’s Trump joke 5 Analysis How Trump’s budget helps the rich at the expense of the poor The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA 0.21% NASDAQ 0.08% Get quote Last Update: 4:38 PM 05/23/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
NEWS CLOUD BIG DATA APPS EMERGING TECH INFRASTRUCTURE PEOPLE CLOUD BIG DATA APPS EMERGING TECH INFRASTRUCTURE RESEARCH CLOUD BIG DATA APPS EMERGING TECH INFRASTRUCTURE Wikibon TheCUBE ABOUT US SIGN IN Home » Cloud Legendary engineer James Gosling, the ‘Father of Java,’ joins Amazon Web Services by MIKE WHEATLEY UPDATED 00:06 EST . 23 MAY 2017 Amazon Web Services Inc. today pulled off a minor coup with the announcement that it’s hiring legendary engineer James Gosling, the so-called “Father of Java,” as a distinguished engineer. Gosling, who created the popular Java programming language that is used today in much of the world’s business software, was previously serving as chief software architect at a company called Liquid Robotics Inc., which was acquired in December by Boeing Co. Gosling wrote Java in the early 1990s while working at Sun Microsystems Inc., before leaving the company after it was acquired by Oracle. He later appeared for a brief stint at Google Inc. before spending the last six years at Liquid Robotics, which is developing an autonomous boat called the Wave Glider, On Facebook Gosling posted that he’s “starting a new adventure” with AWS, but didn’t reveal exactly what he’ll be working on. What’s interesting is that Gosling, never one at least in recent years to keep his views to himself, might have caused a bit of upset at AWS last year at the IP Expo Europe event in Seattle in 2016, when he suggested that cloud companies were trying to lock in their customers. “You get cloud providers like Amazon saying: ‘Take your applications and move them to the cloud.’ But as soon as you start using them you’re stuck in that particular cloud,” he said at the event, according to The Inquirer. But because of the importance of Java, Gosling also has a lot of credibility among business decision makers, who are generally quite conservative about the technology they purchase and use. As such, he could well be useful to AWS, which is competing against rivals like Google Inc. and Microsoft Corp. to persuade those decision makers to adopt its cloud services to run more of their workloads. Still, Gosling admitted at the same event last year that some customers will take a lot of convincing to switch to the cloud. When asked why Liquid Robotics kept all of its information technology in-house, he explained that the company felt it couldn’t use any cloud services at all. One reason he gave at Nvidia Corp.’s GPU Technology Conference last year was that when the company’s craft is at sea, it’s prohibitively expensive to reach the cloud. “When you’re way out in the middle of the ocean, there’s no cell tower,” he said. “Most of the satellite communications suck and are really expensive.” At the IP Expo Europe, he added other reasons, again rather specific to his company: “In my case, there are no cloud providers [Liquid Robotics] can use, so we end up rolling our own for everything, which is a real pain. I mean, a lot of the cloud providers would make my life hugely easier, but convincing a random coast guard from some random country that they should trust Amazon is really, really hard.” Given his skill set, it seems like a safe bet that Gosling will lend a hand with Amazon’s Internet of Things-related software and services as well, said Rob Enderle, principal analyst at the Enderle Group. “He is known for writing really tight code and would be ideal for their IoT efforts now that they are running against Google far more aggressively for control of the home,” Enderle said. “He’ll likely be one of their strongest weapons in their fight with Google for control of the future digital home.” With reporting from Robert Hof Photo: Peter Campbell/Wikipedia LATEST STORIES from SiliconANGLE Here's the new Microsoft Surface Pro: better battery life, LTE model and upgraded pen Harvesting kinetic energy from walking may be the future of authentication Bank-backed blockchain development consortium R3 raises $107M Uber will pay up to $45 million to reverse its underpayment of New York drivers New Open19 Foundation aims to standardize data center and edge platform designs This company has released a browser to deliver a decentralized Internet RELATED ARTICLES CLOUD Finding the center among clouds BY NELSON WILLIAMS . 15 HOURS AGO BIG DATA SAP reveals its trajectory to the multi-cloud world BY MARLENE DEN BLEYKER . 5 DAYS AGO APPS Good for engineers, developers: SAP HANA cloud offering now on AWS BY BEV TERRELL . 5 DAYS AGO APPS Google adds Kotlin as an official Android programming language BY DUNCAN RILEY . 6 DAYS AGO CLOUD AWS still dominates cloud infrastructure market but Google and Microsoft gain BY MIKE WHEATLEY . 1 WEEK AGO CLOUD Red Hat's profit comes from a safe mix of risk and failure BY MARLENE DEN BLEYKER . 2 WEEKS AGO NEWS Is the enterprise finding value in containers? BY MARLENE DEN BLEYKER . 3 WEEKS AGO CLOUD A closer look at the AWS-Red Hat partnership for hybrid, on-prem cloud BY NELSON WILLIAMS . 3 WEEKS AGO CLOUD Red Hat brings AWS cloud services to OpenShift software container platform BY MIKE WHEATLEY . 3 WEEKS AGO RELATED ARTICLES CLOUD Finding the center among clouds BY NELSON WILLIAMS . 15 HOURS AGO BIG DATA SAP reveals its trajectory to the multi-cloud world BY MARLENE DEN BLEYKER . 5 DAYS AGO APPS Good for engineers, developers: SAP HANA cloud offering now on AWS BY BEV TERRELL . 5 DAYS AGO APPS Google adds Kotlin as an official Android programming language BY DUNCAN RILEY . 6 DAYS AGO CLOUD AWS still dominates cloud infrastructure market but Google and Microsoft gain BY MIKE WHEATLEY . 1 WEEK AGO CLOUD Red Hat's profit comes from a safe mix of risk and failure BY MARLENE DEN BLEYKER . 2 WEEKS AGO NEWS Is the enterprise finding value in containers? BY MARLENE DEN BLEYKER . 3 WEEKS AGO CLOUD A closer look at the AWS-Red Hat partnership for hybrid, on-prem cloud BY NELSON WILLIAMS . 3 WEEKS AGO CLOUD Red Hat brings AWS cloud services to OpenShift software container platform BY MIKE WHEATLEY . 3 WEEKS AGO CUBE NEWS SEE MORE Can an app make or break it in an always-on world? Post merger: Dell aims to deliver ready, deployable infrastructure Informatica finds new markets thanks to business cloud adoption End of story: Can Cisco's network put the finishing touch on end-to-end cloud? Private internet: a direct approach to data security in the cloud Alation strives to solve the data quality debate Trending stories on the web TechCrunch Ikea's smart light bulbs will work with Amazon Alexa, Apple Siri and Google Assistant Tech Times Want To Hack Samsung's Iris Scanner? This New Video Makes It Look Easy Forbes Apple And Nokia Are Once More 'Best Friends Forever' VentureBeat Overwatch's first anniversary event has great content with no real theme CNET Instagram just made it way easier for randoms to see your Stories UPCOMING EVENTS VOICE OF COMMUNITY Analytics helps Indiana community college put a dent in the dropout problem The executive role in digital business technology decisions The radical reinvention of the data center HengFeng Bank builds foundation for the future with unified platform for analytics and customer engagement Join Our Community For personalised content stay with us. I am interested in BIG DATA CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE EMERGING TECH MOBILE APPLICATIONS WIKIBON TheCUBE Women In Tech Email* PRIVACY POLICY TERMS ABOUT US Join Us Send us Newstip 2017 SiliconANGLE Media, Inc. All rights reserved. JOIN OUR COMMUNITY theCUBE Wikibon FOLLOW US DESIGN PARTNER UXReactor × Send us a News Tip Name* First Last Type of Pitch* Consumer or Enterprise?EnterpriseStartup NewsEmerging Technology Email* What's your story?* File Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. × SIGN IN Remember meLOGIN Forgot Password? OR New User? SIGN UP Continue with Email Continue with Social Login × SIGN UP Continue with Email Continue with Social Login × SIGN UP Continue with Email Continue with Social Login × Bio Ethics Statement × SIGN UP Continue with Email Continue with Social Login × Bio Ethics Statement × EXTRACT THE SIGNAL FROM THE NOISE Join millions of enterprise peers - Get priority access to relevant insights. SUBSCRIBE
Home About Contact Membership Store Donate USA Canada Latin America Africa Middle East Europe Russia Asia Oceania Notre site en Français: mondialisation.ca Italiano Deutsch Português srpski العربية Globalizacion | Asia-Pacific Research Global Research grtv youtube twitter facebook rss US Nato War Economy Civil Rights Environment Poverty Media Justice 9/11 War Crimes Militarization History Science Donald of Arabia: A Disgusting Spectacle By Justin Raimondo Global Research, May 23, 2017 Antiwar.com 22 May 2017 Region: Middle East & North Africa Theme: Militarization and WMD, Terrorism, US NATO War Agenda Has there been a more disgusting spectacle during the four months of this presidency than the sight of Donald Trump slobbering all over the barbarous Saudi monarch and his murderous family of petty princelings? It’s enough to make any normal American retch, especially when one remembers what Trump said about them during the election: “Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation want women as slaves and to kill gays. Hillary must return all money from such countries!” And then there was this tweet: “Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s. Pay up!” Now Trump’s son in law, Jared Kushner, is calling up Lockheed-Martin to get a discount for the Saudis, personally brokering the biggest arms deal in US history. What a difference a presidency makes! The old Trump told us that the Saudis were “mouth pieces, bullies, cowards,” who were “paying ISIS,” but now they’re our partners in the “war on terrorism.” Why it seems like only yesterday that he was calling out Saudi princes like Alwaleed bin Talal for thinking they can “control our US politicians” – today he’s kowtowing to them. Most tellingly, it was Trump who made a campaign issue out of the missing 28 pages redacted from the Joint congressional report on the 9/11 terrorist attacks. In calling for their release, he painted a scenario in which the Saudi royals assisted the hijackers and said: “You know, it’s sort of nice to know who your friends are, and perhaps who your enemies are.” Does Trump know who are our friends and who are our enemies? While the US government, under both Trump and Obama, has routinely maintained that Iran is the biggest exporter of terrorism, that is utter nonsense: the Saudis easily outdo the mullahs of Tehran. Riyadh funds radical madrassas throughout the world that preach pure hatred of the West: they are incubators of terrorism, and have been wreaking havoc from one end of the globe to the other for decades. The terrorist groups that have destroyed Syria are the progeny of the Saudis, and their allies among the Gulf states. Most shameful of all, the Saudis have invaded nearby Yemen, slaughtering children and women with impunity, bombing funeral processions, and causing a famine that will kill hundreds of thousands of noncombatants: the very young, the sick, and the old. And they’re doing it with US assistance, a pact signed in blood under the Obama administration, now continued and beefed up under Trump. In all fairness, this is nothing new as far as the US is concerned: our relationship with the Saudi monarchy goes all the way back to Franklin Roosevelt, who cemented the alliance in 1943 by declaring that the defense of their medieval dictatorship was “vital” to our national security: US taxpayer dollars flowed into the Saudi treasury via the Lend-Lease giveaway. The flow hasn’t stopped since that time: indeed, it has only increased. And the flow will turn into a torrent if Trump’s wacky idea of an Arab NATO ever comes to fruition. We’ll be paying their “defense” bills unto eternity, while they send their army of head-chopping assassins out to murder infidels on a global scale – and US arms dealers rake in cash hand over fist. Source: Antiwar.com Yes, the US-Saudi relationship is one of the central pillars of our globalist foreign policy – but wasn’t Trump supposed to be different? Wasn’t he supposed to be putting America first? Of all the betrayals we’ve had to endure since he took the White House, his pilgrimage to the epicenter of world terrorism has got to be the absolute worst. As he kneels before the Saudi king, he humiliates all of us. Trump’s next stop is Israel, and that’s no accident: the Jewish state is Saudi Arabia’s main ally in the region, although the relationship is supposed to be covert. They don’t even bother to keep it under wraps anymore. While the Saudis fund the head-chopping barbarians who have destroyed Syria, the Israelis succor them in their hospitals and then set them free to kill and maim again. Israeli officials openly state their preference for ISIS over Bashar al-Assad. If and when Trump’s loopy “Arab NATO” ever comes to pass, Israel will be a silent partner. The third leg of Trump’s trip will be the Vatican, and there an ambush awaits him. This Pope is no friend of the White House, and he is likely to issue a public rebuke on the immigration issue, at the very least. The whole thing is a public relations disaster waiting to happen, and a testament to the very bad advice Trump is getting from his clueless advisors. The mawkish idea of visiting the sites of the world’s three major religions is more appropriate for a television special than for a President on his first major trip abroad. Quite aside from the fact that it leaves out the Hindus, the Greek Orthodox, and the Buddhists, the whole concept is typical of the way this administration thinks in terms of mindless clichés, catchphrases without context or real meaning. Speaking of which, the less said about Trump’s speech in Riyadh the better: it was a farrago of falsehood, kowtowing, and brazen hypocrisy. To top it off, he announced that a new “Global Center for Combating Extremist Ideology” is to be opened in the Kingdom – which is, itself, the world capital of extremist ideology, having done more to spread religious hatred than any country on earth. Of all Trump’s many betrayals – and they’re piling up at such a rate that he’s creating a veritable Mountain of Mendacity – this Saudi trip has got to be the one that will demoralize and alienate even his hardcore supporters. After rising to power on the strength of portraying Islam as inherently violent and dangerous, he’s now joining hands with the leaders of what he once described as “the hateful ideology of radical Islam.” It’s as if Mother Theresa had embraced the Church of Satan. It’s been a very long four months – that seems more like four years. In voting for Trump, many of his supporters – some of whom are now among Antiwar.com’s regular readers and supporters – were hoping for a return to normalcy. What they got instead was a descent into Bizarro World. Notes from the Author You can check out my Twitter feed by going here. But please note that my tweets are sometimes deliberately provocative, often made in jest, and largely consist of me thinking out loud. I’ve written a couple of books, which you might want to peruse. Here is the link for buying the second edition of my 1993 book, Reclaiming the American Right: The Lost Legacy of the Conservative Movement, with an Introduction by Prof. George W. Carey, a Foreword by Patrick J. Buchanan, and critical essays by Scott Richert and David Gordon (ISI Books, 2008). The original source of this article is Antiwar.com Copyright © Justin Raimondo, Antiwar.com, 2017 Comment on Global Research Articles on our Facebook page Become a Member of Global Research Articles by: Justin Raimondo Disclaimer: The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s). The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible for any inaccurate or incorrect statement in this article. The Center of Research on Globalization grants permission to cross-post original Global Research articles on community internet sites as long as the text & title are not modified. The source and the author's copyright must be displayed. For publication of Global Research articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites, contact: [email protected] www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of "fair use" in an effort to advance a better understanding of political, economic and social issues. The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes. If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than "fair use" you must request permission from the copyright owner. For media inquiries: [email protected] Latest News & Top Stories The Globalization of War, America’s “Long War” against Humanity by Michel Chossudovsky America Created Al-Qaeda and the ISIS Terror Group U.S. “Military Aid” to Al Qaeda, ISIS-Daesh: Pentagon Uses Illicit Arms Trafficking to Channel Enormous Shipments of Light Weapons into Syria Macron Prepares Enabling Act to Slash Contracts, Labor Rights in France Manchester Bombing: The Papers, The Speculation, the Click-Baiting, “ISIS Responsible” Environmentalists are Ignoring the Elephant in the Room: U.S. Military is the World’s Largest Polluter Trump’s Draconian Budget. Eliminating Social Safety Nets, Enormous Medicaid and Food Stamp Cuts Scientists Predict There Will Be No Glaciers in the Contiguous US by 2050 — but Trump Is Stomping on the Gas Pedal Trump Bows Deeply to Globalists, Surrenders to Puppet Masters Video: ISIS Terrorists Rapidly Losing Ground in Eastern Aleppo Neocolonialism in Haiti, Water for Profit and the Cholera Epidemic The Riyadh Declaration of Escalated Regional Wars, A Statement of Mass Deception Hypocritical Speech: Trump’s Saudi Soliloquy The Draft Treaty to Ban Nuclear Weapons Donald of Arabia: A Disgusting Spectacle Most Popular All Articles Global Research Publishers Click Here To Order Online News Themes Terrorism Biotechnology and GMO Crimes against Humanity Culture, Society & History Environment Global Economy Intelligence Law and Justice Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Civil Rights Politics and Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights I-Books Series IN-DEPTH REPORTS UKRAINE REPORT SYRIA: NATO’S NEXT WAR? IRAN: THE NEXT WAR? IRAQ REPORT AFGHANISTAN CLIMATE CHANGE CRIMINALIZE WAR DEPLETED URANIUM FAKE INTELLIGENCE HAITI NATO’S WAR ON LIBYA NORTH KOREA NUCLEAR WAR OCCUPY WALL STREET PAKISTAN PALESTINE THE BALKANS GLOBAL RESEARCH VIDEOS The global research news hour Join us on Facebook Partner Websites Project Censored Stop NATO Strategic Culture Foundation The Corbett Report Washington's Blog youtube twitter facebook rss Global Research News I-BOOKS SERIES Countries Index Authors Index Most Popular Links Contact Membership Online Store Themes Geographic Regions US NATO War Agenda Global Economy Crimes against Humanity Militarization and WMD Law and Justice Police State & Civil Rights History 9/11 & ‘War on Terrorism’ Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Police State & Civil Rights Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights USA Canada Middle East & North Africa Latin America & Caribbean Europe sub-Saharan Africa Russia and FSU Asia Oceania GlobalResearch Center for Research on Globalization Privacy Policy Copyright © 2005-2017 GlobalResearch.ca
  China embraces major tech advances                Xinhua Weibo Facebook Twitter Reddit Diigo Delicious Digg Linkedin MySpace Sina Weibo Kaixin Renren Q-zone Tencent Weibo Sohu Weibo NetEase Weibo   Source: Xinhua | 2017-05-23 15:29:49 | Editor: huaxia The Jiaolong, China's manned deep-sea research submersible, Tuesday morning dived into the Mariana Trench, the deepest part of the world's oceans , with a Xinhua News Agency journalist on board. This is the latest of a string of major technological events that China has witnessed in the science and tech world over the past few months, including mining of flammable ice, maiden flight of homegrown large passenger jet C919 , in-orbit refueling of cargo spacecraft Tianzhou-1, launch of the first domestically developed and built aircraft carrier. China is a few steps closer to becoming a world powerhouse of scientific and technological innovation. The Jiaolong reached the planned depth of 4,811 meters at 9:49 a.m. local time Tuesday and will stay underwater until 4 p.m. With two mechanical arms, the submersible will collect samples of sea water, sediment, deep-sea life and rocks depending on the circumstances. The mission will study the mineralogy and geochemistry of sediment and rocks in the area to better understand geological activities. Research will include deep-sea microbes and other life forms. Technicians prepare for the Jiaolong's dive in the Mariana Trench on its mother ship the Xiangyanghong 09, May 22, 2017. (Xinhua/Liu Shiping) Here are some of the major technological progresses that China made over the past two months. COMBUSTIBLE ICE Last Thursday, China announced that it had succeeded in mining combustible ice in the South China Sea, a major breakthrough that may lead to a global energy revolution, after nearly two decades of research and exploration. Flames spouting from the trial mining site of combustible ice in Shenhu area of the South China Sea, May 16, 2017(Xinhua/Liang Xu) Combustible ice, a kind of natural gas hydrate, usually exists in seabed or tundra areas, which have the strong pressure and low temperature necessary for its stability. It can be ignited like solid ethanol. One cubic meter of "combustible ice" is equal to 164 cubic meters of regular natural gas. International scientific circles have predicted that the natural gas hydrate is the best replacement for oil and natural gas. C919 China also made a major progress in aviation as its homegrown large passenger plane C919 took its maiden flight on May 5. This makes China the fourth jumbo jet producer after the United States, Western Europe and Russia. With a standard range of 4,075 kilometers, the narrow-body jet is comparable with updated Airbus 320 and Boeing's new generation 737 planes, signaling the country's entry into the global aviation market. The twin-engine plane has 190 seats at maximum capacity. China's homegrown large passenger plane C919 taxies on a runway after its maiden flight in Shanghai, east China, May 5, 2017. (Xinhua/Ding Ting) TIANZHOU-1 In April, China's first cargo spacecraft docked successfully with the Tiangong-2 space lab , a crucial step for the country in building a space station by 2022. A few days later, the cargo spacecraft and the space lab completed their first in-orbit refueling. China is the third country, besides Russia and the United States, to master the technology of refueling in space. Tianzhou-1 cargo spacecraft is seen moving towards the orbiting Tiangong-2 space lab for automated docking on a screen at Beijing Aerospace Control Center on April 22, 2017 (Xinhua/Wang Sijiang) In 1992, China set a three-step manned space program, with the final step marking the ability to operate a permanent manned space station, which is planned to be put into orbit around 2022. As the International Space Station is set to retire in 2024, the Chinese space station will offer a promising alternative, and China will be the only country with a permanent space station. Cargo spacecraft Tianzhou-1 is being transferred with a Long March-7 Y2 carrier rocket to the launch zone in Wenchang, south China's Hainan Province, April 17, 2017 AIRCRAFT CARRIER China launched its first domestically developed and built aircraft carrier on April 26. It is the country's second aircraft carrier, coming after the Liaoning, a refitted Soviet Union-made carrier put into commission in the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) Navy in 2012. China's second aircraft carrier is transferred from dry dock into the water at a launch ceremony in Dalian Shipyard of the China Shipbuilding Industry Corp. in Dalian, northeast China's Liaoning Province, April 26, 2017. (Xinhua/Li Gang) Xinhua Weibo Facebook Twitter Reddit Diigo Delicious Digg Linkedin MySpace Sina Weibo Kaixin Renren Q-zone Tencent Weibo Sohu Weibo NetEase Weibo Back to Top Close Xinhuanet 首页 时政 国际 港澳 台湾 财经 法治 社会 纪检 体育 科技 军事 文娱 图片 视频 论坛 博客 微博 China embraces major tech advances Source: Xinhua 2017-05-23 15:29:49 The Jiaolong, China's manned deep-sea research submersible, Tuesday morning dived into the Mariana Trench, the deepest part of the world's oceans , with a Xinhua News Agency journalist on board. This is the latest of a string of major technological events that China has witnessed in the science and tech world over the past few months, including mining of flammable ice, maiden flight of homegrown large passenger jet C919 , in-orbit refueling of cargo spacecraft Tianzhou-1, launch of the first domestically developed and built aircraft carrier. China is a few steps closer to becoming a world powerhouse of scientific and technological innovation. The Jiaolong reached the planned depth of 4,811 meters at 9:49 a.m. local time Tuesday and will stay underwater until 4 p.m. With two mechanical arms, the submersible will collect samples of sea water, sediment, deep-sea life and rocks depending on the circumstances. The mission will study the mineralogy and geochemistry of sediment and rocks in the area to better understand geological activities. Research will include deep-sea microbes and other life forms. Technicians prepare for the Jiaolong's dive in the Mariana Trench on its mother ship the Xiangyanghong 09, May 22, 2017. (Xinhua/Liu Shiping) Here are some of the major technological progresses that China made over the past two months. COMBUSTIBLE ICE Last Thursday, China announced that it had succeeded in mining combustible ice in the South China Sea, a major breakthrough that may lead to a global energy revolution, after nearly two decades of research and exploration. Flames spouting from the trial mining site of combustible ice in Shenhu area of the South China Sea, May 16, 2017(Xinhua/Liang Xu) Combustible ice, a kind of natural gas hydrate, usually exists in seabed or tundra areas, which have the strong pressure and low temperature necessary for its stability. It can be ignited like solid ethanol. One cubic meter of "combustible ice" is equal to 164 cubic meters of regular natural gas. International scientific circles have predicted that the natural gas hydrate is the best replacement for oil and natural gas. C919 China also made a major progress in aviation as its homegrown large passenger plane C919 took its maiden flight on May 5. This makes China the fourth jumbo jet producer after the United States, Western Europe and Russia. With a standard range of 4,075 kilometers, the narrow-body jet is comparable with updated Airbus 320 and Boeing's new generation 737 planes, signaling the country's entry into the global aviation market. The twin-engine plane has 190 seats at maximum capacity. China's homegrown large passenger plane C919 taxies on a runway after its maiden flight in Shanghai, east China, May 5, 2017. (Xinhua/Ding Ting) TIANZHOU-1 In April, China's first cargo spacecraft docked successfully with the Tiangong-2 space lab , a crucial step for the country in building a space station by 2022. A few days later, the cargo spacecraft and the space lab completed their first in-orbit refueling. China is the third country, besides Russia and the United States, to master the technology of refueling in space. Tianzhou-1 cargo spacecraft is seen moving towards the orbiting Tiangong-2 space lab for automated docking on a screen at Beijing Aerospace Control Center on April 22, 2017 (Xinhua/Wang Sijiang) In 1992, China set a three-step manned space program, with the final step marking the ability to operate a permanent manned space station, which is planned to be put into orbit around 2022. As the International Space Station is set to retire in 2024, the Chinese space station will offer a promising alternative, and China will be the only country with a permanent space station. Cargo spacecraft Tianzhou-1 is being transferred with a Long March-7 Y2 carrier rocket to the launch zone in Wenchang, south China's Hainan Province, April 17, 2017 AIRCRAFT CARRIER China launched its first domestically developed and built aircraft carrier on April 26. It is the country's second aircraft carrier, coming after the Liaoning, a refitted Soviet Union-made carrier put into commission in the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) Navy in 2012. China's second aircraft carrier is transferred from dry dock into the water at a launch ceremony in Dalian Shipyard of the China Shipbuilding Industry Corp. in Dalian, northeast China's Liaoning Province, April 26, 2017. (Xinhua/Li Gang) [Editor: huaxia ] Xinhua Weibo Facebook Twitter Reddit Diigo Delicious Digg Linkedin MySpace Sina Weibo Kaixin Renren Q-zone Tencent Weibo Sohu Weibo NetEase Weibo Copyright © 2000 - 2016 XINHUANET.com All Rights Reserved. 010020070750000000000000011100001363077501
Today: May 24, 2017, 9:04 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Business CASBAA Satellite Industry Forum 2017 - The competition is fierce PR-Inside.com: 2017-05-23 14:19:34 SINGAPORE, May 23, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - "There have been more dramatic changes in the global satellite industry in the past two years than we have been seen in the last twenty-five" -- Steve Collar, CEO, SES Networks, at the close of the CASBAA Satellite Industry Forum 2017 in Singapore. That comment summarized nine hours of high-octane insights, statements and data downloads testing the temperature of the Asian satellite market at CASBAA's 17th annual meeting of satellite executives, engineers and investors. "This has been an energizing, challenging day which laid out the immediate and long-term opportunities and challenges for the satellite sector in Asia in terms of both commercial and technical issues," said CASBAA CEO, Christopher Slaughter. "We have been given a lot to think about. Innovation at every level must be at the heart of all our businesses." According to keynote speaker Andrew Jordan, CEO of regional operator AsiaSat, video distribution via satellite represents some 70% of revenues for most GEO satellite operators in the region with Ultra High Definition (UHD) and 4K services "all the rage" despite representing a less than 20% transition from Standard Definition services in Asia. "Mobility and broadband are the latest must-have applications, driving HTS (High Throughput Satellites) which is a maturing technology with enormous promise." The potential benefits and disadvantages of HTS and "cut-throat" competition were an overarching theme of the conference, which also covered such items as in-flight connectivity, maritime services, reusable launch vehicles, flat panel antennas, new satellite manufacturing processes and the on-going promise of the satellite market in India. Some quotable quotes: From the Operators - There are 600 million households out there without TV. The opportunity for satellite remains enormous - Tom Choi, ABS - When the millennials start families they are like the rest of US. They slump back on their settees - Andrew Jordan, AsiaSat - If we don't play in the 5G space other technologies will take over for sure - Deepak Mathur, SES From the Manufacturers - Our customers are increasingly asking for Flexible, Refreshable, Blended Constellations that will last forever. It's all over the map - Dawn Harms, Boeing Satellite - Manufacturers also need to help with the ground segment - Tony Colucci, VP Marketing & Sales, SSL - From GEO to LEO... It's a cultural difference - Tony Colucci, SSL - To provide for the "extended life" of a satellites (maybe to match the life of a co-located satellite) GEO manufacturers need agree on a standardized USB for in-orbit connectivity - Olivier Guilbert, Thales Alenia Space - Now we must be "Datacentric", Tony Colucci, SSL From the Customers - We are now entering uncharted territory - Chris Baugh, Northern Sky Research - Competition is fierce - PJ Beylier, Speedcast - Consolidation is coming, but it must be at the operator level - Deepakajit Singh, Encompass Media - Transponder costs may yet fall by 30%-40% - Deepakajit Singh, Encompass On HTS - HTS is the thing - Tony Colucci, SSL - It's not just about providing highest throughput, it's about jointly driving the ecosystem to make it more efficient - Elias Zaccack, SES On Flat Panels - We need multi frequency, multi-beam spectrum. The ability to switch between Ka to KU via LEO or GEO is crucial - John Finney, Isotropic - It's more complicated than almost anybody thought a few years ago - Susan Bull, Comsys - People aren't going to buy a flat-panel antenna just because it's pretty! - Alvaro Sanchez, Intergrasys The Launch Panel - Our objective is to relaunch the rocket after one hour - Jonathan Hofeller, SpaceX - Launch, Re-fuel and re-launch - Jonathan Hofeller, SpaceX - They say there will be 24,000 LEO launches in the next while. What about space junk? - Peter Jackson, PJ Square - Less price, more performance! That is what we will deliver - Tom Carroll, ILS International On India - Digitise, digitise, digitise! But when can we monetize? - Ashok Mansukhani, Hinduja Media - India is a country where stats sarely make sense - Ashok Mansukhani - The DTH industry will remain a volume-led market for the next 5 years - Vivek Couto, MPA The CASBAA Satellite Industry Forum 2017 also appreciates the generous support of the sponsors for this year's event: ABS, APSTAR, Arianespace, AsiaSat, Boeing Satellite Systems, COMSYS, Effective Space, Eutelsat, Gogo, Intergrasys, International Launch Services (ILS), Marsh, MEASAT, Newtec, NorthTelecom, SES, SKY Perfect JSAT, SpaceX and SSL. Click here ( casbaaevent.com/events/casbaa-satellite-industry-forum/) for the detailed programme and list of speakers. About CASBAA CASBAA is the Asia Pacific region's largest non-profit media association, serving the multi-channel audio-visual content creation and distribution industry. Established in 1991, CASBAA has grown with the industry to include digital multichannel television, content, platforms, advertising, and video delivery. Encompassing some 500 million connections within a footprint across the region, CASBAA works to be the authoritative voice for multichannel TV; promoting even-handed and market-friendly regulation, IP protection and revenue growth for subscription and advertising, while promoting global best practices. For more information, visit www.casbaa.com Contact: Cynthia Wong Director of Member Relations & Marketing Email: cynthia@casbaa.com Press Information Published by ACN Newswire +65 6304 8926 e-mail www.acnnewswire.com # 858 Words Related Articles More From The Author Singapore eDevelopment Subsidiary Initiates Research on [..] - Nobel Prize nominee Daryl Thompson to lead research, conducted by Global BioLife Inc., supported by Charles River Laboratories - [..] Singapore eDevelopment Bio-Med Subsidiary Initiates Research [..] SINGAPORE, May 22, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - Singapore eDevelopment Ltd ("SeD"; has, through its subsidiary Global BioLife [..] Wintermar Offshore (WINS.JK) Shareholders approve Placement [..] JAKARTA, INDONESIA - (ACN Newswire) - Wintermar Offshore Marine (WINS) Shareholders have approved the proposal to issue 400 [..] Environment benefits from large middle class in [..] A large middle class in Thailand and Indonesia is demanding more environmental protection; something not happening in other developing [..] Printed 'coffee rings' avoided with nanofibers Cellulose nanofibers can help particles in ink and printed electronics disperse evenly, rather than spread apart like dried coffee [..]   More From Business BIMobject® leading amongst SvD Börsplus's predicted digital [..] On the 19th of May, the Swedish stock analysis service SvD Börsplus published an article on the development of digital [..] SDRL - Anton Dibowitz appointed CEO Hamilton, Bermuda, May 24, 2017 - The Board of Seadrill Limited ("Seadrill") is pleased to announce the appointment of [..] SDRL - Seadrill Limited Announces First Quarter [..] Highlights Revenue of $569 million Operating income of $83 million EBITDA of $291 million 98% economic utilization Reported net [..] B&B TOOLS: Publication of an information brochure [..] As previously announced in a press release on 22 May 2017, the Board of Directors of B&B TOOLS AB (publ) [..] Kesko sold its properties in Estonia and [..] KESKO PRESS RELEASE 24.05.2017 AT 9.00 1(2)   Kesko sold its properties in Estonia and Latvia Kesko has sold seven [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Site Selectors Guild Fall Forum Conference Coming to Seattle in September Site Selectors Guild Fall Forum Conference Coming to Seattle in September Posted on May 23, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. The Fall Forum will bring economic developers and site selection consultants from around the globe to Seattle Seattle, WA (PRWEB) May 23, 2017 The Site Selectors Guild (SSG), the only association of the world’s leading corporate location advisors, announced today that the group’s 2017 Fall Forum will be held in Seattle, WA from September 25-27, 2017. This conference will bring economic developers and site selection consultants from around the globe to the Fairmont Olympic Hotel. “Seattle is an exciting destination for our 2017 Fall Forum,” said David Zaharchuk, SSG Fall Forum Committee Chair. “We look forward to making this a memorable conference for Guild members and economic developers with our partner the Washington State Department of Commerce.” The Washington State Department of Commerce is the host for the 2017 Fall Forum. This is the first time a Site Selectors Guild event is being held in Washington state. “We are delighted to host the SSG Fall Forum in our beautiful state, the birthplace of such business legends as Boeing, Costco, Microsoft, Nordstrom and Starbucks, to name a few,” said Allison Clark, managing director for business development at the Washington State Department of Commerce. “I’m confident that 2017 forum participants will see why Washington had the fasting growing economy in America last year; We’re open for business and looking forward to seeing everyone in Seattle.” The cornerstone of the Fall Forum is knowledge sharing and an interactive exchange of ideas through discussion panels, breakout sessions and networking. Registration is limited to 175 economic development professionals and 23 Site Selectors Guild Members will attend the event. Professional site selectors often serve as a barometer for the overall economy – when companies are growing and expanding, they turn to site selectors for location advisory assistance. If projects slow down or stop coming in to site selectors, it is an early indicator that business may be headed for a downturn. About The Site Selectors Guild The Site Selectors Guild (SSG) is a professional association comprised of the world's leading corporate location advisory consultants to companies looking to build or expand. The mission of SSG is to advance the profession of corporate location strategy by raising the awareness of the value professional location strategy and site selection services create for corporations, sharing thought leadership and best practices, developing and nurturing relationships between SSG members, economic development organizations and corporate stakeholders and contributing to policy discussions that affect location strategy and the future of the profession. All members of SSG have been nominated and approved by their industry peers. As the first and only group of its kind, SSG brings together a dynamic network of site selectors from around the world, combining their talent and expertise to create an invaluable, top quality resource for both corporations seeking site selection assistance and economic development organizations. For more information, visit http://www.siteselectorsguild.com or follow @siteselectguild on Twitter. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/05/prweb14353688.htm Latest News ArcelorMittal Publishes Its 2016 United States Integrated Report Michigan Eye Care Provider Celebrates 70 Years in Business; Adds Two State-of-the-Art Offices Immersive Denver Cybersecurity Educator Launches New Classes at New Location with New Director Five Benefits of Using Adjustable Storage throughout the Home Singlewire Software Opens New Headquarters in Madison Site Selectors Guild Fall Forum Conference Coming to Seattle in September Pet Blog Giant Crushes Shelter Feeding Program – 8 Million Meals Donated And Is Just Getting Started Garland Technology Launches New Passive Fiber Modular Chassis The American Medical Spa Association Launches Trade Show for Medical Spa Professionals WSSA Survey Ranks Most Common and Most Troublesome Weeds in Broadleaf Crops, Fruits and Vegetables © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Menu CLOSE News Videos Whitepapers eBooks Advertise Contact Us HOT TOPICS TechZone360     Conferencing Multi-Gigabit Ethernet Fraud & Identity Contact Center Solutions Communications Applications FEATURE NEWS LeoSat Secures Japanese Investment for Enterprise Broadband Satellite Network By Doug Mohney May 23, 2017 Another broadband satellite cloud network moved closer to reality this month, with LeoSat securing an investment from SKY Perfect JSAT (SJC) Corporation. The exact amount of the investment was not disclosed, but SJC is Asia's largest satellite operator and Japan's only provider of both multi-channel pay TV broadcasting and satellite services. LeoSat has not received the press coverage of satellite cloud network projects in the works by OneWeb and SpaceX or the analyst speculation of Apple investing in Boeing's project.  The company plans to put a network of up to 108 low Earth Orbiting (LEO) satellites into the sky to provide "fiber-like" low latency gigabit per second data delivery to enterprise and government customers, using a combination of satellite-to-ground Ka-band links and satellite-to-satellite laser cross-connect links.  Large, close-to-the Earth, satellite networks would have advantages over both existing geosynchronous earth orbit (GEO) communications and existing fiber, according to proponents.   Moving information through a GEO communications satellite parked over 26,000 miles above the earth adds a couple hundred or more seconds of delay in a communications session between the sheer distance traveled and the physical limit of the speed of light. LeoSat satellites would fly around 890 miles above the Earth in a number of orbital slices or "planes" to ensure coverage of the entire globe, ensuring that signals would travel a fraction of the distance for a GEO satellite. The fiber-like low latency is expected through a combination of using lasers in space – the ultimate "free space optical" connection – to move communications quickly between satellites in order to reach a point on the ground – and because signals would move in a straight-line path between satellites and any two parties on the network, rather than following a twisted, non-linear path through fiber optic cables running under the sea and through one or more switching centers. Expected latency could be as low as 16 to 20 milliseconds for cellular backhaul and in the neighborhood of 120 milliseconds for long-distance links between Europe and Asia. Opportunities for high-speed, low latency data links include telecommunications to support wireless networks, multinational enterprise services, and government. Since LeoSat is running its own network from end-to-end, it would presumably provide more secure communication for customers because there are fewer intermediaries (fiber, multiple carriers).  Data link speeds are expected to start at 50 Mbps and go up to gigabit speeds, depending on the needs of the user. SJC is an anchor investor in a $100 million Series A round, reports Space News, but it will need to raise an additional Series B round of around $175 million to build and launch two demonstration satellites for launch in 2019. The demonstration satellites are expected to validate the use of laser communication cross-links and the use of a new onboard processor.  Total bill for a production network, including satellites and ground hardware, is expected to be up to $3.6 billion. SJC currently has a fleet of 18 satellites around the globe.  In addition to its investment in LeoSat, the company has also invested in antenna manufacturer Kymeta to produce high-throughput antennas for moving vehicles, with the first hardware demonstrations expected as soon as this summer.  The LeoSat investment gives SJC a ticket into a cloud satellite network that could provided complementary service to its existing GEO satellites. However, the clock is ticking.  OneWeb is in the process of building a factory to crank out hundreds of satellites, with an expected network of 648 satellites when fully operation in the 2020 timeframe.  SpaceX's initial plans should put a network of over 4,000 satellites into orbit, with an expected production service date around 2024.  Meanwhile, talk continues to swirl around Apple taking some of its cash hoard and putting it making Boeing's proposed network of 1,400 to nearly 3,000 satellites into a reality.  Author Info Doug Mohney Contributing Editor Click here to read full bio SHARE THIS ARTICLE Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Related Articles GENBAND & Sonus Go Dutch for Merger By: Maurice Nagle    5/23/2017 Mergers and acquisitions are the norm in business. However, it's not every day that two major cloud communications players with highly complementary o… Read More The Killer App for VR: The Ability to Meet Yourself By: Rob Enderle    5/23/2017 I was at a VR event this week, and I'm sure the speaker misspoke when he said that one of the benefits of VR is the ability to meet yourself. But the … Read More WannaCry Ransomware Holds Files Hostage: Best Practices to Avoid Being a Victim By: Special Guest    5/23/2017 More than 200,000 computers in more than 150 countries were crippled by a massive ransomware attack, dubbed WannaCry, and security experts warned that… Read More LeoSat Secures Japanese Investment for Enterprise Broadband Satellite Network By: Doug Mohney    5/23/2017 Another broadband satellite cloud network moved closer to reality this month, with LeoSat securing an investment from SKY Perfect JSAT (SJC) Corporati… Read More Organizations Can Combat WannaCry & Jaff Ransomware With Well Instrumented DNS By: Special Guest    5/22/2017 The Infoblox Intelligence Unit observed two global malware outbreaks on Friday, May 12. Although there is no indication that the two attacks were rela… Read More View All News WHAT'S HOT Organizations Can Combat WannaCry & Jaff Ransomware With Well Instrumented DNS The Six Best Cities in the World for Tech Jobs The WannaCry Attack Was Years in the Making India's Current Start-Up Scenario Compared to the US FEATURED VIDEOS ConnectLeader WATCH NOW ConnectLeader WATCH NOW XKL at TEX 2016 WATCH NOW Richard McFarland of Voice4Net at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW Bent Rye of Temasys at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW FEATURED EVENTS Featured Editors Rob Enderle Latest Article: The Killer App for VR: The Ability to Meet Yourself Doug Mohney Latest Article: LeoSat Secures Japanese Investment for Enterprise Broadband Satellite Network Steve Anderson Latest Article: Google Crosses Lines, Puts Google Assistant on iPhone Subscribe Newsletter Sing up to receive our updates and other Techzone360 news! FEATURED WHITEPAPERS Four Trends Shaping The Future Of Retail DOWNLOAD NOW Essential Guide To E-Rate Success DOWNLOAD NOW The Changing Requirements For A Life-Critical Wireless Network DOWNLOAD NOW Network-Powered Wi-Fi Analytics DOWNLOAD NOW Simple Wireless Management With ExtremeCloud DOWNLOAD NOW LATEST COMMENTS Updates Your Way... likes facebook tweets twitter eNews SUBSCRIBE shares RSS TECHZONE360 35 Nutmeg Drive Suite 340, Trumbull, Connecticut 06611 USA 800-243-6002, 203-852-6800; 203-866-3326 Quick Links VIDEOS EBOOKS ADVERTISE CONTACT US LATEST ARTICLES GENBAND & Sonus Go Dutch for Merger The Killer App for VR: The Ability to Meet Yourself WannaCry Ransomware Holds Files Hostage: Best Practices to Avoid Being a Victim LeoSat Secures Japanese Investment for Enterprise Broadband Satellite Network Organizations Can Combat WannaCry & Jaff Ransomware With Well Instrumented DNS Powered by TMC © 2017 All Rights Reserved
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Home Java News Amazon Web Services sets a lure for Java programmers James Gosling, the father of Java, is joining AWS Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Peter Sayer IDG News Service - Paris bureau chief, IDG News Service | May 23, 2017 4:44 AM PT Credit: Peter Sayer More like this Java Founder Gosling Joins Google Why the Java Frenzy Shouldn't Worry Anyone Presenting 12 examples of savvy cinematography, from the moving ‘Manchester by... Video Windows Mixed Reality vs Hololens Amazon Web Services has long offered an SDK to make it easier to access its web services from Java. Now it has another lure for Java programmers: James Gosling, the father of Java. Gosling revealed his new employer on his Facebook page with the words: "It's time for a change. I'm leaving Boeing Defense (nee Liquid Robotics), with many fond memories. Today I start a new Adventure at Amazon Web Services." IDG News Service On May 22, 2017, James Gosling announced on his Facebook page that he is joining Amazon Web Services. He gave his title at AWS as "distinguished engineer" in an update to his LinkedIn profile. Of his work there, he would only say that he would be "wandering around." Gosling began work on what would later become Java in the early 1990s, while working at Sun Microsystems, and continued its development until the company's April 2009 acquisition by Oracle. He left a year later, frustrated that his role had been reduced to that of an evangelist for Java, with the engineering decisions concerning it taken elsewhere. After a brief stint at Google he moved to Liquid Robotics, where as chief software architect he programmed Waveglider autonomous ocean-going robots and processed their data in the cloud. AWS welcomes Java developers, and offers a number of ways to run Java applications in its cloud, including single-click deployment from within the Eclipse IDE and automated deployment using its Elastic Beanstalk provisioning tool. Gosling's long experience with Java -- and more recently with cloud data processing -- will make him an asset at AWS. A more intriguing possibility, though, would have been if he had landed not at AWS but at its parent company Amazon.com. Amazon has been testing delivery by drone in the U.S. and the U.K., and is now licensed as an ocean freight shipper. With Gosling's recent experience in building seagoing autonomous robots, the company would be a step closer to automating its global supply chain. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Java Cloud & Services Application Development Peter Sayer covers European public policy, artificial intelligence, the blockchain, and other technology breaking news for the IDG News Service. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
News Sports Business Real Estate 81° Full Menu 81° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business May 23, 2017 7:02 AM Recent Kansas Editorials The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The Topeka Capital-Journal, May 21 Protect the NEA and NEH Advocates of public funding for the arts and humanities in the U.S. were horrified when President Trump released his proposed budget two months ago. The budget included an unprecedented call to eliminate funding for the National Endowment for the Arts and National Endowment for the Humanities, as well as the Corporation for Public Broadcasting (a critical source of revenue for PBS and NPR stations across the country). The NEA and NEH receive $296 million per year combined — less than 8 cents a month for each taxpayer. However, many American artists, curators, teachers and patrons were able to relax a bit when a bipartisan spending bill was passed earlier this month. Funding for the CPB remained constant while both the NEA and NEH were given $2 million increases. An article in the Los Angeles Times outlined why there has been staunch resistance to Trump's cuts in Congress (even among many Republicans): "Most NEA funds go to support community arts groups in all 50 states, with rural, Republican-leaning states topping the lists of spending per person." One of those rural, Republican-leaning states is Kansas. In May 2016, the NEA awarded more than $82.3 million in grants for 1,148 projects throughout the country. These awards included $741,600 for four projects in Kansas, such as the Free State Festival in Lawrence, the Opera Academy of the Midwest in Wichita and a "multidisciplinary performing arts series at the Lied Center of Kansas." In a smaller round of funding announced in December 2016, Kansas received six grants for a total of $110,000 that will support the Hesston-Bethel Performing Arts Series, the William Inge Center for the Arts in Independence and an exhibition at KU's Spencer Museum of Art. Meanwhile, the Kansas Humanities Council receives roughly 80 percent of its funding from the National Endowment for the Humanities. The KHC is a powerful engine of cultural education and intellectual engagement in our state, supporting the widespread availability of everything from free lectures and book discussions to free documentaries about Kansas history to the preservation of our culture. In 2016 alone, the KHC offered more than 700 programs to 400,000 people across the state — every single one of which was free. The KHC has also produced oral histories (interviews with Kansans affected by historical events) on the Boeing closure in Wichita and the 60th anniversary of the Brown v. Board of Education decision — recordings that will be preserved at the Library of Congress. White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney defended Trump's budget by explaining that it's unfair to ask everyone to subsidize the arts and humanities: "Can we really continue to ask a coal miner in West Virginia or a single mom in Detroit to pay for these programs?" For someone who claims to be speaking on behalf working- and middle class Americans, Mulvaney sure doesn't understand them. We recently published an article written by four Poet Laureates of Kansas, and they pointed to the warm reception they've received everywhere in Kansas: "Anyone who thinks of poetry as elitist should ride along with us to Colby (pop. 5,387), or Kinsley (1,457), or Glasco (498), and see how many farmers, miners, nurses, children and retirees fill up rooms." Although the NEA and NEH have survived more than 100 days of the Trump administration, Kansans from Colby to Topeka need to keep reminding Washington that art and culture remain vital priorities in our state. ____ The Hutchinson News, May 19 Legislature right to examine the state's foster care system The state of Kansas can no longer ignore some of the problems that have long plagued the state's foster care system - and this week the House of Representatives passed a measure to attempt to restore accountability to the system that cares for some of the state's most vulnerable children. The bill, now in the Senate, creates a task force to increase oversight of private contractors who carry out state functions in child welfare, as well as oversee the Department of Children and Family Services' effectiveness in practicing new laws and regulations. The House vote was unanimous in support of the move. "We can all agree it is time for action and solutions," said Linda Gallagher, R-Lenexa. "The task force is intended not to just study the problems in the system and issue yet another report to go on the shelf. We have a thick file in our committee of many reports that have been issued in recent years about problems in the child welfare system. Instead, this task force is to study the issues and then recommend ways to improve the system." There are more than 7,000 children - a record - in the state's foster care system, which has been riddled lately with discouraging examples of the ways in which the system has failed these children. Initial studies have shown that DCF and its contractors weren't collecting enough information to adequately monitor programs or ensure there are enough foster homes in the state. Years ago, the idea of privatization of the state's child welfare system would yield better results at a better cost. And while the field is filled with caring individuals who want to help children who come from fractured homes, they are often asked to do the impossible - with incomprehensibly high caseloads and inadequate resources to assist families and their children. That shouldn't surprise anyone since the mantra in years past has been to save money at all costs - even if it means shortchanging the state's children. Yet, we're now learning that our efforts to save money were really an effort to cut corners. As such, we're now realizing the fruit of those labors, and it is largely finding that kids who are viewed as an expense to be trimmed - rather than an investment to be made - end up in deplorable situations, or worse. This task force to oversee the state's child welfare system is a good step to right some wrongs that have taken place. The Senate should follow the House's lead, and once this task force is in place, both chambers must use the gained information to make life safer and better for Kansas children. ____ Lawrence Journal-World, May 22 The news isn't getting any better for Kansas legislators. With only a handful of days left in the 2017 legislative session, the Legislature still doesn't have an appropriations bill and still hasn't figured out a school finance plan. And the economic news is getting worse, not better. Last week, the Center for Economic Development and Business Research at Wichita State University released an updated employment forecast for the state. The news wasn't good. The report forecasts job growth of 0.5 percent this year, half the average of 1 percent for the past five years. Modest job growth of 1.4 percent is predicted in the Kansas City, Wichita and Topeka metro areas but the rest of the state is expected to experience job losses of about 1 percent. Jeremy Hill, the director of the center, said the Kansas economy may have peaked. "There are now multiple signs of an economy that is losing steam," Hill said. "Although the forecast calls for employment growth at half of the rate over the past five years, increased caution should be added as a state-led recession is potentially around the corner." That's a problem for a Legislature trying to plug a billion-dollar hole in the state's budget. Any legislators holding out hope that an economic revival is just around the corner need to wake up and smell the coffee. With a slowing economy, sales taxes aren't going to produce the kind of revenue the state needs to address its woes. And property taxes — most of which are dedicated to education funding — aren't really an option either. That brings legislators back to where they started the session: income taxes. There simply is no way around addressing the state's income tax structure and, more specifically, the broad-based income tax cuts implemented by legislators in 2012 and 2013 at the urging of Gov. Sam Brownback. Those tax cuts have crippled state revenues for five consecutive years and dug the billion-dollar hole the state faces. Brownback has said repeatedly that the tax cuts will stimulate Kansas' economy and eventually result in growth. But the evidence is now solidly to the contrary and as the Center for Economic Development and Business Research report showed, there's no sign that the economy is going to pick up pace anytime soon. Legislators have dabbled with addressing tax reform. They passed a bill in February that the governor vetoed and last week, the House toyed with a plan to repeal the tax cuts altogether before abandoning it when the Senate called House legislators' bluff. Instead, lawmakers shifted focus toward dabbling with increasing taxes on tobacco and alcohol and perhaps an increased fee on utilities. In fact, the House was reportedly working on a new tax plan that lawmakers have already dubbed the kitchen sink plan because it includes every kind of tax or fee imaginable. This is no way to run a state. Surely, lawmakers understand that the only way to fix the state's fiscal woes is to repeal or significantly modify the Brownback tax cuts. The question is, do they have the political courage to do so? ____ The Iola Register, May 18 Silver linings can't hide the ugly facts For the governor's sake, let's find the silver lining: His approval rating among Kansans has come up. Yes, it's still in the basement, and well below that of President Trump's, but it is up by 6 percent from the all-time low of 62 percent who last fall said they were "very dissatisfied" with the governor's performance. As for Trump, 36 percent gave him two thumbs down. This spring's survey of 1,362 Kansas residents was released this week. It is conducted biannually by the Docking Institute of Public Affairs based at Fort Hays State University. Their concerns? A large majority, 65 percent, say Kansas is on the wrong track and that they have lost faith in its future. More than half of respondents fear the state's shaky finances — the state has a $900 million budget gap for the next two years — will impact them personally. Most think the 2012 income tax cuts were a bad idea and should be repealed and that income taxes should be raised on big business and the wealthy. Almost 70 percent favor raising taxes on alcohol and tobacco. A majority, 59 percent, favor banning guns in public health facilities. So will legislators listen? Perhaps for those legislators sitting on the fence the poll makes it easier for them to know what side to come down on — that is, if it's their constituents they have in mind. We know most things are not black and white and that compromises must be made. For example, the issue of concealed carry on university campuses or in public health settings could be resolved by giving the decision to each school or hospital board of trustees. Let the locals, not a state body, decide what is best for individual settings. Overwhelmingly, the survey showed that Kansans want change. They are tired of hearing about neglected schools, deteriorating infrastructure, and a budget in crisis. The good news is that 90 percent of respondents say they intend to stay put. Let's make it a place they are proud to call home. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago Florida anaylst for PNC Bank discusses jobs report 0:59 4 days ago Florida anaylst for PNC Bank discusses jobs report 0:37 6 days ago World of Avatar 0:23 6 days ago Pandora's Shaman of Song View More Video Business China's Geely to buy Lotus, take stake in Malaysia's Proton Trump's food stamp cuts face hard sell in Congress Moody's cuts China credit rating over rising debt Connecticut senators pass measure approving casino proposal New Hampshire House eyes lottery game for kindergarten funds Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Deals & Coupons News and weather for: [change] Business Wednesday, May 24, 2017    Last update: 1 a.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Maine Focus News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland Defense, tech stock gains give Wall Street a boost Print Email Share Tweet By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters Posted May 23, 2017, at 6:41 a.m. NEW YORK — Stocks rose on Monday, boosted by technology shares and by defense companies, which gained after the United States and Saudi Arabia signed a multibillion-dollar arms deal. Shares of General Dynamics, Raytheon and Lockheed Martin all hit record highs early on but ended off those levels, with gains of between 0.6 percent and 1.6 percent. Boeing gave the Dow its biggest boost, ending up 1.6 percent at $183.67. The S&P industrials index rose 0.7 percent and the S&P 500 posted a third straight day of gains, further recovering from last week’s selloff that was tied to worries about the outlook for President Donald Trump’s domestic agenda. Trump visited Saudi Arabia over the weekend and sealed $110 billion in deals. Riyadh will buy U.S. arms to help it counter Iran, with options running as high as $350 billion over 10 years. It was his first foreign trip since taking office and one the White House hopes will shift the focus away from domestic controversies such as his firing of the former Federal Bureau of Investigation chief and investigations into his administration’s possible links to Russia. “For investors that were concerned about that, this successful trip he’s had has kind of put those concerns on the back-burner,” said Bucky Hellwig, senior vice president at BB&T Wealth Management in Birmingham, Alabama. “There’s still a lot of money on the sidelines. When the market goes down, many investors view it as an opportunity to buy the dip.” While every sector but energy ended higher on the day, tech shares were the day’s best performers, with Amazon, Microsoft and Apple among the biggest drivers in the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq. The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed up 89.99 points, or 0.43 percent, to 20,894.83, the S&P 500 gained 12.29 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,394.02 and the Nasdaq Composite added 49.92 points, or 0.82 percent, to 6,133.62. Volatility eased as stocks continued their recovery from last week. The CBOE Volatility Index, the most widely followed barometer of expected near-term stock market volatility, has given up nearly all its gains from last week. It fell more than a point on Monday to end at 10.93. A much stronger-than-expected earnings season has also helped investor sentiment. With results in from nearly all of the S&P 500 names, year-over-year first-quarter growth is now estimated at 15.3 percent, Thomson Reuters data showed. “There’s fundamental support underlying the market from that,” Hellwig said. Ford was up 2.1 percent at $11.10 after the automaker named James Hackett as chief executive, responding to investors’ growing unease about its stock price and prospects. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.17-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.95-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 45 new 52-week highs and 3 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 102 new highs and 60 new lows. About 5.9 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.9 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data.   SEE COMMENTS → News Blogs Living Sports Opinion Bangor condemns prominent State Street building Feds: Sentence for Maine mogul should be example for political donors How Poland Spring picks where to set up bottling plants A top chef has an answer to Maine’s green crab scourge: Fry them in oil, then dig in Former Penobscot Theatre actor among drag queens that performed with Katy Perry on SNL All signs point to monument being positive addition to Maine, even if LePage tries to hide it A Jewish Take on the Confederate Statue Removals A secretive government makes everyone else suspicious Tuesday, May 23, 2017: Universal health care, national monuments for everyone, get rid of Trump GOP health care bill drops essential coverage for Mainers with mental illness, addictions Coaches’ warning among high school basketball rules changes Rossignol among 10 MPA Hall of Excellence inductees Celts win over Cavs among franchise’s best, iconic sportswriter says Junior catcher brings Miami heat to UMaine baseball lineup Coach hopes UMaine baseball team can make strong run during America East tournament ACT OUT WITH AISLINN Four baby squirrels with tails tangled together rescued by Bangor men THE BDN BUZZ Belligerent man in a Trump hat kicked off flight as a crowd chanted, ‘Lock him up!’ CULTURE SHOCK Former Penobscot Theatre actor among drag queens that performed with Katy Perry on SNL THE DAILY SIMMER Bangor’s newest coffee shop Wicked Brew opens on Park Street URBAN EYE Sleepless in Saco, a trio of coffee shops open this summer Northern Maine legend celebrates first birthday party — at 80 A top chef has an answer to Maine’s green crab scourge: Fry them in oil, then dig in Northwoods Gourmet Girl owner aims for ‘world condiment domination,’ after surviving cancer Bangor’s newest coffee shop Wicked Brew opens on Park Street Sleepless in Saco, a trio of coffee shops open this summer Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs Opportunity Knocks Opportunity Knocks Considering a Career Change? 5 Things To Go Over First Widgets and Digits Look out Emma, Charlotte and Harper made big gains in Maine baby names Look out Emma, Charlotte and Harper made big gains in Maine baby names The Day Job Bad News Can Always Get Worse Bad News Can Always Get Worse Maine Broadband Coalition Maine Broadband Coalition Creating a Broadband Policy without Doughnut Holes Stirring the Pot What Gets Measured, Counts What Gets Measured, Counts Top Stories As LePage eyes early release for inmates, lawmakers prep fight to save Down East prison Bangor condemns prominent State Street building Maine Supreme Judicial Court rules ranked-choice voting unconstitutional Brewer High graduate to be reunited with missing class ring after more than three decades Man reportedly run over by tractor in LaGrange Similar Articles 1.2.2013 World’s richest 100 got $241 billion richer in 2012 9.14.2011 Tax policy feeds gap between rich, poor 5.15.2013 Dow, S&P 500 end at record highs again, Google jumps 8.8.2011 Dow plunges more than 634 points after downgrade 2.15.2013 Wall Street ends slightly down, S&P positive for 7th week More in Business   Considering a Career Change? 5 Things To Go Over First   Cheaper Alternatives to Conventional Problems   ‘Leading edge’ restrictions on electricity sellers become Maine law   Moxie Fest founder, Lisbon ‘icon’ dies at 77   Shuttered Madison mill to be sold piecemeal in June auction Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman CASBAA Satellite Industry Forum 2017 – The competition is fierce SINGAPORE, May 23, 2017 – (ACN Newswire) – „There have been more dramatic changes in the global satellite industry in the past two years than we have been seen in the last twenty-five” — Steve Collar, CEO, SES Networks, at the close of the CASBAA Satellite Industry Forum 2017 in Singapore. That comment summarized nine hours of high-octane insights, statements and data downloads testing the temperature of the Asian satellite market at CASBAA’s 17th annual meeting of satellite executives, engineers and investors. „This has been an energizing, challenging day which laid out the immediate and long-term opportunities and challenges for the satellite sector in Asia in terms of both commercial and technical issues,” said CASBAA CEO, Christopher Slaughter. „We have been given a lot to think about. Innovation at every level must be at the heart of all our businesses.” According to keynote speaker Andrew Jordan, CEO of regional operator AsiaSat, video distribution via satellite represents some 70% of revenues for most GEO satellite operators in the region with Ultra High Definition (UHD) and 4K services „all the rage” despite representing a less than 20% transition from Standard Definition services in Asia. „Mobility and broadband are the latest must-have applications, driving HTS (High Throughput Satellites) which is a maturing technology with enormous promise.” The potential benefits and disadvantages of HTS and „cut-throat” competition were an overarching theme of the conference, which also covered such items as in-flight connectivity, maritime services, reusable launch vehicles, flat panel antennas, new satellite manufacturing processes and the on-going promise of the satellite market in India. Some quotable quotes: From the Operators – There are 600 million households out there without TV. The opportunity for satellite remains enormous – Tom Choi, ABS – When the millennials start families they are like the rest of US. They slump back on their settees – Andrew Jordan, AsiaSat – If we don’t play in the 5G space other technologies will take over for sure – Deepak Mathur, SES From the Manufacturers – Our customers are increasingly asking for Flexible, Refreshable, Blended Constellations that will last forever. It’s all over the map – Dawn Harms, Boeing Satellite – Manufacturers also need to help with the ground segment – Tony Colucci, VP Marketing & Sales, SSL – From GEO to LEO… It’s a cultural difference – Tony Colucci, SSL – To provide for the „extended life” of a satellites (maybe to match the life of a co-located satellite) GEO manufacturers need agree on a standardized USB for in-orbit connectivity – Olivier Guilbert, Thales Alenia Space – Now we must be „Datacentric”, Tony Colucci, SSL From the Customers – We are now entering uncharted territory – Chris Baugh, Northern Sky Research – Competition is fierce – PJ Beylier, Speedcast – Consolidation is coming, but it must be at the operator level – Deepakajit Singh, Encompass Media – Transponder costs may yet fall by 30%-40% – Deepakajit Singh, Encompass On HTS – HTS is the thing – Tony Colucci, SSL – It’s not just about providing highest throughput, it’s about jointly driving the ecosystem to make it more efficient – Elias Zaccack, SES On Flat Panels – We need multi frequency, multi-beam spectrum. The ability to switch between Ka to KU via LEO or GEO is crucial – John Finney, Isotropic – It’s more complicated than almost anybody thought a few years ago – Susan Bull, Comsys – People aren’t going to buy a flat-panel antenna just because it’s pretty! – Alvaro Sanchez, Intergrasys The Launch Panel – Our objective is to relaunch the rocket after one hour – Jonathan Hofeller, SpaceX – Launch, Re-fuel and re-launch – Jonathan Hofeller, SpaceX – They say there will be 24,000 LEO launches in the next while. What about space junk? – Peter Jackson, PJ Square – Less price, more performance! That is what we will deliver – Tom Carroll, ILS International On India – Digitise, digitise, digitise! But when can we monetize? – Ashok Mansukhani, Hinduja Media – India is a country where stats sarely make sense – Ashok Mansukhani – The DTH industry will remain a volume-led market for the next 5 years – Vivek Couto, MPA The CASBAA Satellite Industry Forum 2017 also appreciates the generous support of the sponsors for this year’s event: ABS, APSTAR, Arianespace, AsiaSat, Boeing Satellite Systems, COMSYS, Effective Space, Eutelsat, Gogo, Intergrasys, International Launch Services (ILS), Marsh, MEASAT, Newtec, NorthTelecom, SES, SKY Perfect JSAT, SpaceX and SSL. Click here (http://casbaaevent.com/events/casbaa-satellite-industry-forum/) for the detailed programme and list of speakers. About CASBAA CASBAA is the Asia Pacific region’s largest non-profit media association, serving the multi-channel audio-visual content creation and distribution industry. Established in 1991, CASBAA has grown with the industry to include digital multichannel television, content, platforms, advertising, and video delivery. Encompassing some 500 million connections within a footprint across the region, CASBAA works to be the authoritative voice for multichannel TV; promoting even-handed and market-friendly regulation, IP protection and revenue growth for subscription and advertising, while promoting global best practices. For more information, visit www.casbaa.com Contact: 
Cynthia Wong
Director of Member Relations & Marketing
Email: [email protected]
 Source: CASBAA Topic: Press release summary Sectors: Broadcast http://www.acnnewswire.com From the Asia Corporate News Network Copyright © 2017 ACN Newswire. All rights reserved. A division of Asia Corporate News Network. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbroadcast Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Metallocene Catalyst Industry Analysis, Forecast, Overview, Growth Impact and Demand by Regions till 2022 Next PostNext Global UAV Flight Training And Simulation Market Analysis, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2022 Search Recent Posts Walton De-Ice systems installed at Top Global Broadcaster’s Satellite Earth Station to Protect Network Distribution Signals from Snow and Ice Southern Lithium Closes Previously Announced Private Placement Shareholder Files Early Warning Report in Parkit Enterprise Inc. Gary Herwitz of CoMetrics Partners Examines the Case of Sears Holdings Corporation Marcus Hiles on the Increased Demand for Upscale Apartments in Dallas and Austin Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Ethiopian Airlines' Business-Class Goals Hit by Airbus Delay by Richard Weiss @rweiss5 More stories by Richard Weiss May 23, 2017, 2:45 AM EDT May 23, 2017, 5:28 AM EDT A350 plane deliveries slowed by interior fittings shortage Africa’s biggest carrier expanding rapidly despite turmoil Ethiopian Airlines was betting Airbus SE’s new A350 widebody would help it lure lucrative business-class passengers away from the likes of Emirates, but nagging delivery issues are putting Africa’s largest carrier behind schedule. The airline won’t receive 10 new planes by the end of June as planned, with some coming as late as next year, Thomas Gabreyohannes, the carrier’s director for Germany and central Europe, said in an interview. Ethiopian is counting on the A350s to increase sales of premium tickets, similar to the boost it saw after becoming the first African airline to fly Boeing Co.’s 787 long-haul Dreamliners.  “When we received the Dreamliner, our business-class traffic jumped,” Gabreyohannes said in Frankfurt. “We hope the A350 will have the same impact.” The delay represents a stumbling block for state-owned Ethiopian, which despite regional political unrest and violence, is increasingly challenging bigger rivals that have extensive African routes. Ethiopian has built one of Africa’s rare corporate success stories with the continent’s only consistently profitable airline shuttling passengers from around the world to more than 50 African cities in addition to dozens of destinations in Europe, the Middle East and Asia, mimicking models like that of Dubai-based Emirates. Ethiopian now has four of the twin-aisle A350s and was expecting another 10 by the end of next month. According to the new schedule, four will arrive by the end of this year and the remaining six in 2018. Airbus, which declined to comment on Ethiopian’s timeline, so far has delivered 81 of the jets -- typically used on long-distance flights -- and expects this year’s A350 handovers to beat last year’s 49. Assembly has been hampered by a shortage of seats and other interior fittings supplied by Zodiac Aerospace. ‘Huge Pressures’ Ethiopian currently serves London and Frankfurt daily with its A350-900 variant, and also takes the aircraft on shorter routes from Ethiopia’s capital Addis Ababa to Mumbai and Dubai. The new planes may be used to expand services to Beijing, and Paris is among new destinations under consideration, Gabreyohannes said. The carrier has not yet decided if it will also buy the larger A350-1000, and is still weighing which model to use for short-haul services. Bombardier Inc.’s Q400 and C Series and models from Embraer SA are still in the race, Gabreyohannes said. Founded in 1945, Ethiopian ranks as Africa’s biggest carrier by passenger traffic, ahead of South African Airways, EgyptAir, Royal Air Maroc and Kenya Airways, according to the International Air Transport Association. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up While outbreaks of violence around ethnic conflicts and human-rights protests have claimed hundreds of lives in Ethiopia in the past year, the airline’s growth plan is intact. Capacity rose more than 15 percent in the six months through Dec. 31, and revenue by passenger kilometers, a measure for demand, also gained about 15 percent, Gabreyohannes said. The airline expects similar increases for its fiscal year ending June 30. “There was some slowness in demand particularly from Africa that has recovered,” he said. “Demand is good now, but there is huge pressure on yields due to the highly competitive prices.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read U.K.'s May Warns Further Terrorist Attacks Could Be Imminent SpaceX Technician Says Concerns About Tests Got Him Fired Madoff Fund Paid Millions to Breeden Firm, Zero to Victims America’s Cities Are Running Out of Room Trump's Budget Bites Deeply Into Programs Benefiting His Voters Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy MP farmer gets Rs 2000 notes sans Mahatma Gandhi image BJP lauds PM Narendra Modi on Twitter, claims Dawood's properties seized after diplomatic masterstroke Before UP Elections 2017, films to catch up on, from Omkara to Masaan: Throwback Thursday Guru Gobind Singh's 350th birth anniversary: Narendra Modi to attend Prakash Parv in Patna Renowned sitar player Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan passed away at 88 more from #Amazon Flipkart to start selling FMCG products from July to take on Amazon and DMart Twitter has hired Todd Swidler as the Global Head of its live streaming division Amazon Web Services signs 'Father of Java', James Gosling Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Amazon Web Services signs ‘Father of Java’, James Gosling By tech2 News Staff /  23 May 2017 , 14:56 #Amazon Image credit: Amazon Amazon Web Services (AWS) has signed James Gosling, also referred to as the “Father of Java”. Gosling took to Facebook on Monday to make things official and confirmed that he would be joining the Amazon’s cloud services. Gosling will be quitting from his current role at Liquid Robotics where he designed software for an underwater robot. James Gosling wrote in his Facebook post, “It’s time for a change. I’m leaving Boeing Defense (nee Liquid Robotics), with many fond memories. Today I start a new Adventure at Amazon Web Services.” The ‘Father of Java’ came up with the original design of the Java and the first compiler and virtual machine when he worked at Sun Microsystems. After Sun was acquired by Oracle, Gosling quit Sun in 2010 and joined Google for a short term. Post this he was a Liquid Robotics which was then acquired by Boeing Defense, Space and Security. Amazon has been on hiring spree and Gosling will join other tech heavyweights at AWS including Adrian Cockroft, Swami Sivasubramanian and Werner Vogels. As of now Gosling’s role at AWS remains unclear but given his experience with Internet of Things (IoT), Amazon could keep him in charge of its AWS IoT, which is a cloud service for Internet of Things data. Publish date: May 23, 2017 2:56 pm| Modified date: May 23, 2017 3:23 pm Tags: Amazon, Amazon web service, Boeing Defense, Father of Java, James Gosling, Liquid Robotics Also read Amazon and Flipkart top LinkedIn’s ‘Top companies’ list second year in a row Amazon introduces Charts, a bestseller list that tracks what people are actually reading X Recommended For You Flipkart to start selling FMCG products from July to take on Amazon and DMart Twitter has hired Todd Swidler as the Global Head of its live streaming division Row over screening Netflix films at Cannes stirs tough questions for the future of cinema Amazon introduces Charts, a bestseller list that tracks what people are actually reading Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #Facebook May 24, 2017 Facebook now allows users to invite a friend to Live videos; rolls out private chatting for broadcasts #Snapchat May 24, 2017 Snapchat rolls out custom Stories feature to widen user base #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #Social Media May 24, 2017 European Union has approved plans that make social media firms responsible for fighting hate speech #Science May 24, 2017 Union Science and Tech Minister Harsh Vardhan claims three years of his ministry better than last thirty #Make in India May 24, 2017 Indian markets pulling global giants like Apple: IT Minister Ravi Prasad SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
X Close Nation Home > News > Nation < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 23 May 2017 | MYT 3:46 PM Chong: TVET grads draw as much salary as varsity grads by gan pei ling KUALA LUMPUR: The starting salary of vocational and technical graduates at between RM2,000 and RM5,000 a month is comparable to that of university graduates, said Deputy Education Minister Datuk Chong Sin Woon.   “They are highly sought after by industries - 90% of those in our TVET (technical and vocational education and training) who graduated last year are already employed,” said Chong after the opening ceremony of the third High Officials Meeting on South-East Asia TVET at Swiss Garden Residences, here, Tuesday. He reiterated his calls for parents, particularly those from the Chinese community, to change their view that university education is more prestigious, especially when university graduates are also struggling to secure jobs.   “Vocational and technical graduates don’t end up opening beauty salons or bakeries. Many of them work for multinational companies, like Boeing, which has a service centre in Malaysia.   “If your children aren’t interested in academic studies, don’t force them, let them choose their career path according to their own interests,” said Chong.   He added that the country is urgently in need of vocational graduates to build the skilled work force needed to support industries in aviation, automobile, manufacturing, and oil and gas, among others.   “Only 8% of our secondary students are in TVET. This is low compared to advanced countries like Germany and Switzerland where almost 60% of their students are in TVET,” said Chong.   He said the Government aims to increase the percentage to 20% by 2020.   In line with that, Chong said the Government introduced the “Upper Secondary School Industry Apprenticeship (PIMA)" at a national school this year and plans to roll it out to other interested national schools.   Involving only Form Four and Form Five students, those who join PIMA will spend 70% of their time on industrial training and 30% of their time on academic studies.   At the end of the programme, the students will receive a Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia or Sijil Kemahiran Malaysia certificate.   The Government is also converting unused teacher training institutes into polytechnics and vocational colleges.   The High Officials Meeting on South-East Asia TVET aims to create a network among TVET leaders and related development agencies in the region.   It also promotes exchange programmes among lecturers and students, joint research programmes and industrial linkages. Chong said Malaysia, Thailand and Indonesia were among the most active countries in the network.   Also present at the event were Education deputy director-general (education operations sector) Datuk Ahmad Tajudin Jab and South-East Asia Ministers of Education Organisation Secretariat director Dr Gatot Hari Priowirjanto.   Tags / Keywords: TVET , Chong Sin Woon , Education Related Stories Related Stories Chong: Vocational grads are in demand Chong: Parents not compelled to enrol kids in govt schools ‘PAS playing same game as DAP’ Chong Sin Woon: Sekinchan seat belongs to MCA Chong: Keep close watch on your kids You May Be Interested Najib announces RM510mil allocation for palm oil smallholders Contractor gets four weeks’ jail and fine for offering cop RM600 bribe Govt to reimburse Proton RM1.1b as grant for R&D Chinese carmaker Geely to acquire Proton Kurup: Having a common vision of Malaysia will help bridge racial and religious divide Remand extended for corporal, middleman in Melaka graft probe Others Also Read Go Thai for a change Family forced to live under flyover Partner up! Self-driving car firms form tangled web of alliances advertisement Latest News Govt to reimburse Proton RM1.1b as grant for R&D Travel and broaden your horizons, US envoy tells youths How Manchester bomber killed dozens in an unguarded foyer, apparently unchecked Polish couple died in Manchester attack - foreign minister Shafie denies receiving funds linked to 1MDB Most Viewed in News Mum falls for man matchmade to daughter Homeless hailed as heroes in Manchester attack Suspect detained over missing pastor case Hard times: Japanese yakuza arrested for stealing food Manchester suicide bomber was a local boy and university dropout Manchester blast: Malaysian student witnesses blast just rows away from his seat MBI investors keep calm and shop despite red flag No bad blood between Mat Over and David Teo at NTP event Plane slides off runway at Hong Kong International Airport during downpour Theresa May: UK to deploy troops after attack, risk now critical Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Research Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 25 May 2017. 6pm 31 May 2017. 6pm 15 June 2017. 6pm 29 June 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital CN Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Research Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 25 May 2017. 6pm 31 May 2017. 6pm 15 June 2017. 6pm 29 June 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Nishant Varma Christian Schmidt Huub Verschueren Mark A. Smith Helaine Kang Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Columnists Morning Market Pulse Manchester City United Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:13 23 May 2017 FTSE 100 Index called to open flat at 7495, having traded sideways around 7500 overnight, as high as 7515 and with a 7490 floor. This keeps the bullish inverse Head & Shoulders in play although falling highs since yesterday’s peak must be monitored (bearish descending triangle top?). Bulls need a break above 7510; Bears are eyeing a breach of 7490. Watch levels: Bullish 7510, Bearish 7490. A flat opening call comes as Asian markets react cautiously to yet another terror event, this time in Manchester. This latest horror merely adds to a melting pot of UK frustration as the country deals with ugly election campaigning before a June 8 snap general election and what is sure to be even uglier Brexit negotiations that begin just weeks after. The UK FTSE is holding up for the moment thanks to fresh GBP weakness as the US Dollar finds support following its Trump-induced sell-off. Interestingly, the German DAX underperforms in spite of the EUR coming off its highs versus the Greenback, normally a benefit for its army of exporter names. Japan’s Nikkei underperforms as the Yen benefits from traditional safe haven seeking to hinder exporters. Australia’s ASX posts small losses as financials fall and Copper, Iron Ore and Oil come of recent rebound highs - USD off its lows, and despite OPEC optimism - to hamper Energy and Miners. US indices closed higher across the board on Monday, with the S&P 500 returning to within touching distance of all-time highs. Closing only around 0.4% from the previous record, the Tech sector led risers on the S&P, a performance that helped the Nasdaq to outperform peers. The Dow Jones was led once again by Manufacturers (3M, Boeing) as President Trump continues his Middle Eastern tour, while Pfizer and DuPont contributed the most losses. Crude Oil prices have edged lower overnight as investors take stock of the 3-week, 14% rally from near 6-month lows, engaging in profit taking that sees both Brent and US benchmarks fall back below resistance at $54 and $41 respectively. Markets will continue to monitor the latest rhetoric from OPEC members ahead of Thursday’s meeting in Vienna to discuss an extension to production cuts, while tonight’s API inventory data provides the latest insight into US production. Gold has ticked higher overnight on fresh safe-haven demand, brought about by last night’s terror attack in Manchester. The precious metal now tests resistance at $1262 for the second time in under a week, further underpinned by the US dollar touching fresh 6-month lows overnight. Further greenback weakness could inspire a break above to test 11-month falling highs resistance at $1283. In focus today, will be ongoing reaction to events in Manchester, where a terrorist attack killed more than twenty concert goers and injured many more late last night. UK Election campaigning has been suspended as a result, as May’s Tory lead continues to be eroded in favour of Corbyn’s Labour, with 90,000 new voters registered just yesterday for 8 June. Data-wise, we eye a deluge of Manufacturing & Services PMIs. This morning, French Manufacturing is seen virtually flat while Services tick lower, the same being true for German and Eurozone Manufacturing although Services should hold steady. This afternoon, US Manufacturing is seen improving slightly while Services hold firm. Other releases include German IFO surveys, expected to tick slightly higher across the board, shortly before UK Public Sector Net Borrowing is forecast to almost double in April while CBI Retail Sales are seen falling sharply in April. US New Home Sales are expected to retreat from April’s 9-year highs, while the Richmond Fed Manufacturing Index continues to edge back from March highs. The roster for speakers today is jam-packed, with German Chancellor Merkel (10am) kicking things off, before the Fed’s Kashkari (2pm & 8:15pm) speaks either side of the ECB’s Coeure (4pm; roundtable discussion on “Impact of macroeconomic policies on European imbalances” at the 10th anniversary of the Paris School of Economics). The Philadelphia Fed President Harker (10pm) rounds things off with a presentation and audience Q&A in New York. Accendo Markets Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Spreadbetting, CFD trading and Forex are leveraged. This means they can result in losses exceeding your original deposit. Ensure you understand the risks, seek independent financial advice if necessary. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Morning Market Pulse http://www.accendomarkets.com Accendo Markets’ morning report offers readers a concise explanation as to why the FTSE100 is called up/down each morning with a glance at its technical levels as well as that of Oil and Gold. We look at the how US bourses closed and what has been happening in Asia, with elaboration on drivers including macro-economic data, corporate results and central bank commentary and what to look out for during the trading day. International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Contract Awards / Boeing Gets $1.1B MDA Contract Modification for Kill Vehicle Development Boeing Gets $1.1B MDA Contract Modification for Kill Vehicle Development Jane Edwards May 23, 2017 Contract Awards, News 199 Views Boeing (NYSE: BA) has received a potential five-year, $1.1 billion contract modification from the Missile Defense Agency to continue to provide development support for the Redesigned Kill Vehicle program. The modification increases the total value of a previously awarded contract from $4.7 billion to $5.8 billion, the Defense Department said Monday. Boeing will collaborate with Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) and Raytheon (NYSE: RTN) to develop the RKV system and perform work in Alabama, Arizona, California and other government designated locations through June 30, 2022. The contract covers payload development, integration and ground testing with the Ground-based Midcourse Defense system and Ground-Based Interceptor platform as well as the production of four RKVs for initial deployment and flight testing services. Boeing serves as the prime contractor on a contract to develop and sustain the GMD system for MDA. MDA will obligate $250,000 from research, development, test and evaluation funds for fiscal 2017 at the time of award. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags Boeing contract modification Defense Department DOD featured GBI GMD govcon Ground-Based Interceptor Ground-based Midcourse Defense Lockheed Martin MDA missile defense agency Raytheon Redesigned Kill Vehicle RKV Related Articles Air Force Cyber Vet Christopher McDaniels Joins Mosaic451 as CISO May 24, 2017 May 23 Market Close: GovCon Index Hits 30 Day High and S&P Close to 2,400 May 23, 2017 Trump’s Budget Proposal Adds Half Trillion to Defense Spending, to Balance in 10 Years May 23, 2017 Check Also Northrop Grumman: HAMMR Multi-Mission Radar Capability Demonstrated During US Army’s C-RAM Test At Yuma Proving Ground earlier this year, the U.S. Army selected Northrop Grumman Corporation’s (NYSE: … Lockheed, BAE Vet DeEtte Gray to Head CACI’s US Operations; Ken Asbury Comments DeEtte Gray, formerly president of the intelligence and security sector at BAE Systems’ U.S. subsidiary, … Archives Archives Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags Air Force Cyber Vet Christopher McDaniels Joins Mosaic451 as CISO May 24, 2017 May 23 Market Close: GovCon Index Hits 30 Day High and S&P Close to 2,400 May 23, 2017 Trump’s Budget Proposal Adds Half Trillion to Defense Spending, to Balance in 10 Years May 23, 2017 Leidos Secures SPAWAR Contract for Navy ISR Platform Support; Tim Reardon Comments May 23, 2017 Northrop Grumman: HAMMR Multi-Mission Radar Capability Demonstrated During US Army’s C-RAM Test May 23, 2017 NIST Reveals Draft of Cybersecurity Framework May 18, 2017 2,738 Ann-Marie Johnson Named Business Devt Exec for DHS Operations at Unisys Federal May 22, 2017 379 Alion Science Names 30-Year A&D Industry Vet Steve Schorer President, CEO May 18, 2017 344 John Mengucci Takes On Expanded COO Role at CACI; Ken Asbury Comments May 23, 2017 332 Banking & Finance Vet Ruth McMorrow to Head Parsons Enterprises Business May 18, 2017 320 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... govcon featured Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz Lockheed Martin Defense Department Contract Awards business news Financial News Northrop Grumman government contracting Raytheon Contract Award Boeing Executive moves DOD General Dynamics nyse news GovCon Index financial report SAIC U.S. Air Force U.S. Navy BAE Systems Navy Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz SAIC to Provide IT Services to EPA Under $320M Task Order; Bob Genter Comments AT&T Secures $119M GSA Task Order for Updates to CDC Comms Systems; Mike Leff Comments Jacobs Secures $130M Contract to Support Army Electronic Proving Ground; Darren Kraabel Comments SAP NS2’s Mark Testoni Urges Better Protection, Management of Legacy Systems Fortinet Names Former NSA, Commerce Officials as Directors for Newly Launched Federal Business DSCA Names Lockheed, Raytheon Prime Contractors on Potential $2B Missile Sale to UAE @Follow Me New post: May 23 Market Close: GovCon Index Hits 30 Day High and S&P Close to 2,400 https://t.co/45GU5K65Yn9 hours ago New post: Trump’s Budget Proposal Adds Half Trillion to Defense Spending, to Balance in 10 Years https://t.co/wmMA6nm3DZ9 hours ago New post: Leidos Secures SPAWAR Contract for Navy ISR Platform Support; Tim Reardon Comments https://t.co/J9Xb2vvvHc9 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 24 great B2B and B2C brand journalism sites Advocate Heath Care is asking whether breastfed babies are smarter. Semiconductor chip maker Intel has insights on the top five most impressive game explosions. Power drink maker Red Bull wants you to know about three generations of a high-flying family and its “skytyping” business. All three are examples of a trend that has accelerated in the past six years: brand journalism sites. Recently, I was asked for stellar examples. After hitting up several experts, I offer the list below. Why practice brand journalism? Ragan Communications chief executive Mark Ragan, a former national political reporter and an early advocate of brand journalism, offers his philosophy: Stop begging the media, and become the media yourself. “Newsrooms have been decimated,” Ragan says. “If you want your company’s story told, you’d better write it or shoot it yourself. “But brand journalism works only if your story is credible, is helpful to the reader and eschews all corporate-speak and jargon. If the story is self-serving or it is designed to sell, it’s not brand journalism. It’s marketing.” (Ragan heads Ragan Consulting Group, which works with businesses to establish brand journalism sites.) From videos to white papers David Meerman Scott , another early advocate, defines brand journalism as the creation of web content—videos, blog posts, photos, charts, graphs, essays, e-books, white papers—that deliver value to the marketplace and position organizations as worthy of doing business with. “Brand journalism is not a product pitch,” he says. “It is not an advertorial. It is not an egotistical spewing of gobbledygook-laden corporate drivel.” He adds that those with the traditional skills of marketing, public relations, advertising and copywriting are not the right people to create brand journalism content. “Instead, you need the skills of a journalist,” he says. [RELATED: Learn how to infuse storytelling and great writing into all your communications at the Business Writing Summit.] Here are the sites we came up with: B2B brand journalism The good news, for a B2B company, is that you needn’t sit out this trend as flashy B2C companies like Red Bull hog the limelight. Consider the following. Cisco Systems, the networking hardware company, covers everything from innovative technology hitting the theater stage to IT that skills offer opportunities for Jordanian women. American Express’ OPEN Forum started out as a forum for small businesses, but it has grown into a leading brand journalism site. And just how is virtual reality going to shape the future of consumer experiences? IQ by Intel, in showcasing technology, offers not only the explosions article, but one on athletes and fans preparing for an e-sports competition Down Under. Adobe’s CMO will fill you in about everything from artificial intelligence to the U.S. Census Bureau, all in an effort to interest potential customers in the marketing department. Guys, HSBC Global Connections (and your female colleagues) think it’s high time you figured out “What Women Want—And What Businesses Need To Know.” GE has experimented with polished Facebook Live-casts tied to the Rio Olympics and “drome week.” If you’ve ever wondered how pilots rescue people from an avalanche in the Italian Alps, here’s where to go. UPS’ Longitudes has hosted series on trade and offers a piece titled, “3D Printing—Evolution Rather than Revolution.” Boeing has provided a wealth of stories and videos for aviation fans. A Veterans Day feature might sound internal: “Corps Education: Employees share how lessons learned during militaryservice have helped them at Boeing.” Because the aerospace company’s customers include the Pentagon and many veterans in the airlines industry, it made sense as an outward-facing story, as well. Speaking of the Pentagon, Scott recommends the U.S. military’s Armed with Science site. Where else could you find out how the military is capturing sunlight at Nellis Air Force Base? B2C brand journalism Although giant consumer brands such as Coca-Cola were pathfinders in this area, many hospitals have joined the stampede as they find the public is eager for news about health care and healthy living. Coca-Cola Journey fills us in on testing augmented reality for bottling equipment maintenance. It’s also a good place to go if you want to see how a 125-year-old company digs into its archives for interesting story ideas. (Just who was Dr. Joseph Jacobs?) The Red Bulletin stays true to its adventure-seeking theme, because after all, don’t we all feel like diving with killer whales in Norway after guzzling a sports drink? Walmart Today, which has been highlighting a major U.S. manufacturing initiative, reports on a Polish candle-making company (and Walmart supplier) that put one of its factories in the United States. Advocate’s health enews offers good-living advice from doctors, nutritionists and other experts. Advocate isn’t the only hospital in this arena. Cleveland Clinic is the granddaddy in the field, and Cape Cod Health and Health Beat at Spectrum Health provide similar information in their markets. Among other things, Cape Cod will tell you what to do if your child is a picky eater. (Ragan consulted on Advocate, Spectrum and Cape Cod Health’s sites.) The Cleveland Metropolitan School District has also jumped in on the trend, with stories such as the one on a senior who won a $40,000 scholarship in a “Stop the Hate” contest. Alberta Energy Regulator’s reSource—like Denver Water’s Tap, Duke Energy’s Illumination and Omaha Public Power District’s The Wire—proves that utilities can get in on the game. (Ragan also provided consulting or training for these companies.) JLL, a professional services and investment management company, shows how companies needn’t be constricted by a limited definition of what interests their clientele. The latest issue reports on the surge in skyscraper hotels and how India is making cites safe for women. The site earned coverage in The Wall Street Journal. Universities are getting in on the act, too. Metropolitan State University Denver has a new brand journalism site that tells about teaming up with the IRS’ Criminal Investigative Unit (also a Ragan client). An international consortium of universities offers scientific research in a journalism format at Futurity, where you can find out what mice and rats can teach us about anorexia. Upset that we left something out? No need to release underfed lab rats in our Chicago office or skywrite your disappointment over Lake Michigan. Just add your favorites to the comments. (Image via) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pazoo, Inc. (PZOOD: OTC Pink Current) | Symbol Change Next PostNext Kids Walkie Talkie Market Review, Development Trends and Forecasts to 2022 Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 24 great B2B and B2C brand journalism sites Advocate Heath Care is asking whether breastfed babies are smarter. Semiconductor chip maker Intel has insights on the top five most impressive game explosions. Power drink maker Red Bull wants you to know about three generations of a high-flying family and its “skytyping” business. All three are examples of a trend that has accelerated in the past six years: brand journalism sites. Recently, I was asked for stellar examples. After hitting up several experts, I offer the list below. Why practice brand journalism? Ragan Communications chief executive Mark Ragan, a former national political reporter and an early advocate of brand journalism, offers his philosophy: Stop begging the media, and become the media yourself. “Newsrooms have been decimated,” Ragan says. “If you want your company’s story told, you’d better write it or shoot it yourself. “But brand journalism works only if your story is credible, is helpful to the reader and eschews all corporate-speak and jargon. If the story is self-serving or it is designed to sell, it’s not brand journalism. It’s marketing.” (Ragan heads Ragan Consulting Group, which works with businesses to establish brand journalism sites.) From videos to white papers David Meerman Scott , another early advocate, defines brand journalism as the creation of web content—videos, blog posts, photos, charts, graphs, essays, e-books, white papers—that deliver value to the marketplace and position organizations as worthy of doing business with. “Brand journalism is not a product pitch,” he says. “It is not an advertorial. It is not an egotistical spewing of gobbledygook-laden corporate drivel.” He adds that those with the traditional skills of marketing, public relations, advertising and copywriting are not the right people to create brand journalism content. “Instead, you need the skills of a journalist,” he says. [RELATED: Learn how to infuse storytelling and great writing into all your communications at the Business Writing Summit.] Here are the sites we came up with: B2B brand journalism The good news, for a B2B company, is that you needn’t sit out this trend as flashy B2C companies like Red Bull hog the limelight. Consider the following. Cisco Systems, the networking hardware company, covers everything from innovative technology hitting the theater stage to IT that skills offer opportunities for Jordanian women. American Express’ OPEN Forum started out as a forum for small businesses, but it has grown into a leading brand journalism site. And just how is virtual reality going to shape the future of consumer experiences? IQ by Intel, in showcasing technology, offers not only the explosions article, but one on athletes and fans preparing for an e-sports competition Down Under. Adobe’s CMO will fill you in about everything from artificial intelligence to the U.S. Census Bureau, all in an effort to interest potential customers in the marketing department. Guys, HSBC Global Connections (and your female colleagues) think it’s high time you figured out “What Women Want—And What Businesses Need To Know.” GE has experimented with polished Facebook Live-casts tied to the Rio Olympics and “drome week.” If you’ve ever wondered how pilots rescue people from an avalanche in the Italian Alps, here’s where to go. UPS’ Longitudes has hosted series on trade and offers a piece titled, “3D Printing—Evolution Rather than Revolution.” Boeing has provided a wealth of stories and videos for aviation fans. A Veterans Day feature might sound internal: “Corps Education: Employees share how lessons learned during militaryservice have helped them at Boeing.” Because the aerospace company’s customers include the Pentagon and many veterans in the airlines industry, it made sense as an outward-facing story, as well. Speaking of the Pentagon, Scott recommends the U.S. military’s Armed with Science site. Where else could you find out how the military is capturing sunlight at Nellis Air Force Base? B2C brand journalism Although giant consumer brands such as Coca-Cola were pathfinders in this area, many hospitals have joined the stampede as they find the public is eager for news about health care and healthy living. Coca-Cola Journey fills us in on testing augmented reality for bottling equipment maintenance. It’s also a good place to go if you want to see how a 125-year-old company digs into its archives for interesting story ideas. (Just who was Dr. Joseph Jacobs?) The Red Bulletin stays true to its adventure-seeking theme, because after all, don’t we all feel like diving with killer whales in Norway after guzzling a sports drink? Walmart Today, which has been highlighting a major U.S. manufacturing initiative, reports on a Polish candle-making company (and Walmart supplier) that put one of its factories in the United States. Advocate’s health enews offers good-living advice from doctors, nutritionists and other experts. Advocate isn’t the only hospital in this arena. Cleveland Clinic is the granddaddy in the field, and Cape Cod Health and Health Beat at Spectrum Health provide similar information in their markets. Among other things, Cape Cod will tell you what to do if your child is a picky eater. (Ragan consulted on Advocate, Spectrum and Cape Cod Health’s sites.) The Cleveland Metropolitan School District has also jumped in on the trend, with stories such as the one on a senior who won a $40,000 scholarship in a “Stop the Hate” contest. Alberta Energy Regulator’s reSource—like Denver Water’s Tap, Duke Energy’s Illumination and Omaha Public Power District’s The Wire—proves that utilities can get in on the game. (Ragan also provided consulting or training for these companies.) JLL, a professional services and investment management company, shows how companies needn’t be constricted by a limited definition of what interests their clientele. The latest issue reports on the surge in skyscraper hotels and how India is making cites safe for women. The site earned coverage in The Wall Street Journal. Universities are getting in on the act, too. Metropolitan State University Denver has a new brand journalism site that tells about teaming up with the IRS’ Criminal Investigative Unit (also a Ragan client). An international consortium of universities offers scientific research in a journalism format at Futurity, where you can find out what mice and rats can teach us about anorexia. Upset that we left something out? No need to release underfed lab rats in our Chicago office or skywrite your disappointment over Lake Michigan. Just add your favorites to the comments. (Image via) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pazoo, Inc. (PZOOD: OTC Pink Current) | Symbol Change Next PostNext Kids Walkie Talkie Market Review, Development Trends and Forecasts to 2022 Search Recent Posts World Bank and Ulaanbaatar City Partner to Improve Municipal Capital Investment Planning and Public Transport Financing Дэлхийн Банк, Нийслэлийн захиргаа хотын төсвийн хөрөнгө оруулалтын төлөвлөлт, нийтийн тээврийн санхүүжилтийг сайжруулахад хамтран ажиллана Global Machine Translation Market share to reach $1.5bn by 2024 United States Bike Helmets Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Europe Waste Heat Recovery in Oil and Gas Market: Basic Influencing Factors Driving the Market Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
null
BR America       中文       Deutsch       Français       日本語       ChinAfrica Search      Subscribe Home      Nation      World      Business      Opinion      Lifestyle      Multimedia      Documents      Special Reports      Africa Travel Nation Taking Wing The successful launch of the first homemade jumbo jet boosts China's entire civil aviation industry chain By Wang Hairong | NO. 20 MAY 18, 2017 The C919 takes off from the Shanghai Pudong International Airport for a 79-minute maiden flight on May 5 (XINHUA) "This is a historic moment. Finally in the sky, there is a large aircraft that belongs to China, produced according to the world's advanced standards." That was how the Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (COMAC) announced to the world that the country's first indigenously made jumbo jet had completed its maiden flight on the afternoon of May 5, adding a milestone to China's aviation history. The C919, the pioneering plane that took off from the Shanghai Pudong International Airport and flew for 79 minutes, is a single-aisle passenger aircraft with 158 seats. Its standard flight range is 4,075 km and maximum flight range 5,555 km. COMAC had more details: "A plane with the rear fuselage painted in blue and green to symbolize the sky and earth and with youthful wings gracefully stretched out, landed steadily on the fourth runway (of the Shanghai Pudong International Airport)," it said in its a press release. Ripple effect  "I am very excited. The maiden flight is a reward for our years of hard work," Zhang Jiong, a senior engineer with COMAC's Beijing research center, told Beijing Review. Zhang, who joined COMAC in 2011 after getting his doctoral degree, said staff members had waited for nine years to see this moment. Congratulations poured in. The joint message sent by the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the State Council read, "The success of the maiden flight marks a major breakthrough in China's large aircraft project and an important milestone in the development of China's civil aviation industry." Kang Yuanli, leader of an aircraft power research team in COMAC's Beijing research center, told Beijing Review that the maiden flight was a breakthrough for several reasons. "We are not only developing and producing one plane. More importantly, through the process, we have constructed a strategic platform for civil aircraft development and research," she said, adding that the project has also promoted the upgrading of other industries, including manufacturing and electronics. In the process of developing the C919, a civil aircraft industrial chain involving nearly 200,000 persons in 200-plus companies in 22 provinces and municipalities has been formed. The project has also fostered joint ventures between 16 international aviation companies and their Chinese counterparts, spurring the production of avionics, flight control, power, fuel, landing gear and other airborne systems. COMAC, headquartered in Shanghai, was established in 2008 to coordinate the construction of jumbo jets as well as regional jets. Meeting market needs  Air transportation, once serving the rich and privileged, is now accessible to the general public. In recent years, the number of airline passengers has soared. Statistics from the Civil Aviation Administration of China show that in 2016, the annual passenger throughput of airports in China exceeded 1.16 billion, an increase of 11.1 percent over the previous year. By the end of 2016, there were 218 airports on the Chinese mainland. The data also show that most passengers travel on domestic flights. However, the passenger throughput for international routes in 2016 surpassed 100 million for the first time in China's history, up 19.3 percent over the previous year. According to Development of China's Transport, a white paper released in December 2016, China has 2,650 registered civil aviation aircraft. Boeing and Airbus are the two dominant suppliers of jumbos to China. In recent years, Chinese aviation companies have bought these airliners in large numbers. For instance, in 2015, during President Xi Jinping's visit to Seattle, the United States, Chinese aviation companies signed agreements to purchase 300 Boeings. The Aviation Industry Corp. of China has predicted that from 2015 to 2034, demand for airplanes will grow at high speed. It estimated that during this period, civil aviation companies in China will purchase 5,522 civil aircraft, including 4,580 jumbos. By the end of 2034, civil aviation fleets in China are expected to have 6,360 passenger planes in total, including 5,378 jumbo jets. So the C919 is going to enter a huge and lucrative market, where it will compete with jumbo jets such as the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. COMAC has already received orders for 570 C919 planes from 23 customers, including China Eastern Airlines. Nonetheless, there is still a long way to go before the C919 is put into service. It will undergo years of grueling tests before it can be awarded airworthiness and other certifications. The process may take five to eight years, Kang said.   Maintenance staff on May 4 get the C919 ready for its maiden flight (XINHUA)  Cutting-edge technology  Since research to develop the C919 started in 2008, breakthroughs have been achieved in more than 100 core technologies. According to COMAC, the C919 has been designed to face 5 percent less drag, the opposing aerodynamic force that an aircraft has to face while in the air, than similar planes in service. It will also be 10 decibels quieter than the external noise standards set by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO). Moreover, its designed carbon dioxide emission is 12 to 15 percent lower than ICAO standards and nitrogen oxide emission more than 50 percent lower. Last but not least, its direct operation cost is 10 percent less. To increase the plane's service life and further reduce weight, new materials such as aluminum-lithium alloy, composite and other advanced materials have been used. Composite materials comprise complementary metals, ceramic and polymer to produce better performance, said Kang. The highly integrated modular avionics system means less weight, lower energy consumption, increased safety and easier maintenance, Zhang added. COMAC has made the best use of domestic and international resources to make the C919, he explained. Some systems such as avionics and flight control were produced in joint ventures with 16 multinational companies, including U.S. General Electric and Honeywell. A jumbo jet has millions of components. Putting them together and optimizing their function is a challenging task. The C919's nose alone consists of more than 5,000 parts, which were produced by the AVIC Chengdu Aircraft Industrial Group. The aircraft's system integration was carried out by Chinese engineers.  Workers at the AVIC Chengdu Aircraft Industrial workshop assemble the C919's windshield on April 28 (XINHUA)  Crew members wave to the welcoming crowd after the C919, China's first indigenous passenger plane, completed its maiden flight and landed at the Shanghai Pudong International Airport on May 5 (XINHUA) Unsung heroes  The process of developing homemade jumbo jets has been facilitated by a team whose talent and dedication is being acknowledged now. From about 3,000 people in 2008, COMAC's staff has grown to over 10,000. Some of their stories are inspirational. Wang Wei is a metaler who joined COMAC at its inception. The 50-year-old said his interest in airplanes came from his father, who worked for Shanghai Aircraft Manufacturing Factory, presently known as the Shanghai Aviation Industrial Co. Wang's father was part of the team that made the Y-10, China's first indigenously developed jet in the 1970s. It was first flown in 1980 but the program was halted later. Wang worked in the same factory and after the Y-10 program came to a stop, he became a taxi driver. However, he was sure that one day China would need metalers again to build airplanes and he continued to practice his metaling skills in his spare time. When the news came that the C919 would be built, Wang applied at COMAC and got the job, though by that time he was over 40. In 2011, he took part in a national professional skill contest and won a prize. His story was brought to the public by China Central Television. Li Dongsheng, Deputy Director of COMAC's Beijing research center, leads the team on researching composite materials used for the wings. Before joining COMAC in 2009, Li worked in research and development for Airbus. After learning China was to build its own jumbo jet, he returned to China and joined COMAC. Kang started her career as a civil aviation electric engineer in Honeywell's subsidiary in Canada in 2002. She joined COMAC in 2013. Copyedited by Sudeshna Sarkar  Comments to wanghairong@bjreview.com Related: • China-Made C919 No Challenge to Boeing, Airbus Dominance • 01 • 02 • The Cradle of C919 • C919 Passenger Aircraft About Us    |    Contact Us    |    Advertise with Us    |    Subscribe Partners: ChinAfrica   |   China.org.cn   |   China Today   |   China Pictorial   |   People's Daily Online   |   Women of China   |   Xinhua News Agency   |   China Daily CCTV   |   China Tibet Online   |   China Radio International   |   Beijing Today   |   gb times   |   China Job.com   |   Eastday   |   CCN Copyright Beijing Review All rights reserved 京ICP备08005356号 京公网安备110102005860号 SHARE Twitter Facebook Google+ WeChat Weibo Email Print Chinese Dictionary:
SUBSCRIBE NOW$5.00 a month Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Insider Mitch Albom Advice Archives Media USA TODAY Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Insider Mitch Albom Advice Archives Media USA TODAY Subscribe social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 12 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Yet again, Bill Ford makes bold decision to shake up company Bill Ford's decision to hire former Steelcase CEO Jim Hackett evokes similarities with the decision to hire Mulally in 2006. Both came from outside the industry, both were given a mandate to transform the company. Post to Facebook Yet again, Bill Ford makes bold decision to shake up company Bill Ford's decision to hire former Steelcase CEO Jim Hackett evokes similarities with the decision to hire Mulally in 2006. Both came from outside the industry, both were given a mandate to transform the company.  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2rKnWdN {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 6 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Yet again, Bill Ford makes bold decision to shake up company Brent Snavely and Eric D. Lawrence, Detroit Free Press Published 11:32 p.m. ET May 22, 2017 | Updated 19 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Ford is replacing CEO Mark Fields with Jim Hackett as it struggles to keep its traditional auto-manufacturing business running smoothly while remaking itself as a nimble, high-tech provider of new mobility services. (May 22) AP Buy Photo New Ford CEO Jim Hackett, left, and Executive Chairman Bill Ford announce and discuss the company's management shake-up on Monday, May 22, 2017 at the Ford Motor Company World Headquarters in Dearborn. (Photo: Elaine Cromie, Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo 12 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE Ford Executive Chairman Bill Ford has once again made a bold decision to shake up the company’s leadership by hiring a new CEO from outside the auto industry. Ford is giving former Steelcase CEO Jim Hackett a mandate to inject energy into the company culture and improve the company's ability to make quick decisions in a fast-changing industry environment.  The decision by Ford, and its board of directors, is similar to the decision made in 2006 when the company was in a financial tailspin and brought in Alan Mulally, an executive from Boeing. Ford is seeking to recapture the magic of an outsider's insight and expertise. "It's hard to do," Bill Ford said. "But Jim is a change agent." Then, as now, Ford hired a CEO that he hopes will help the automaker make decisions faster and who will break down bureaucratic barriers between workers. Also then, as now, Wall Street was losing confidence in the automaker. "He is really a proven transformation leader. He is a visionary leader. We have always clicked when thinking about the future," Ford said in reference to Hackett. "He will continue to transform the culture of Ford Motor Co. — the culture of caring about each other, the culture about caring about the company." Hackett, 62, had been heading the automaker's "mobility" division and was a favorite of Bill Ford. His appointment came as a surprise at a company not known for them. He replaces Mark Fields, who rose up the ranks of Ford's management over a 28-year career to become CEO in 2014. "Ford is no stranger to looking outside of the house of Dearborn for someone to affect radical change," Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Jonas said in a research note Monday. "This time, Ford is looking for the former CEO of Steelcase and current head of Ford Smart Mobility LLC to reposition the company in a world of (electric vehicles), shared mobility and autonomous driving." Related: Who is Jim Hackett? Ford's likely next CEO overhauled Steelcase Ford to cut 1,400 salaried jobs in North America, Asia Ford to shareholders: We're frustrated by stock price, too Bill Ford said he promised himself that he would not make a comparison between Hackett and Mulally, even though it's inevitable. Both are outsiders;  both come from manufacturing industries. And in both cases, Ford was able to develop an instant bond with the men. "I will break this rule just once in saying Alan really captured the hearts and minds of our employees and made them feel that not only could we win, but that we were going to win, and we are going to have fun on the journey. And I think that's something very much you will see with Jim," Ford said. The automaker needs to reinvent itself as a more efficient company, poised to capitalize on a future in which people may not drive or own their own vehicles. Investors are bracing for seismic changes to sweep through the transportation sector — potentially making car ownership unnecessary for millions of consumers in an autonomous, ride-sharing world. Nothing short of major transformation will impress them. While Ford's decision to overhaul its management team was embraced by Wall Street analysts, it did not do much for the company's stock: Ford's stock increased 23 cents, or 2%, to close at $11.10 per share. Close bond Another similarity between Mulally and Hackett is an apparent close, personal bond with Ford. Hackett joined Ford's board of directors in 2013 and became chairman of a new subsidiary called Ford Smart Mobility, but Bill Ford and Hackett have known each other for years. At a media event in January, they were virtually inseparable. Bill Ford repeatedly praised the former furniture executive for his outside-the-box thinking and leadership. "Bill Ford and Jim Hackett have developed a close relationship while developing the company's future mobility strategy," said Michelle Krebs, executive analyst at Kelley Blue Book. Building on 'One Ford' Mulally's answer to Ford's troubles in 2006 was to sell most of the brands it had accumulated and focus primarily on the Ford brand. Mulally also worked tirelessly to create a team-oriented environment and to change the culture from one that was legendary for backstabbing among executives. But while Mulally's "One Ford" strategy saved the company from Chapter 11 bankruptcy, it also established a management structure that is too complicated for today's fast-moving world, Hackett said. "He created a matrix structure. The power of that was to get the people all over the world working together. And they had mastery of that," Hackett said. Hackett said one of his first priorities is to simplify the decision-making process, with fewer people involved in setting the company's strategic direction. Ford has been earning billions annually, driven in part by a seven-year growth period in U.S. industry sales. Fields, as CEO, oversaw the launch of an all-new F-150 pickup with an aluminum body — a technological achievement that bolstered sales and profits from the company's top-selling vehicle. Fields also led Ford's effort to transform itself into and "automotive and a mobility company," as it works towards launching a fully autonomous vehicle by 2021. Still, Ford's stock price has declined by 40% since Fields became CEO, and there is a feeling among analysts that Ford has fallen behind rival General Motors when it comes to autonomous vehicles. Fields, 56, also had the unenviable task of replacing an "almost larger-than-life figure in the history of Ford Motor Co.," Kelley Blue Book analyst Karl Brauer said. "You're never going to look as good." As pressure from shareholders and Wall Street mounted, Ford's board of directors met Friday to talk about the management team and the company's future.  The decision to ask Fields to resign was made during that meeting, Ford said. "Then, following that, Mark and I got together and Mark and I decided it was the right time for him to resign, and he came to that conclusion," Ford said. "So (Hackett) has had less than 72 hours in terms of his thinking." And yet, Hackett's appointment was just one of several adjustments made to the management team. Both Jim Farley, who had been president of Europe, and Joe Hinrichs, who had been president of the Americas, now will have global roles. And both men gained the title of executive vice president. The company also appointed Marcy Klevorn to executive vice president and president, Mobility. Klevorn will oversee Ford Smart Mobility, as well as information technology and global data, insight and analytics.  Last week, Ford paid restricted stock bonuses to several senior executives under its long-term incentive program, including Farley, Klevorn, product development chief Raj Nair and Ford’s head of purchasing, Hau Thai-Tang. "No decision like this is made hastily," Ford said. "And there had been discussions for some time." Barclays analyst Brian Johnson predicts Hackett will serve as CEO for three to four years while the board further evaluates Hinrichs and Farley. "It appears both are vying to take over as CEO after Hackett’s work is complete," Johnson said. Making Ford fun While both Bill Ford and Hackett praised Fields for his accomplishments, they also repeatedly said working at Ford needs to be fun even as the company heads into a period of declining U.S. sales. Last week, Ford announced plans to reduce its global salaried workforce by 1,400. When asked if there are more job cuts coming for either salaried or hourly workers, Hackett said the company will continue to evaluate its performance. Johnson predicts Hackett may push for faster and deeper job cuts in any under-performing divisions. But Stephanie Brinley, an analyst with IHS Automotive, said that it’s important to remember how Ford is doing currently when considering the changes. “We aren’t talking about a company that is in dire straits and is performing poorly,” Brinley said, noting that the moves are expected to make a fairly strong company stronger. “We’re not talking about an emergency situation.” Hackett said his expertise is in developing a vision for a company and creating teams to work together towards a clear goal. "We want people coming to work thinking they can have a great day here," Hackett said.  It's the same type of "feel-good" emotion Hackett invoked during a 16-month stretch, from October 2014 to March 2016, as interim athletic director at the University of Michigan. At the time that he took the job, Hackett said, the school had lost its focus on its core sport — football. "We got that re-centered and now the university is doing really well," he said. Hackett helped to recruit and hire Jim Harbaugh as the head coach of the football team — a move that led to the transformation of the team from mediocre back to the top of the division. Ford said he wants Hackett to bring that spirit to the Blue Oval. "One of the things that has frustrated me over the years is our obsession over hierarchy," Ford said. "If we really are going to get the best out of our employees and really get true teamwork, then we are going to have to bend that notion of hierarchy within the company." Contact Brent Snavely: 313-222-6512 or bsnavely@freepress.com. Follow him on Twitter @BrentSnavely. 12 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2rKnWdN
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Business LATEST NEWS Salman Abedi: Student dropout turned suicide bomber India considering punitive actions against Pakistan: US official China calls for new talks with North Korea on nukes Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnologyMisc. Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›Business market stats SENSEX NIFTY 50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) USD/INR Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW China, Russia aim to deliver big jets by 2027 to take on Boeing By Bloomberg | Updated: May 23, 2017, 11.26 AM IST Post a Comment State-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd. and Russia’s United Aircraft Corp. aim to hand over the plane to customers by 2025-2027. Promote your Business on Economictimes.com for free and reach out to millions of potential Customers List Your Business Find Service Near You China and Russia teamed up to develop twin-aisle jets that will compete with Airbus SE and Boeing Co., the plane makers who dominate passenger aircraft capable of trans-continental flights. State-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd. and Russia’s United Aircraft Corp. aim to hand over the plane to customers by 2025-2027, UAC Chairman Yury Slyusar said at a briefing in Shanghai Monday. The new plane will need “billions of US dollars” in investment, he said. The venture will develop a 280-seat aircraft that can fly about 12,000 kilometres (7,500 miles) or more than the distance between London and Singapore. Earlier this month, Comac’s C919, China’s first modern passenger jet, took off on its maiden test flight from Shanghai as the nation tries to break into the near-duopoly of Airbus and Boeing in the market for planes with more than 100 seats. President Xi Jinping’s ‘Made in China 2025’ program has identified aerospace among sectors that could help turn the country into an advanced economy. The large jet’s research and development will be in Moscow while assembly will be in Shanghai, Comac Chairman Jin Zhuanglong said. The companies will seek out an engine supplier for the program and tenders will be sent by the end of the year and for components, next year, said Guo Bozhi, an assistant president at Comac in charge of the project. The China-Russia 280-seat plane will compete against models including Airbus’s A330 and Boeing’s 777, twin-aisle aircraft that are mostly used for trans-continental flights. Cheaper costs will be one of the advantages of the new plane, Guo said. Comments(0)Add Comments China, Russia aim to deliver big jets by 2027 to take on Boeing To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read India, Pakistan, China, Russia discuss Afghanistan situation China, Russia formalise Shanghai JV to build wide-body jet North Korea poses threat to China, Russia: US admiral Donald Trump flipflops on NATO, China, Russia, Syria, trade and more READ MORE ONCommercial Aircraft Corp. of China LtdComac’s C919Boeing CoAirbus Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Avoid These Common Mistakes on Romantic Beach Trips Travel Leaders 9 Ways To Live Better With Psoriatic Arthritis HealthCentral.com 5 Things Car Salesmen Don't Want You To Know Women's ArticleMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years Fleet Review: 6 facts about India's show of strength 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times PreLaunching Northern Waves @Purva Palm Beach Puravankara In conversation with Vivek Wadhwa State Farm Insurance Buy rented offices in Bangalore @ 10% yield. Bluechip tenant Property Share World's Most Awful Billionaire Properties! CrazyFreelancer US consumer confidence hits 16-year high Rupee opens 13 paise up at 65.28 against dollar Remembering the men who shook up the British Raj Penalty proposed for violating insurance redressal norms Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Government asks 129 'non-performing' babus to leave in public interest Indian Army sends strong message to Islamabad, strikes Pakistani posts along LoC ET Exclusive: No reason for major action against Major Leetul Gogoi, says Army Chief Bipin Rawat Message from Army strikes: India reserves the right to hit back at Pakistan Pakistan to turn to China to offset its isolation: US spymaster More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live|IPL 2017 GST Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman What is Next for 3D Printing After China’s First Commercial Airliner Maiden Flight? Press Release What is Next for 3D Printing After China’s First Commercial Airliner Maiden Flight? 21 May 2017 BEIJING, May 23rd, 2017 – The first China built commercial airliner C919 took its maiden flight on 5th May, 2017 at Shanghai Pudong International Airport. This marks a historical moment in China’s aviation industry. C919 was developed by the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China Ltd (COMAC), who used 3D printing technologies and specialty metals like titanium alloys in the developments of the airliner. COMAC designed and assembled C919 in Shanghai while the parts of the airliner were manufactured by different suppliers in China. Front parts and wings were made in Chengdu and Xi’an. The main body parts were made in Nanchang. The “Made in China 2025” master plan sets the routes for China to radically transform its traditional manufacturing economy. The successful maiden flight of C919 has demonstrated China’s ambitions and determination to compete with the high-end manufacturing sector in the West. The “Made in China 2025” master plan focuses on 10 sectors – one of which is the development of aerospace equipment, as well as 3D Printing. The government recognizes that 3D Printing is a strong enabler to China manufacturing’s overall growth. 3D printed titanium parts were installed on C919 to reduce the airliner weight and increase its safety. Twenty-eight cabin door parts and two fan inlet structural parts were installed on C919. The existing parts on C919 were largely made in China, or around 60% vs the original target of only 10%. However, critical parts were still made by foreign suppliers namely CFM International, Liebher-Aerospace, FACC and Honeywell. CFM International supplied the jet engines and Liebher-Aerospace made the landing gear. Honeywell made the flight control systems, wheels, brakes, auxiliary power units and navigation systems while FACC supplied the cockpit. The next target is to increase the parts made locally to 90% and install made-in-China jet engines by 2025. The aggressive development of China’s aviation industry will lead to increasing demand for 3D printers and metal powders. “We will see more use cases on the adoption of 3D printing technologies in the aerospace industry. For instance, General Electric (GE) acquired two metal 3D printer manufacturers, Concept Laser and Arcam, in which they have been providing 3D printers to aircraft parts manufacturers. Jet engine manufacturer Rolls Royce is one of Arcam’s users. Norsk Titanium produces the first Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) approved 3D printed structural titanium components for Boeing Dreamliner,” says Wendy Mok, Research Manager of IDC’s Imaging Printing and Document Solutions research. Mok adds, “In China, the success of C919’s maiden flight implies the use of 3D printed parts on airliners have been recognized by the aviation industry in China. The domestic demand for 3D printed parts will grow with expectations that the orders of 570 units of C919 delivered by COMAC in the future, coupled with an increase in localization rate.” Suppliers of C919 parts have proven the value of adopting 3D printing in the manufacturing process. Metal 3D printers of foreign brands were used by FalconTech, who supplied a total of 30 metal 3D printed parts to C919. Due to its reliability and numerous successful use cases in related industries, imported 3D printers have held a significant competitive advantage over domestic ones in China’s high-end manufacturing sectors. However, it could create financial burden and resources allocation problems to the manufacturers who carry different 3D printers. “Outsourcing 3D printing services will save the initial investment cost and enables the manufacturers to focus on product development. Moreover, individual suppliers could provide services and parts according to their product portfolios. Such collaborations will help improve the overall product quality. This business model also provides 3D printer vendors a point of penetration,” Mok added. “The local aircraft makers will not be the only ones to benefit from the growing aviation industry, with foreign companies also looking at China’s airliner market. Boeing is planning to build a facility in China while Airbus have started to assemble their A320s in Tianjin. Moreover, parts supplied by foreign companies could be made in China as well. The huge domestic demand on airliners is attracting more market players and competition. This will further push the growth of 3D printing industry in terms of both hardware and materials,” Mok added. According to the IDC Worldwide Semiannual 3D Printer Tracker, China’s metal-based 3D Printer market size in 2016 is 181 units and we expect this to grow 4 times in 3 years’ time. The successful maiden flight of C919 has made the usage of 3D printing technologies a role model in China’s manufacturing sector. The brand effect of C919 will further promote the development and applications of innovative technologies. More and more companies are expected to adopt 3D printing technologies in their production process. To achieve the targets set in ‘Made in China 2025’ master plan, the Chinese government will allocate more resources to push the transformation and development of high-end manufacturing sectors. Besides aerospace industry, railways (bullet train) and automotive industries are expected to accelerate their transformation. These activities will induce the demand for advanced 3D printing technology and diversity of materials. “Market players like 3D printer vendors, material suppliers and service bureaus should have a comprehensive understanding on the market segments and their related development trends. With the right market positioning and entry point, these market players will be able to gain more return on the fast-growing 3D printing market,” ended Mok. – Ends – For inquiries on this tracker research, please contact Wendy Mok wmok@idc.com or your IDC account manager. For media inquiries, please contact Tessa Rago trago@idc.com or Alvin Afuang aafuang@idc.com About IDC Trackers IDC Tracker products provide accurate and timely market size, company share, and forecasts for hundreds of technology markets from more than 100 countries around the globe. Using proprietary tools and research processes, IDC’s Trackers are updated on a semiannual, quarterly, and monthly basis. Tracker results are delivered to clients in user-friendly excel deliverables and on-line query tools. The IDC Tracker Charts app allows users to view data charts from the most recent IDC Tracker products on their iPhone and iPad. About IDC International Data Corporation (IDC) is the premier global provider of market intelligence, advisory services, and events for the information technology, telecommunications, and consumer technology markets. With more than 1,100 analysts worldwide, IDC offers global, regional, and local expertise on technology and industry opportunities and trends in over 110 countries. IDC’s analysis and insight helps IT professionals, business executives, and the investment community to make fact-based technology decisions and to achieve their key business objectives. Founded in 1964, IDC is a subsidiary of IDG, the world’s leading technology media, research, and events company. To learn more about IDC, please visit www.idc.com. Follow IDC on Twitter at @IDC. Companies Covered THE BOEING COMPANY, FABRICA ANSAMBLE CONFECTII CONSTRUCTII SRL, CFM INTERNATIONAL, INC., European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company EADS N.V., Concept Laser GmbH, ROLLS-ROYCE HOLDINGS PLC, Honeywell International Inc., General Electric Company, Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China, Ltd., Norsk Hydro ASA, Arcam AB Regions Covered Asia Pacific, China Topics Covered 3D Printer, Applications, Hardware, Printers Contact For more information, contact: Wendy Mok wmok@idc.com (+86) 183 2091 8053 Alvin Afuang aafuang@idc.com +63917 7974586 Theresa Rago trago@idc.com +65 91593053 CategoriesUncategorized TagsResearch Press Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TUCSON, ARIZONA REALTOR® MARY WOLF EARNS MILITARY RELOCATION PROFESSIONAL (MRP) CERTIFICATION Next PostNext Homenageados com Prêmio de Inovação Anunciados para CES Asia 2017 Search Recent Posts Giyani Announces Share for Debt Transaction Pangolin Reports Signing of Royalty Agreement Global Ultraviolet Coatings Market Analysis and Prediction by Leading Manufacturers, its Application and Types Triax Technologies Launches IoT-Based Wearable System to Increase Safety, Visibility in Construction Osage Venture Partners Closes $90M Fund Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Main menu The Philippine Star Pilipino Star Ngayon The Freeman Pang-Masa Banat philstar.com Philippine News for the Filipino Global Community Masthead, pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 Wed | 05/24/2017 03:05pm | Forex: $1:49.820 Search form Search Follow Us: Follow @PhilstarNews Secondary menu Home Headlines Opinion Nation World Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Other Sections Secondary sub-menu SOUTH CHINA SEA NEWSLAB: 31 YEARS OF AMNESIA World ( Leaderboard Top ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 Defense, technology companies lead US stocks higher By Marley Jay (Associated Press) | Updated May 23, 2017 - 8:00am FILE - In this Friday, Nov. 13, 2015, file photo, the American flag flies above the Wall Street entrance to the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks are broadly higher early Monday, May 22, 2017, as the market bounces back from a turbulent week. Defense contractors are making some of the largest gains and materials makers, technology and consumer-focused companies are all rising. Ford is up after it replaced CEO Mark Fields, while chemicals maker Huntsman is rising after it agreed to combine with Swiss competitor Clariant. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) NEW YORK — US stocks are higher yesterday as the market bounces back from a turbulent week. Defense contractors are making gains and technology and consumer-focused companies are also rising. Ford is up after it replaced CEO Mark Fields, while chemicals maker Huntsman is rising after it agreed to combine with Swiss competitor Clariant. KEEPING SCORE: The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 6 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,388 as of 11:15 a.m. Eastern time. The Dow Jones industrial average added 73 points, or 0.4 percent, to 20,877. The Nasdaq composite gained 30 points, or 0.5 percent, to 6,113. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks picked up 4 points, or 0.3 percent, to 1,371. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq both set records early last week before worries about growing political uncertainty in Washington, and its potential effects on President Trump's agenda of tax cuts and deregulation, knocked those indexes back from their highs. The S&P 500 is about 1 percent below its highest close, but the Russell 2000 is down more than 3 percent from the record it set one month ago. AEROSPACE GAINS ALTITUDE: Aerospace and defense companies traded higher after President Trump presided over a $110 billion sale of military equipment to Saudi Arabia. The agreement could expand to $350 billion over 10 years. It appeared to reverse an Obama administration to pause sales of precision-guided munitions to the kingdom. Lockheed Martin climbed $5.35, or 2 percent, to $278.14 and Boeing gained $2.59, or 1.4 percent, to $183.35. Rockwell Automation rose $1.55, or 1 percent, to $158.91. DRIVEN OFF: Ford replaced CEO Mark Fields as the automaker struggles to keep the traditional parts of its business running smoothly while it remakes itself as a nimble, high-tech provider of new mobility services. Fields was CEO for three years, but under his leadership popular cars like the Fusion sedan became dated and Ford lagged competitors in bringing long-range electric cars to market. New CEO is Jim Hackett, who has led Ford's mobility unit for more than a year. Ford added 15 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $11.02. The stock is down 9 percent this year. World ( Article MRec ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 CHEMISTRY: Swiss specialty chemicals maker Clariant and Huntsman Corp. are merging to create a company with a market value of $13.8 billion. The company will call itself HuntsmanClariant and Clariant shareholders will own 52 percent of the new company. Huntsman stock was unchanged at $26.71 and Clariant stock rose 5.8 percent in Switzerland. METAL TESTED: Arconic jumped after the aluminum products company ended a contentious proxy dispute with activist investor Elliott Management. Elliott will get more input as Arconic picks its next CEO, and it will nominate three directors to the company's board. Arconic agreed to nominate two others, and a third board member resigned and was replaced by a candidate Arconic chose. A month ago, Klaus Kleinfeld was ousted as Arconic's chairman and CEO after he sent a threatening letter to Paul Singer, Elliott's founder and Arconic's largest shareholder. Arconic stock gained 32 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $27.90. ENERGY: Oil prices continued to rally and benchmark US crude oil added 51 cents, or 1 percent, to $50.84 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 49 cents to $54.10 a barrel in London. However energy companies traded lower. Halliburton lost 79 cents, or 1.7 percent, to $46.99 and Chevron declined 52 cents to $106. BONDS: Bond prices were little changed. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note remained at 2.24 percent. CURRENCIES: The dollar dipped to 110.97 yen from 111.20 yen late Friday. The euro rose to $1.1243s from $1.1205. OVERSEAS: In Britain, the FTSE 100 gained 0.3 percent. France's CAC rose was little changed and the German DAX dipped 0.1 percent. Japan's market rose following strong trade data. The benchmark Nikkei 225 gained 0.5 percent while the South Korean Kospi jumped 0.7 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng surged 0.9 percent. World ( Article MRec ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 Click here to join the discussion Follow Us: Follow @PhilstarNews Sponsored Posts Henley & Partners offers residence, citizenship programs to Filipinos Important finances to settle when moving to your new home CEMEX subsidiary to commence expansion project in Antipolo City New, fun experiences await Filipinos at SM this 2017 3 intimate love languages of mom Iya and son Primo Making the most of your spend-savvy lifestyle WATCH: Summer advisory, tips from Meralco Alaska says thanks to moms with ‘MaLakas’ 10 ways mothers expressed their nurturing love for us More World US renews call for Hungary to engage with besieged school Ex-CIA chief says he warned Russians about election meddling Germany: Committed to meeting NATO defense spending goals Angry Venezuela protesters take aim at Chavez statues, home More sponsors pull out of New York's Puerto Rican Day parade Manchester police hunt for accomplices; victims young as 8 Germany: No decision yet on relocating from Turkish air base Trump condemns 'evil losers' who carried out concert attack UK police say apparent suicide bomber responsible for Manchester blast Manchester Police raise death toll in Ariana Grande concert blast to 22 Sections Home Headlines Opinion Nation World Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Other Sections Feedback View the discussion thread. World ( MRec ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 LATEST STORIES TRENDING Putin says whistleblowing on doping echoes Stalin’s purges May 24, 2017 - 3:00pm Maguindanao execs call for immediate action on Marawi crisis May 24, 2017 - 2:50pm Duterte asks Putin for a loan to purchase firearms May 24, 2017 - 2:40pm Misuari faces graft raps for ghost purchases while ARMM gov May 24, 2017 - 2:25pm Pacquiao's Aussie coach says Australians will come in droves for Horn fight May 24, 2017 - 2:18pm View more » World ( Button Ad ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 World ( Skyscraper 1 ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 Philstar Global About | Contact | Advertise Unit 909-910 Infinity Tower 26th St. BGC, Taguig City Tel. No. (632) 847-0048 Site Map Privacy Policy Member Agreement Copyright Notice Copyright © 2017. Philstar. All Right Reserved
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com News World Onion floods Internet with 700 ‘leaked’ Trump documents Satire site is also planning about two weeks of 'coverage' of its project to mimic the seriousness a real newspaper. The Onion imagines Trump's presidential briefings as looking like one of those paper placemats that children doodle on in family restaurants.  (Courtesy of the Onion)   By Abby OhlheiserThe Washington Post Mon., May 22, 2017 The fast pace of events under U.S. President Donald Trump has some good news and some bad news for the Onion and the rest of the Internet’s satirists. The good news is, there’s a lot of material to work with. The bad? There’s so much material, churning through the news cycle at such a speedy pace, that it becomes tough to interject with a joke. “We had a ton of great articles about various parts of the campaign, Trump’s personality and the people around him,” Onion editor-in-chief Cole Bolton said in an interview with the Washington Post on Friday. “But we felt like each one of those is a drop in the bucket.” So, the Onion is trying something new: Why not flood the Internet with a ton of jokes about the Trump administration, all at once? The Trump Documents, released by the Onion on Monday, are the satirical newspaper’s fictional version of the Pentagon Papers. It’s about 700 pages of fake executive order drafts, emails and classified “documents” that, collectively, are the Onion’s first big swing at capturing this particular political moment. Bolton calls it a mix of “really hard satire” about the administration, its people and its goals, along with some more traditional Onion-y silliness. It’s all supposed to have the feel of a major leak of classified documents. The Trump Documents, in a way, are an attempt at finding a way to produce effective work — in the Onion’s case, satire — in a world where expectations have changed. It’s not that Trump is hard to satirize. It’s that there’s too much to satirize. Article Continued Below “We just couldn’t keep up all the time,” Bolton said. “There was just so much to ridicule that it got to be such a drag. I’m sure it’s the same way with regular journalism, just following him all the time would be just tiring.” The Onion is hoping that by flooding the Internet, it will be able to get readers to pause for a moment and take it all in. It is also planning about two weeks of “coverage” of its project — everything from editorials to a Facebook Live rollout, to tweets featuring individual documents from the massive trove. The coverage will mimic the seriousness of a real newspaper covering a major government leak. In one document, Trump is arguing with Boeing’s chief executive about the decor for Air Force One. “Whole interior should be marble,” Trump writes in a (fake) email. “Not just floor.” He wants marble walls, marble doors, marble bathroom fixtures, marble seats, with headrests that are adjustable and marble. The chief executive replies that “it’s just not possible to use marble for every element of the plane’s interior.” Trump persists, he emails back a drawing where every part of the plane is labelled “marble.” There also are fictional memos to Trump from U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, which read as if they were written by Cotton Mather. One lists “heretics” in Congress and their suspected crimes (Sen. Elizabeth Warren, for instance, is “head witch”), while another warns the president of a “potential violation” of the First Commandment in the Bible. The Onion also took a stab at imagining one of Trump’s presidential briefings. It looks like one of those paper placemats that children doodle on in family restaurants. Bolton estimates that a staff of 20 graphics editors and writers spent “thousands” of hours collectively on the project, which began production shortly after Trump’s inauguration. “It’s been my life, it’s been my first 100 days of the Trump administration,” Bolton said. The hope, he added, is that the Internet will embrace the project as an injection of “humorous catharsis during a very unusual political time,” one that rises above the incremental absurdities of the Internet’s response to these past few months. There’s another possibility, too: What if people actually believe the Onion documents are real? One of the strange things about satire on the internet recently has been how believable it is. For instance, a Twitter humorist photoshopped the ending of a New York Times story recently to make it appear as if Speaker of the House Paul Ryan drove away from the White House blaring Papa Roach’s “Last Resort.” The humorist had to later clarify that his tweet was just a joke, after a ton of people believed it was a real thing that happened in 2017. And before Trump’s election, there were hoaxes involving faked emails from the Democratic National Committee, including one that tricked viewers into thinking a Hillary Clinton aide had referred to America’s military as a bunch of “idiot soldiers.” The Trump Documents, too, look believable, even if the content within them is clearly absurd. Bolton said that his staff spent time tracking down the exact letterheads and fonts to make each document look as authentic as possible. Some pages involve hand-drawn doodles. The rest were printed out after creation and manually re-scanned back into a digital form, to make each image look more like it was really leaked. “It is on our mind,” Bolton said of the possibility that these documents might trick someone into thinking they’re real. But the Onion’s style has always closely mimicked the news it parodies, and the Trump Documents are no different. “I think the reason that the satire sings is because it mimics, say, the Washington Post so closely. We use really dry AP style writing in our headlines,” he said. “We never wink, we never break character.” It seems inevitable that someone is going to think something in this massive trove of 700 very authentic looking documents is the real deal, particularly if individual pages are removed from their original context, as tends to happen on the Internet. But Bolton and his team are hoping that the jokes manage to make themselves clear for what they are. “I hope the satirical stuff resonates with people,” Bolton said. “I think the highest compliment we ever get on our articles — and hopefully on this — is ‘Oh, the Onion nailed it, the Onion captured it perfectly.’ We kind of want it to feel like we captured a moment in the zeitgeist.” Read more about: Donald Trump Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 15°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Internationally renowned surgeon Dr. Zane Cohen hangs up his scrubs Colorectal surgeon at Mount Sinai Hospital estimates he’s treated 9,000 patients in the four decades since he first picked up a scalpel. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Canada 150 Bombardier Donald Trump Book Reviews Panama Papers Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet Rocket Lab and its efforts to launch NZ into space game Q&A 10:55 May 23, 2017PressRelease 0 comments Press Release – Science Media Centre Yesterday marked the start of the ten-day window in which Rocket Lab will attempt to launch its Electron rocket from the Mahia Peninsula in the Northern Hawkes Bay.Rocket Lab and its efforts to launch NZ into space game — Expert Q&A 23 May 2017 Yesterday marked the start of the ten-day window in which Rocket Lab will attempt to launch its Electron rocket from the Mahia Peninsula in the Northern Hawkes Bay. If they succeed, this will be the first rocket launched into space from New Zealand, making us the 11th country to do so. After high winds scrubbed a launch attempt yesterday, Rocket Lab is currently preparing for blast off today, though another postponement is possible. The SMC gathered expert reaction from international experts about what makes the Electron rocket different and where Rocket Lab sits in the independent space market. Feel free to use these comments in your reporting. Professor Martin Barstow, University of Leicester, Director of the Leicester Institute of Space & Earth Observation, comments: Where does this launch sit in the scheme of what else is currently happening in the industry? “I see this as part of the new spirit of commercial enterprise developing around low cost access to space, of which Space-X is a prime example. In the current context Rocket Lab are not so well advanced, as they have yet to carry out their first launch. Also, their 225kg payload mass is rather smaller than other capabilities. However, I think there will be a growing need for launch capability for lower mass satellites like this to build satellite constellations. So, if successful, they will be well-placed to support and exploit that market.” What is Rocket Lab’s competitive edge and is their business model viable? “It’s not clear to me how their business model functions (since I can’t find their pricing structure), but as mentioned above, they will be hitting an emerging market.” What is new or different about the Electron rocket technology they have developed? “I think the use of 3-D printing techniques to produce key components is very novel and likely to lower production costs, giving them a pricing edge. It could also help with reliability.” Are there any advantages for launching from New Zealand? “There are no particular advantages in launching from NZ, compared to existing sites. In fact the best launch sites are closer to the equator to get the maximum advantage from the Earth’s rotation. “So, this is more about developing independent capability, so that the country does not have to rely on launch services from elsewhere. There is a similar issue in the UK where our government is keen to develop launch site opportunities. It’s actually more difficult here due to the proximity of Europe. From New Zealand, you can launch safely over the Pacific.” How are private ventures like Rocket Lab and SpaceX etc changing access to space? “This is really about lower costs and creating true commercial (and profitable) markets for space services to drive future space activities.” Is only launching small payloads viable? “No, but the current rocket is only capable of launching small/medium payloads at the moment. However, once a successful track record is developed, it is possible to scale-up the systems, as Space-X did.” Other comments: “I wish them luck! It’s a very exciting project, but getting into space is hard and success is not guaranteed.” ________________________________________ Dr George Sowers, Independent consultant, former Chief Scientist and Vice-President of United Launch Alliance, a joint venture of Lockheed Martin and Boeing, comments: Where does this launch sit in the scheme of what else is currently happening in the industry? “The Rocket Lab launch is another indication of the vibrancy of the commercial space sector at the present time. It is another entrant into the small payload launch market which has been tough for commercial companies to succeed in. It certainly represents a first for New Zealand.” What is Rocket Lab’s competitive edge and is their business model viable? “Rocket Lab has some interesting technology such as the electric pump driven engine. And they have embraced the state of the art manufacturing technologies. However the small payload launch market is extremely difficult for commercial companies to make a profit. “There are several reasons for this. First, the small payload market is not robust. There are many potential customers, but few are able to afford the price of a dedicated launch. On the bright side, there is some indication that the market might be picking up, for example with companies like Planet. “Second there is fierce competition from nations (India, China, Russia, etc) and larger launchers offering small payload launches as rideshare. Plus, there are a number of other companies vying for the same market. If Rocket Lab succeeds, they will be the first commercial company to do so in the small market. Many have failed, including SpaceX, who discontinued the Falcon 1 small launcher after only a handful of launches.” What is new or different about the Electron rocket technology they have developed? “The electric pump power engine is unique. However, it is not clear it has advantages over traditional turbo-pump designs in terms of either cost, reliability or performance.” Are there any advantages for launching from New Zealand? “Range availability might be an advantage (less congestion). However, the southern latitude limits customers to high inclination orbits, precluding a portion of the market. It is also a long journey for American or European customers, representing most of the market.” How are private ventures like Rocket Lab and SpaceX etc changing the access to space? “Still to be determined for Rocket Labs. SpaceX has disrupted the traditional launch markets, forcing other competitors to transform their business models, at least for the short term. SpaceX has had a number of technological successes, but it remains to be seen if their business model will succeed in the long term.” Is only launching small payloads viable? “If the market improves, perhaps. I believe it unlikely due to factors explained above.” Other comments: I wish them luck. Kris Walsh, Former project manager at United Launch Alliance and former director of all NASA launch programmes for Boeing, comments: Where does this launch sit in the scheme of what else is currently happening in the industry? “I was the Program Manager of the launch that had the first successful CubeSat launches, and Delta and Atlas continue to launch CubeSats for NASA successfully. The biggest frustration for these small satellites is access to space — they have to wait until the primary payload launches – and delays are common for the larger satellites.” What is Rocket Lab’s competitive edge and is their business model viable? “What Rocket Lab offers is access to space for the smaller payloads. So, if Rocket Lab can quickly get reliable, on time launches, they can capture a market ignored by the current industry. “It will have to also shift customers expectations — payload processing should be mostly complete before the satellites arrive, reducing or eliminating the need for customer access to the launch site, customer viewing would be virtual, etc. “I also think the $7M price tag for 3 CubeSats is a higher price than many of the scientific payloads of this size can support. So, it would be commercial ventures. “Any comparison to SpaceX is not realistic. SpaceX’s long term plan was to continue to increase the size of their rockets, and to capture the larger US government payloads. SpaceX did not significantly change access to space for commercial ventures.” Is only launching small payloads viable? “Rocket Lab could if 1) they stick to their business model and target small (nano) payloads, especially constellations, 2) they are technically successful both in launch reliability and on-time launches, and 3) they focus on a ship and shoot launch process, minimizing Rocket Lab’s expenses as well as its customers.” ends Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Anti-Dumping and Countervailing Duties Bill passes Unite Union makes headway in talks with Restaurant Brands NHNZ Acquired by Blue Ant Media Identity of man being sought in Bay of Plenty Beef + Lamb New Zealand confirms board positions SSC to probe Ministry’s treatment of whistleblowers New Partner Development Manager and Partner Director Better bus services for West Auckland arrive 11 June Ruling on Criminal History Check May Affect All Regulators Gypsy Day preparations bring reminder to reduce effluent Cash to You Loans banned from lending FMA licenses 201 firms under new securities law regime Update on search for wanted man in Bay of Plenty district Aurora Energy outlines large-scale asset renewal programme Changes to Tucker Beach Road Intersection Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Manchester Concert Explosion Bill Cosby Scandal TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Autos Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 22 2017, 2:39 pm ET Did Ford Nix Its CEO Because He Was Too Much of a Visionary? by Paul A. Eisenstein Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement Former Ford CEO Mark Fields fashioned himself an agent of change, promising to transform a Rust Belt auto manufacturer into a high-tech "mobility company." But three years after taking the helm, Fields has been tripped up by changes beyond his own control. The 56-year-old New York native was summarily sent out to pasture, Ford announced Monday, replaced by former Steelcase CEO Jim Hackett. That, along with a series of other high-level management moves, appears to have been months in the making, reflecting the growing frustration among major investors — including the founding Ford family — over weak sales, declining earnings and a stock price down 40 percent since Fields stepped into the CEO role in July 2014. Play Facebook Twitter Embed Ford CEO Mark Fields is reportedly ousted 0:20 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/950144067718" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> "Mark had a tremendous career at Ford and had done great things," Chairman Bill Ford Jr., the grandson of company founder Henry Ford, said during a Monday morning news conference. "He put us in a great position. I'm very thankful to Mark. But this is a time of great change and fortunately we have a transformational leader," Ford said, referring to new CEO Hackett. Officially, Fields tendered his resignation last Friday, "after a discussion he and I had," Chairman Ford said during a subsequent interview on CNBC. But the speed with which a successor was named suggested to industry observers it was only a matter of time, and a question of whether Fields, a 28-year Ford veteran, would jump or be pushed. Field Marshaled in Change Things looked a lot more promising just three years ago, when Fields stepped in for the retiring Alan Mulally. Fields was the protégé of the former Boeing executive, who guided Ford through the Great Recession. It was, in fact, Fields who largely crafted the "Way Forward" plan that let the second-largest U.S. automaker avoid the bankruptcies that nearly destroyed Detroit rivals General Motors and Chrysler. But, after a promising start, a number of factors came into play leading to the management shake-up. "There's no question that all of us were acutely aware that the stock had been languishing," the Ford chairman acknowledged. But there has been growing concern that while Fields had a clear vision of where the auto industry is heading five, even 10 years from now, his grasp of current challenges may have been a bit more murky. In recent years, Fields had been a frequent speaker at the Consumer Electronics Show, underscoring the way the automobile is becoming as much a digital device as a mechanical one. Under his leadership, Ford has rapidly expanded its spending on technology, early this year ordering a major expansion of its new Silicon Valley research center. Technology Up Front Barely a month ago Ford announced a three-way venture with Amazon and Starbucks that will allow motorists with the latest Ford Sync 3 infotainment system to call up the Alexa voice assistant and use it to have a cup of java waiting when they pull into the nearby coffee shop. Ford was hailed by a recent Navigant Research study that declared it the industry leader in development of autonomous vehicles, ahead of Waymo, the self-driving spin-off from Google. Ford plans to have its first fully driverless vehicle in production by 2021. The carmaker has launched car-sharing and ride-sharing projects and is exploring a variety of other new mobility concepts. If one bought into Fields's vision, that is essential, as there will likely be far fewer consumers buying cars in 2025 than there are today, many owners expected to switch to sharing services like Uber and Lyft. Related: Why 95 Percent of Your Driving Won't Be in Your Own Car by 2030 Fields also was betting that those car-share services would opt for electric, rather than gas-powered models. In many ways, his vision echoed that of Elon Musk, and Wall Street has embraced Tesla — last month driving its stock up to the point it had a higher market capitalization than either Ford or General Motors. But the message failed to resonate with Ford investors — especially after the carmaker saw first-quarter sales dip 40 percent to $1.6 billion, with the full-year numbers also expected to decline. "It will be many years before a lot of the stuff Fields has been working on will achieve a payoff," said Joe Phillippi, a long-time Wall Street analyst and now head of AutoTrends Consulting. Having a long-term vision isn't a bad thing, Phillippi stressed, but critics contend Fields lost sight of Ford's short-term challenges. Its passenger car fleet, models like the Fusion and Focus, have been allowed to age without necessary replacements. It has been slow to recognize and respond to some key market shifts, as well — notably the revival of the midsize pickup truck segment. General Motors got there in 2014 with models like the Chevrolet Silverado. Ford's reborn Ranger truck is still a year away. Play Facebook Twitter Embed Ford Announces Plan to Create 700 New US Jobs 0:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/846480963812" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Déjà Vu All Over Again Several observers said Fields's ouster triggered a sense of déjà vu. On October 30, 2001, Ford gave walking papers to Jacques Nasser, another visionary leader who set out to create a very different Ford. Nasser was an early proponent of in-car technologies. He also spent heavily on non-traditional operations, like auto parts and repairs and recycling. But critics felt he ignored the core of Ford's business and, after Nasser's ouster, Bill Ford — then handling dual roles as chairman and CEO — adopted a strategy dubbed "One Ford." That led the Detroit maker to return focus to its core brand, selling off a host of foreign luxury marques, including Volvo, Land Rover and Jaguar, that Nasser had acquired at a premium. While the "Blue Oval" Ford brand quickly rebounded, Mulally eventually killed off domestic Mercury, too. And even now, Lincoln, the homegrown luxury division, continues to struggle. How much CEO Hackett will reverse the course set by Fields is uncertain. He was, in fact, heading Ford's Smart Mobility unit for the last year, so Hackett seems unlikely to completely walk away from many of the projects Fields set in motion. But Chairman Ford made it clear the new chief executive also will have to not only "drive innovation" for the long haul, but improve the carmaker's cost efficiencies and "deliver results around the world." Boosting that stock price is certain to be one of the metrics by which the 62-year-old Hackett will be judged. Paul A. Eisenstein Twitter Topic Autos First Published May 22 2017, 2:39 pm ET Next Story Ford CEO Fields Ousted in Massive Shake-Up advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Contact Newsletter App BLOG About GT Overview Corporate Philosophy Our Publisher Staff & Contributors Press Releases Globility Board About / Members Globility Board Application Destinations North America All Canada Mexico Puerto Rico United States Latin America All Belize Costa Rica Nicaragua Panama South America All Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Caribbean All Bahamas Bermuda U.S. Virgin Islands Europe All Austria Belgium Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Norway Russia Sweden Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Africa All Ghana Kenya Morocco South Africa Middle East All Azerbaijan Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Asia All China India Indonesia All Cambodia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Japan Malaysia South Korea Taiwan Oceania All Australia Fiji French Polynesia New Zealand Departments Chefs Cruising Features Golf Health Interviews LGBTQ Spas Spoils Sponsored Technology Wine & Spirits Reviews Aviation Accommodation Subscriptions new renew change questions Members Member Login Become a GT Insider Issues GT Select Hotels Member Newsletter Signup About GT Overview Corporate Philosophy Our Publisher Staff & Contributors Press Releases Globility Board About / Members Globility Board Application Destinations North America All Canada Mexico Puerto Rico United States Latin America All Belize Costa Rica Nicaragua Panama South America All Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Caribbean All Bahamas Bermuda U.S. Virgin Islands Europe All Austria Belgium Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Norway Russia Sweden Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Africa All Ghana Kenya Morocco South Africa Middle East All Azerbaijan Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Asia All China India Indonesia All Cambodia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Japan Malaysia South Korea Taiwan Oceania All Australia Fiji French Polynesia New Zealand Departments Chefs Cruising Features Golf Health Interviews LGBTQ Spas Spoils Sponsored Technology Wine & Spirits Reviews Aviation Accommodation Subscriptions new renew change questions Members Member Login Become a GT Insider Issues GT Select Hotels Member Newsletter Signup About GT Overview Corporate Philosophy Our Publisher Staff & Contributors Press Releases Globility Board About / Members Globility Board Application Destinations North America All Canada Mexico Puerto Rico United States Latin America All Belize Costa Rica Nicaragua Panama South America All Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Caribbean All Bahamas Bermuda U.S. Virgin Islands Europe All Austria Belgium Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Norway Russia Sweden Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Africa All Ghana Kenya Morocco South Africa Middle East All Azerbaijan Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Asia All China India Indonesia All Cambodia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Japan Malaysia South Korea Taiwan Oceania All Australia Fiji French Polynesia New Zealand Departments Chefs Cruising Features Golf Health Interviews LGBTQ Spas Spoils Sponsored Technology Wine & Spirits Reviews Aviation Accommodation Subscriptions new renew change questions Members Member Login Become a GT Insider Issues GT Select Hotels Member Newsletter Signup Route Update May By Harriet Baskas - May 22, 2017 Alaska Airlines shared the planned schedule and start dates for new services from Los Angeles (LAX), San Francisco (SFO) and San Diego (SAN) to Mexico City’s Benito Juarez International Airport, which will include twice daily flights from Los Angeles to Mexico City and daily flights to Mexico City from both San Francisco and San Diego. Approval is still pending from the Mexican government. The Seattle-based carrier also announced that, starting in fall 2018, it will offer up to nine daily departures from Paine Field-Snohomish County Airport, located next to the Boeing assembly plant in Everett, about 20 miles north of Seattle. Construction of a commercial passenger terminal at Paine Field will begin in June and Alaska plans to announce its Paine Field routes and schedules early next year. Delta Air Lines announced non-stop service from Austin-Bergstrom International Airport to Boston Logan International Airport, starting Sept. 10, while Allegiant Air began flying between AUS and Indianapolis International Airport May 19. EL AL Israel Airlines will begin flying non-stop between Miami International Airport and Tel Aviv (TLV) sometime in November 2017 (exact date to be announced). The last time EL AL flew to Miami was in 2008. And United Airlines announced new year-round, daily non-stop service between Newark Liberty International Airport and Buenos Aires, Argentina (EZE), beginning Oct. 28 (subject to government approval). Airline Update May Airport Update May Posts you may also like Airport Update May 22 May 2017 General 0 Comments Airline Update May 22 May 2017 General 0 Comments Opera House Cup on Nantucket Island, Mass. 17 May 2017 General 0 Comments Wine RSVP 17 May 2017 General 0 Comments Latest News An Eco-Experience in Riviera Maya The DMZ: An Untouched Ecological Wonder Can’t Get Enough of Walla Walla Giuseppe’s of New Hope A Night at the Theater Celebrating Theater More News Latest Deals Spend the Summer with The Ritz-Carlton Do More with IHG Free Doha Stopover for Transit Passengers on Qatar Airways More Deals Sign up for insider info/deals I'm interested in: eFlyer USA eFlyer Asia Special Editions Archives Archives Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 Advertise Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Trazee Travel
Jump to navigation Foreign Affairs Primary Navigation The Magazine Browse Search Search Search Foreign Affairs Close A Tale of Two Tax Plans Alex Raskolnikov Regions Back Regions: Africa Africa See All Central Africa East Africa Southern Africa West Africa Americas Americas See All Central America & Caribbean North America South America Asia Asia See All East Asia Northeast Asia South Asia Southeast Asia Europe Europe See All Central Europe Northern Europe Southeastern Europe Western Europe Middle East Middle East See All Levant North Africa Persian Gulf Russia & FSU Russia & FSU See All Baltics Central Asia Eastern Europe & Caucasus Russian Federation World World See All Commons Topics Back Topics: Economics Economics See All Business Economic Development Finance Foreign Aid Globalization Labor Monetary Issues Political Economy Sanctions Trade Environment Environment See All Energy Environment Security Security See All Arms Control & Disarmament Strategy & Conflict Intelligence Cybersecurity Terrorism & Counterterrorism WMD & Proliferation Law & Institutions Law & Institutions See All Global Institutions Law Regional Organizations Politics & Society Politics & Society See All Civil Society Civil & Military Relations Corruption Crime & Drugs Defense Policy Demography Education Domestic Politics Foreign Policy Gender Health Ideology Media Political Development Race & Ethnicity Refugees & Migration Religion Science & Technology State Failure Theory U.S. Foreign Policy U.S. Foreign Policy See All Trump Administration Obama Administration GW Bush Administration Clinton Administration GHW Bush Administration Reagan Administration Carter Administration Ford Administration Nixon Administration Johnson Administration Kennedy Administration Eisenhower Administration Truman Administration FD Roosevelt Administration Pre-1932 Administration Homeland Security Grand Strategy Legal Issues Features Back Features: Articles Articles See All Essays Comments Letters From Letters Lists Postscripts Reading Lists Responses Snapshots Anthologies Interviews Media Media See All Audio Gallery Infographic Map Video Book Reviews Back Book Reviews: Capsule Reviews Review Essays Anthologies Cart Sign In Subscribe Saved Anthologies Published by the Council on Foreign Relations AboutEventsNewsletters Facebook Twitter Sign In Cart Close menu Foreign Affairs Published by the Council on Foreign Relations Search Foreign Affairs Search My Foreign Affairs The Magazine Regions Africa Asia Americas Europe Middle East Russia & FSU Global Commons Topics Economics Environment Security Law & Institutions Politics & Society U.S. Policy Features Articles Anthologies Reviews Interviews Video Galleries Audio Maps Infographics More About Events Newsletters Press Center Advertising Job Board Graduate School Forum Country Section Customer Service My Account Cart Subscribe Sign In Facebook Twitter Linked In YouTube ☰ Foreign Affairs Subscribe Sign In Foreign Affairs The Magazine Browse Search Search Search Foreign Affairs Close Regions Back Regions: Africa Africa See All Central Africa East Africa Southern Africa West Africa Americas Americas See All Central America & Caribbean North America South America Asia Asia See All East Asia Northeast Asia South Asia Southeast Asia Europe Europe See All Central Europe Northern Europe Southeastern Europe Western Europe Middle East Middle East See All Levant North Africa Persian Gulf Russia & FSU Russia & FSU See All Baltics Central Asia Eastern Europe & Caucasus Russian Federation World World See All Commons Topics Back Topics: Economics Economics See All Business Economic Development Finance Foreign Aid Globalization Labor Monetary Issues Political Economy Sanctions Trade Environment Environment See All Energy Environment Security Security See All Arms Control & Disarmament Strategy & Conflict Intelligence Cybersecurity Terrorism & Counterterrorism WMD & Proliferation Law & Institutions Law & Institutions See All Global Institutions Law Regional Organizations Politics & Society Politics & Society See All Civil Society Civil & Military Relations Corruption Crime & Drugs Defense Policy Demography Education Domestic Politics Foreign Policy Gender Health Ideology Media Political Development Race & Ethnicity Refugees & Migration Religion Science & Technology State Failure Theory U.S. Foreign Policy U.S. Foreign Policy See All Trump Administration Obama Administration GW Bush Administration Clinton Administration GHW Bush Administration Reagan Administration Carter Administration Ford Administration Nixon Administration Johnson Administration Kennedy Administration Eisenhower Administration Truman Administration FD Roosevelt Administration Pre-1932 Administration Homeland Security Grand Strategy Legal Issues Features Back Features: Articles Articles See All Essays Comments Letters From Letters Lists Postscripts Reading Lists Responses Snapshots Anthologies Interviews Media Media See All Audio Gallery Infographic Map Video Book Reviews Back Book Reviews: Capsule Reviews Review Essays Anthologies Subscribe Save 55% and get a free eBook! Subscribe Now Save 55% And get a FREE copy of The Clash at 20 eBook! CLAIM OFFER GARY CAMERON / REUTERS Taxman: Ryan discussing the Better Way plan with reporters, Washington, D.C., September 2016. Comment May 24, 2017 Economics A Tale of Two Tax Plans What Trump and Ryan Get Wrong By Alex Raskolnikov About the Author: My FA Anthologies ALEX RASKOLNIKOV is Wilbur H. Friedman Professor of Tax Law at Columbia Law School.   Read more by Alex Raskolnikov Facebook Twitter Email My FA Saved Articles Print Republicans have long panned the U.S. tax system; now they have a plan to change it. In fact, two plans. The first comes from Congress, the second from the White House. The congressional “Better Way” plan, championed by Paul Ryan, the Speaker of the House, and Kevin Brady, chair of the House Ways and Means Committee, would create a business tax system that has never existed anywhere in the world. The White House plan would enact a massive tax cut, mostly for the wealthy. Each plan aims to reform both the individual and the business parts of the U.S. tax system. But although the two plans offer similar rate cuts for individuals, the proposed reforms are very different on the business side. The White House simply wants to slash taxes for all businesses. The Ryan-Brady plan would convert the current corporate income tax into a border-adjusted cash-flow tax—a tax on consumption rather than on income. Tensions over this idea among Republicans and businesses are running high. Exporters, such as Boeing and GE, have lined up behind it, whereas retailers and importers, such as Target and Walmart, are lobbying hard to stop it in its tracks. The White House tax plan threatens to explode the national debt and, as a result, impede economic growth. Although no official economic estimate of either plan is yet available, it is clear that the White House proposal threatens to explode the national debt and, as a result, impede economic growth. The Better Way plan is both more promising and more responsible than the White House’s outline. Still, the Ryan-Brady proposal would likely increase the national debt, disrupt global trade, harm some American companies and benefit others, cause financial problems abroad by dramatically raising the value of the U.S. dollar, and lead to pervasive and costly uncertainty. In the end, the Better Way plan is too disruptive and too risky for the United States to adopt. Nonetheless, it points tax reformers Get the best of Foreign Affairs delivered to you every day. Browse Related Articles on {{search_model.selectedTerm.name}} {{search_model.selectedTerm.name}} {{term.name}} {{indexVM.results.hits.total | number}} Articles Found Start Year {{bucket.key_as_string}} End Year Published by the Council on Foreign Relations Search Search Foreign Affairs The Magazine Regions AfricaAmericasAsiaEuropeMiddle EastRussia & FSUGlobal Commons Topics EconomicsEnvironmentSecurityLaw & InstitutionsPolitics & SocietyU.S. Policy Features ArticlesAnthologiesReviewsInterviewsVideosMapsGalleriesInfographics From the publishers of Foreign Affairs The Most: Recent Shared Viewed Facebook Twitter Linked In YouTube Read Foreign Affairs in your inbox. More from Foreign Affairs Press CenterAdvertisingJob BoardAbout UsEventsSubscriptionsCustomer ServiceMy AccountRegisterGroup Subscriptions More from Foreign Affairs cont. Country FocusGraduate School Forum Subscribe now and save 55%!Sign InSubscribe Gift Subscriptions Available ©2017 Council on Foreign Relations, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Contact UsPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 Space.com Spaceflight Meet 'The Mars Generation': In Documentary, It's Red Planet or Bust By Elizabeth Howell, Space.com Contributor | May 23, 2017 02:23pm ET MORE A new featurette for the Netflix original documentary "The Mars Generation" — which explores the potential for today's teenagers to go to Mars in 20 years if humanity plays its cards right — highlights the legacy of Apollo in setting up aspirations for Mars. Clips from a famous John F. Kennedy speech in 1962 play over video of astronauts walking on the moon. "Many years ago, the great British explorer George Mallory, who was to die on Mount Everest, was asked why did he want to climb it. He said, 'Because it is there,'" Kennedy said in the speech. "Well, space is there, and we're going to climb it, and the moon and the planets are there, and new hopes for knowledge and peace are there." [Photos: Visions of Future Space Habitats & Artificial Ecosystems] Poster for "The Mars Generation," a new Netflix original documentary. Credit: Netflix Interspersed with that speech, former NASA astronaut Don Thomas and science communicator Neil deGrasse Tyson describe the trajectory of America's space program. You can watch the clip online here. "I've always been a closet space nerd, and I thought I knew a lot about space," the film's director, Michael Barnett, told Space.com. He is an Emmy-award winning filmmaker who has covered topics ranging from superheroes to American writer and intellectual Gore Vidal. Barnett's initial plan was to do a 3- to 5-minute web series about Space Camp in Huntsville, Alabama, but upon visiting and interacting with the class of teenagers, he realized there was more to say about the future of space exploration, he said. "What I thought I knew about space was annihilated by their knowledge," Barnett said, adding that watching the campers interact with the experiments and discuss space history was inspiring. "They interpreted it and processed it differently, and they were unified in their frustrations of NASA and the bureaucracy of what's held us up in exploration." Criticizing NASA's path Barnett said he tried to be as ambitious as possible in the 1-hour, 40-minute documentary, which begins and ends with Space Camp, but also interweaves a brief history of space exploration — focusing on items the general public may not know, he said. For example, when talking about the early days of the space race between the United States and the Soviet Union, Barnett highlights that a pioneer of the U.S. rocketry program — Wernher von Braun — was a Nazi brought to the United States after the Second World War.  Once he arrived, Von Braun became an advocate for American spaceflight, talking about the future of space on the Disney Channel while designing several rockets for NASA, including the Saturn V rocket that brought astronauts to the moon in the 1960s and 1970s. [NASA's Mighty Saturn V Moon Rocket Explained (Infographic)] Apollo reached a high-water mark in 1969 when it landed the first astronauts on the moon, but, as the film shows, President Richard Nixon quickly shut down the program, because the U.S. public was more concerned about issues on Earth. (Clips from the documentary show scenes from the Vietnam War and riots, which are frequently cited by space historians as some of the pressing issues detracting attention from the space program.) "We had the staff in place and Saturn V could have got[ten] us there [to Mars]," Barnett said. "Then Nixon came in and decided he wanted to shut it down. He wanted to stop JFK's [President John F. Kennedy's] legacy and go in a different direction." After that, the documentary heavily criticizes the space shuttle program. Time magazine editor-at-large Jeffrey Kluger, co-author of the book "Apollo 13" (Mariner Books, 2006), is among the people in the documentary who say the shuttle program brought people into space merely to repeatedly circle the Earth, rather than pushing spaceflight forward.  Space advocate and Planetary Society CEO Bill Nye points out that the shuttle program was completed in 2011, with no other rocket designed to immediately succeed the shuttle. While the documentary does mention that SpaceX and Boeing have plans to launch humans into space from American soil, the film focuses on the fact that the Russians are the only ticket into space for NASA right now. "We don't have a ship that takes humans to space right now," Barnett told Space.com, adding that working with the Russians can be a "geopolitical nightmare." He added, "Ninety percent of the public thinks that NASA is closed. So it's a good film for this time to show that NASA is more important than ever." Mars aspirations The documentary also weaves in extensive discussion about going to Mars, saying that Von Braun envisioned it happening in the early 1980s. While that timeline may sound absurd today, experts say that in the context of the quickly moving Apollo program, a 1981 deadline seemed reasonable in 1969, when the moon program had brought humans to the lunar surface in less than a decade. [How Living on Mars Could Challenge Colonists (Infographic)] The film makes little mention of ongoing work at the International Space Station to study the effects of space on the human body, which NASA says is one crucial step needed before undertaking a mission to Mars. The film similarly fails to mention other research into Mars habitats. But the documentary does show one of the technological pieces for Mars missions coming together: Blue Origin's and SpaceX's self-landing rockets, which the documentary portrays as crucial steps in lowering the cost of space exploration. Meanwhile, footage from Space Camp shows the students working through several problems associated with space exploration, including launching and landing rockets, constructing heat shields and making robots to explore the Martian surface. The students in the film say they feel they could be the Mars generation, the first to explore the Red Planet in person, but add that they're concerned NASA's pace is too slow for them to get to Mars by the 2030s. "Mars is in the collective consciousness right now," Barnett said, but added that the program has several obstacles to overcome first, including putting together the technology and developing the political will. The Mars Generation is available now on Netflix in both the United States and Canada. (For other countries that carry Netflix, please verify on your local network.) Follow Elizabeth Howell @howellspace, or Space.com @Spacedotcom. We're also on Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.   Editor's Recommendations These SpaceX Rocket Landing Photos Are Simply Jaw-Dropping Buzz Aldrin: How To Get Your Ass To Mars | Video The Human Body in Space: 6 Weird Facts Author Bio Elizabeth Howell, Space.com Contributor Elizabeth Howell is a contributing writer for Space.com who is one of the few Canadian journalists to report regularly on space exploration. She is pursuing a Ph.D. part-time in aerospace sciences (University of North Dakota) after completing an M.Sc. (space studies) at the same institution. She also holds a bachelor of journalism degree from Carleton University. Besides writing, Elizabeth teaches communications at the university and community college level. To see her latest projects, follow Elizabeth on Twitter at @HowellSpace. Elizabeth Howell, Space.com Contributor on Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us Most Popular Why Occam's Razor Doesn't Apply to Physics Your Smartphone Could be Your Ticket to Space — If Space Nation Takes Flight Powerful NASA SLS Rocket Engine Test-Fired in Mississippi | Video Opportunity Knocks! Farthest-Driving Mars Rover Explores Eroded Valley NASA's Acting Chief Is Upbeat About Proposed $19.1 Billion Budget in 2018 HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
ManningLive Home Legals Obituaries About Archives Contact Magazines Photos MECC partners with community to promote healthy initiatives for local students Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) More Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) by Sharon Hall | May 23, 2017 10:03 pm Manning Early Childhood Center Enterprise Learning Coach Kelli Bellant worked tirelessly this school year with the first-grade students at the school on their very own vegetable gardens, in accordance with the school’s year-round wellness policy. Students took the opportunity last week to harvest their produce, which included radishes, herbs, spices, tomatoes and other items. The students were helped throughout the year by the Clarendon Couty Master Gardeners and Marie Land. For the children of Manning Early Childhood Center’s first-grade classes, May 17 was the culmination of a year-long exercise. That was the day the students finally got to harvest the vegetables they had planted in their garden behind the school earlier in the year. Enterprise Learning Coach Kelli Bellant said that grants awarded to the school from vendors like Apple, Target, Lowe’s and Farm-to-School totaled more than $15,000 and allowed for the building and cultivation of raised garden beds, utilizing produce for their wellness program. Students grew tomatoes, herbs, radishes, flowers, spices and other items in accordance with the school’s wellness program, which the school operates year-round. “I am a 220 day employee, so I will be here at the school to tend to the gardens during the week,” said Bellant of the summer care of the garden. “Over the summer, we invite parents to the school, to harvest the crop and to take home the harvested fruit and vegetables for their kids.” Bellant said that the wellness program promotes year-round healthy eating habits and wellness education to MECC students. Through its partnership with organizations such as Clemson and the Future Farmers of America, the program affords kids opportunities to experience tasting experiments with the harvested fruits and vegetables. “Bonnie Plants of Manning has donated all the plants for the school’s raised garden beds,” Bellant said. “We have 17 raised beds and nine indoor hydroponic garden beds. And they contain assorted fruits and vegetables for the students to eat.” “We have planted a fall garden followed by a spring garden that runs throughout the summer.” Manning High School’s FFA students constructed the garden beds. The structural, raised garden beds help school gardening programs to thrive. The materials were purchased with the grants awarded to the wellness program, Bellant said. The plants themselves were donated by Bonnie Plants, along with grants from the Medical University of South Carolina and Boeing. “I had to think of a way to fund the garden program, so after applying for the grants that we were accepted for, the next venture was to find a way to build the garden beds,” Bellant said. “After purchasing all the materials with our grant money, we partnered with Future Farmers of America, and they built the beds and brought them to the school. They came over and filled the beds with soil then our students took over.” Bellant said that the Master Gardeners of Clarendon County and Marie Land have been a big help. Clemson Extension has helped but the kids are the ones who maintain the gardens. “We have recently received another grant from Lowe’s for $4,000 to replace our shed that was damaged during the floods,” she said. “Target has funded us to go to Adventure in Columbia at which our students will take advantage of their Farm-to-Table program. “Farming is a big part of our community and our hope is that the students will take gardening home with them,” Bellant said. “We want students to use their produce as an extra source of food but moreover to use the program as a tool to learn about nutrition.” Land said she took some of the produce home, washed them and prepared a salad, a strawberry cake and a tea for the children. “Some of them ate radishes, but some of them didn’t really like them,” she said. No comments yet. Name (required) Mail (will not be shared) (required) Website Comment By submitting a comment you grant Manning Live a perpetual license to reproduce your words and name/web site in attribution. Inappropriate and irrelevant comments will be removed at an admin’s discretion. Your email is used for verification purposes only, it will never be shared. © Copyright 2017 | Manning Live Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Manchester Concert Explosion Bill Cosby Scandal TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Business News Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 21 2017, 9:36 am ET The Future of 21st Century Manufacturing Is Digital by Elizabeth Chmurak Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement Across America, manufacturing is changing from the traditional assembly line to the use of collaborative robots. By 2025, industrial robots are expected to perform 25 percent of tasks such as assembly, packaging, and material handling. "Instead of these old factories that are very laborious and have a lot of big machinery, manufacturing is going to look more like software, and have machines that are running off of digital files," said Jonathan Schwartz of Voodoo Manufacturing, a 3-D printing company in Brooklyn, New York. Schwartz and fellow co-founder Max Friefeld rely on 160 3-D printers to manufacture nearly 50 different projects, from key chains to T-Rex shower heads, all at once. Play Facebook Twitter Embed The Factory of the Future is Digital 3:32 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/949353539998" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> "We're focused on doing this at high volume, cost effectively," said Friefeld. "3-D printing used to be 10 units, 20 unit prototypes. Now we do thousands for every order." The Rebirth of Manufacturing Bringing manufacturing jobs back to the U.S. is a top priority for President Donald Trump, who has made "Buy American, Hire American" a key element in his pro-business agenda. However, the manufacturing industry is no longer what it used to be. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, 4.9 million manufacturing jobs have disappeared in the past 20 years — in part because of increased automation. Industry executives say today's manufacturing is about collaboration with innovation, and learning to work hand in hand with robots. Helping to take Voodoo to the next level of a modern-day factory is Jim Allen, director of manufacturing. "I think they're gonna adapt," he said of traditional manufacturing businesses. "There are examples of companies that have been tool and die, automotive, and other industries where [now] they're using robotics." Robots Create Jobs Voodoo isn't the only manufacturing company taking the leap into 3-D printing. Big brands such as GE, Adidas, Boeing, Ford, Nike, Hasbro, and Hershey's are also integrating the technology into their products. The fear of robots replacing humans in the manufacturing industry is a growing concern for millions of unemployed Americans. But Allen says there is a silver lining that comes with technological advances. "Because of automation, we're increasing our productivity. We're able to get more products out there at a lower cost at higher quality. Being able to do that increases demand, increased demand creates more jobs — so it's a self-fulfilling cycle of creating more jobs," said Allen. "We have to be competitive with the other processes and other countries. And that enables us to create more jobs." Elizabeth Chmurak Email Topic Business News First Published May 21 2017, 9:36 am ET Next Story IBM Tells Its Remote Employees to Get Back to the Office advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports Angels Dodgers Chargers Rams Ducks Kings Lakers OC Varsity Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Recruiting Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Best of Orange County Newsletter Signup E-edition Subscribe + Subscriber Services News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports Angels Dodgers Chargers Rams Ducks Kings Lakers OC Varsity Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Recruiting Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Best of Orange County Children’s Museum at La Habra adding new… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Vote for Best of O.C. 2017 The latest shark news List of restaurants closed by health inspectors 10 best burgers in O.C. 10 best french fries in O.C. Orange County News Children’s Museum at La Habra adding new science-based exhibit and police corner Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) A lighted peg wall will be a part of the new STEM Lab exhibit at The Children’s Museum at La Habra. (Photo courtesy of KODO) By Anthony Mendoza | anmendoza@scng.com | Orange County Register May 23, 2017 at 5:14 pm A room filled with relics of the past will soon be filled with technology children can use to get them ready for the future. A STEM Lab, geared toward preschool-aged children, will replace the longtime Nannie’s Travels exhibit at the Children’s Museum at La Habra. The new exhibit will feature a magnetic wall, a pendulum, an air and wind tunnel, a lighted wall depicting patterns and colors and a circuit board. “We’re excited for this,” Museum Director Lovely Qureshi said. “You go to a lot of facilities in the area and it’s really for ages 8 and up type of learning, so we are really targeting the little ones.” Plans for the new exhibit include a complete overhaul of the room, including boarding over cabinets original to the 1920s building as well as covering the tile with a rubber floor to make it look more like a science lab. “The challenge of the building is we have to maintain the integrity of it, and we want to,” Qureshi said. “We don’t want someone 100 years from now, ‘Why did they do that, why did they destroy the building.’ We are very cognizant of that and we are always conscious of that and we want to transform it, but maintain the integrity of the building.” Nannie’s Travels, which has been a permanent exhibit at Children’s Museum at La Habra, will close by the end of the month. The room features more than 200 items collected throughout the travels of Jane Gaul and Robert B. Gaul. (Anthony Mendoza) Nannie’s Travels, which has been a permanent exhibit at Children’s Museum at La Habra, will close by the end of the month. The room features more than 200 items collected throughout the travels of Jane Gaul and Robert B. Gaul. (Anthony Mendoza) An example of the magnetic wall that will be part of the new STEM Lab at the The Children’s Museum at La Habra. (Photo courtesy of KODO) Wooden ramps like the one seen in the picture will be part of the STEM Lab exhibit at The Children’s Museum at La Habra. (Photo courtesy of KODO) Kids play at a funnel stand similar to a product that will be installed at the STEM Lab at The Children’s Museum at La Habra. (Photo courtesy of KODO) A lighted peg wall will be a part of the new STEM Lab exhibit at The Children’s Museum at La Habra. (Photo courtesy of KODO) Nannie’s Travels, which has been a permanent exhibit at Children’s Museum at La Habra, will close by the end of the month. The room features more than 200 items collected throughout the travels of Jane Gaul and Robert B. Gaul. (Anthony Mendoza) The facade of a police station will be added to the Kids on Stage area at the The Children’s Museum at La Habra. The police motorcyle is being donated by the La Habra Police Department. Money for the project was donated by the La Habra Police Association. (Rendering courtesy of Lisa Reckon, Curator of Exhibits and Education) A rendering of the STEM Lab that will replace Nannie’s Travels at The Children’s Museum at La Habra. The exhibit is set to open prior to October. (Rendering courtesy of Eden Chung) Show Caption of Expand Donations for the project, which is expected to open by Oct. 1, were made by Boeing, the La Habra Rotary Club, the La Habra Host Lions Club and the National Charity League of Whittier. Nannie’s Travels, which features more than 200 items collected throughout the travels of Jane Gaul and Robert B. Gaul, is expected to close by June 1, Qureshi said. Most of the items from the exhibit will remain as part of the museum’s collection and be used in the cultural gallery. Other items will be sold at the museum’s annual antique sale. “They donated all these pieces to us, but the kids can’t touch them and we’re a hands-on museum, so this is not working for us,” Qureshi said. “It’s pretty and we can tell kids stories about it or dress up like it, but is it hands-on? Not really.” The museum will also be adding a police exhibit in the Kids on Stage area, which will feature a facade built to look like the entrance of an old police station and uniforms for kids to wear. Money for the project was donated by the La Habra Police Association. A refurbished police motorcycle is being donated by the La Habra Police Department as well. The exhibit is expected to be ready by Oct. 1. The two new permanent exhibits are the first for the museum in nearly three years. Clubhouse H20’s Conservation Garden, which was added in 2015 and teaches kids about water conservation and the agricultural history of the city, was the last permanent exhibit to be added to the museum. Get the latest news delivered daily! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular FBI arrests 12 on suspicion of stealing credit card information, going on $500,000 shopping spree Family of dead man found on Tustin lawn is asking for help finding killer, confused why friends left him Jon Wilhite, sole survivor of drunk-driving crash that killed Angels pitcher Nick Adenhart, gets emotional when telling teens his story Video released by police shows man assaulting intoxicated woman outside Santa Ana bar Quiz: Can you identify these celebrities from their Orange County high school photos? How some Southern California drug rehab centers exploit addiction Woman killed in 3-car accident in Tustin Part 1: This is how Disneyland looked in 1955 Jon Wilhite, sole survivor of drunk-driving crash that killed Angels pitcher Nick Adenhart, speaks at mock DUI program Shark Search tours in Dana Point Harbor are packed, great whites don’t disappoint OCVarsity Photos: Seven days of great plays, memorable moments (5-21-17) O.C. District Attorney charges family, doctors with insurance fraud related to sober living homes, urine tests Tags:  children community Education Anthony Mendoza View Comments Join the Conversation We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com. blog comments powered by Disqus More in Orange County News Woman killed in 3-car accident in Tustin Laguna Beach makes citywide smoking ban official, a first in Orange County 16-year-old girl flees social worker’s car in Santa Ana, is missing Jon Wilhite, sole survivor of drunk-driving crash that killed Angels pitcher Nick Adenhart, gets emotional when telling teens his story Live Traffic Map Weather Corrections Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS About Us About Us Contact Us About SCNG Work with Us Company Store Advertising Sections Cars Classified Jobs Real Estate Knowledge Cafe Top Workplaces Deals How to Advertise with us Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kits Advertising Contact Information How to find us on other platforms Newsletter Signup Mobile Apps E-edition Current Newspaper Ads Weekly E-editions Site Map Subscriber services Customer Service Subscribe Reader Rewards Partners Coast Magazine OC Family Southland Golf The Cannifornian Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Alec Ross, innovation expert and best-selling author, to keynote Iowa Ideas 2017 LEARN MORE Most Popular Most Recent School resource officers part of the ‘village’ raising kids in Cedar Rapids Cedar Rapids City Council changes course, supports affordable housing complex Cedar Rapids Washington grinds out win over Marion for spot in Metro tournament final Hlas: Cyclones’ Julian Good-Jones tackles center Cedar Rapids man gets probation, 60 days in jail in brick assault Kernels lose to Clinton, 7-1, but get encouraging relief outing from Zack Tillery Pitcher Josh Strauss, timely hitting launches Linn-Mar baseball into Metro title game School resource officers part of the ‘village’ raising kids in Cedar Rapids Cedar Rapids City Council changes course, supports affordable housing complex Kennedy, Xavier split season-opening series House committee hears clashing views on the impact of a border adjustment tax Video Photo U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin discusses the Trump administration's budget plan during the Peterson Foundation's 2017 Fiscal Summit in Washington, U.S., May 23, 2017. REUTERS/Jim Bourg By Sarah Halzack, the Washington Post May 23, 2017 at 6:00 pm | Print View There were fresh hints on Tuesday that a proposal by House Republicans for a new tax on imports has a difficult path to becoming law. At a conference, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said the so-called border adjustment tax “ doesn’t create a level playing field” and “has the potential to pass on significant costs to the consumer.” Meanwhile, as executives and economists testified before the Ways and Committee about the matter, it was apparent that GOP lawmakers face some resistance to the idea within their own ranks. Rep. Erik Paulsen, R-Minn., said he can not support the border adjustment tax as it is described in the plan. Another Republican, Rep. Jim Renacci of Ohio, said he is skeptical of the idea, even though he has “been trying not to be.” “I’m very concerned for the low-margin companies in my district,” Renacci said. These would appear to be setbacks for a core tenet of Republicans’ wider tax reform plan. The border adjustment tax provides an important stream of revenue that would create room for them to slash taxes in other ways. Much of corporate America is in agreement that it would like to see a sweeping overhaul of the tax system - but there is a deep divide about how best to achieve that. That rift was on display during Tuesday’s hearing. Brian Cornell, the chief executive of big-box behemoth Target, said in his testimony that he believed Target’s tax rate would leap from 35 percent to 75 percent if this proposal were enacted. That’s because the border adjustment tax would prevent companies from deducting the cost of imported goods. Target says it is America’s second-largest importer, and that it about half of what it sells comes from overseas. “We - like many others - would be left with only bad options,” Cornell said. Cornell argued that the retail industry would be forced to raise prices for consumers if a border adjustment tax were to be implemented. “Every time your constituents fill up their gas tanks, they would pay more. The people who shop at Target are middle-class working families, whose budgets are already stretched,” Cornell said. “For them, this new tax would be a budget breaker.” The committee also heard from Juan Luciano, the chief executive of Archer Daniels Midland, a producer of food ingredients, animal feeds and other items. Luciano’s company is part of a coalition of exporters such as GE, Boeing and Caterpillar that supports the tax. Luciano said U.S. businesses in his industry have been losing global market share, and that he believes this tax change could help stop that. “This proposal offers the chance to give American farmers, American workers and American agriculture the chance to compete fully and to continue providing American products to customers around the globe,” Luciano said. If Congress were to implement a border adjustment tax, it would mean businesses could no longer deduct the cost of imports from their tax bill. Since retailers rely heavily on overseas manufacturers to make the goods they sell to customers, they worry their tax bills would increase dramatically. Some economists have been dismissive of these concerns, because they expect that the value of the dollar will adjust under this scenario in such a way that retailers’ costs wouldn’t actually skyrocket. But importers tend not to find this particularly reassuring, often arguing that it is uncertain whether this will play out in the real world like it does in the textbooks. “ There’s one word that I continue to hear again and again, which is ‘if,’’’ Cornell said during the hearing. Opponents of the tax also say that there is a chance the provision could be deemed not compliant with World Trade Organization rules. Even if a border adjustment tax were to garner broad support in the House, it appears poised to hit stumbling blocks in the Senate, where several Republicans have expressed doubts about the idea. Sen. David Perdue, R-Ga., for example, said earlier this month , “Right now, in the Senate anyway, I think the border adjustment tax is dead on arrival.” Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles US stocks advance, bonds mixed as oil to ... Kurdish independence in Iraq likely 'not ... Race dominates fraught jury selection in ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Operations & Technology > MRO > MRO Briefs-May 23, 2017 MRO Briefs-May 23, 2017 May 23, 2017 Linda Blachly EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media Gallery: A look inside Lufthansa Technik's Frankfurt MRO facility Advertisement Acro Aircraft Seating completed a Series 3 Superlight ST slim-line economy-class seat linefit development program for Allegiant Air. The contract comprises 12 Airbus A320 200; 10 are scheduled for delivery in 2017 and the remaining two in 2018. Since 2013, Acro has retrofitted more than 40 A319s/A320s for Allegiant Air with a further four on order for 2017. Honeywell completed test with Cathay Pacific Airways (on A330 fleet) of its GoDirect Maintenance Services program that uses advanced data analytics to reduce aircraft downtimes. EDM was selected by Jet2.com to supply a Boeing 737 door trainer. Liebherr-Aerospace renewed repair/services deal with Turkish Technik for Airbus aircraft. AJW achieved ISO 27001:2013 safety certification by the British Standard Institution. Recaro Aircraft Seating has an SAS Scandinavian Airlines order for mod kits to upgrade 5,000 BL3520 economy seats with USB power. Ameco was named by Boeing as official BBJ Warranty Service Center in Asia. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles MRO Briefs-May 4, 2017 MRO Briefs-May 16, 2017 MRO Briefs-May 9, 2017 MRO Briefs-May 2, 2017 MRO Briefs-May 26, 2016   Blogs & Commentary May 10, 2017 blog The face of an airline It is almost impossible to imagine Etihad Airways without James Hogan, but come July that will be a reality. How do airline brands move on when their face changes?...More May 5, 2017 blog Doug Parker: ‘Our stock is so undervalued it defies logic’ What will it take for Wall Street to buy into the notion that US airlines are safe—and even forward-thinking—investments?...More May 2, 2017 blog US lawmakers are angry, but want airlines to self-regulate Today’s congressional hearing on US airline customer service was certainly a venting exercise for lawmakers. The question is, will this new wave of airline bashing stop at angry words or be followed by regulation?...More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location May 23, 2017 Article Thales: Future IFE includes personalization, revenue opportunities The future of IFE will involve seatback monitors that interface with passengers, customize content and generate ancillary revenue, according to Thales executives at the company’s new IFE final integration and test facility in Irvine, California, May 22....More May 23, 2017 Article ATW Plus Thales: Cybersecurity a mounting concern as IFEs collect data   Cybersecurity is a growing concern for airlines as evolving inflight entertainment (IFE) systems start using more sensitive passenger data....More May 3, 2017 Article Boom CEO sees market for 1,000 supersonic passenger jets by 2035 Denver-based Boom Technology founder and CEO Blake Scholl believes the company’s first supersonic passenger aircraft can enter commercial service as soon as 2023 and there is a market for as many as 1,000 supersonic airliners to be delivered by 2035....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Advertisement Modern Healthcare Menu Providers Insurance Government Finance Technology Transformation Safety & Quality People Opinion & Editorial Research & Data Center Education & Events Awards & Recognition Magazine Jobs Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Twitter Facebook Linkedin Google Plus Opinion & Editorial Research & Data Center Education & Events Awards & Recognition Jobs Modern Healthcare The leader in healthcare business news, research & data Register |  Log in This Week's Issue • Subscribe • Advertise Modern Healthcare Providers Insurance Government Finance Technology Transformation Safety & Quality People Home  > Insurance  > Health Insurance Exchanges  Healthcare CEOs have zipped their lips on AHCA politics Related content Health insurers' proposed 2018 rate hikes are early 'warning signs' Blindsided former Molina CEO says his takedown could stifle healthcare advocacy Twitter Facebook Linkedin Google Plus Buy Reprints Email this page to a colleague Healthcare CEOs have zipped their lips on AHCA politics By Shelby Livingston  |  May 23, 2017 House Republicans' Affordable Care Act repeal-and-replace bill is likely to undergo serious changes before the Senate votes on the legislation. But few healthcare CEOs are wielding their influence publicly to shape the legislation that will significantly affect their companies' bottom lines and customers.Insurer and provider executives are hiding behind industry lobbying groups, including America's Health Insurance Plans and the American Hospital Association, instead of using their power to influence lawmakers on the GOP's American Health Care Act. Their silence is a missed opportunity to serve their patients' best interests, some experts say. "Health insurance CEOs, in particular, could be very influential if they weighed in on whether the AHCA would stabilize or destabilize the market," Tags: Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Content {{title}} {{description}} {{buttonType}} Advertisement Modern Healthcare Enewsletters Sign up for free enewsletters and alerts to receive breaking news and in-depth coverage of healthcare events and trends, as they happen, right to your inbox. Subscribe Today The weekly magazine, websites, research and databases help you make informed business decisions. The weekly magazine, websites, research and databases provide a powerful and all-encompassing industry presence. We help you make informed business decisions and lead your organizations to success. Stay Connected Join the conversation with Modern Healthcare through our social media pages: About Us Contact Us Submission Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Copyright © 1996-2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Marijuana Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Nation Trump’s $3.6 trillion budget cuts hit his supporters hard UPDATED: Tue., May 23, 2017, 11:38 p.m. Budget Director Mick Mulvaney holds up a copy of President Donald Trump’s proposed fiscal 2018 federal budget as he speaks to members of the media in the Press Briefing Room of the White House in Washington, Tuesday, May 23, 2017. (Andrew Harnik / Associated Press) By Justin Sink and Erik Wasson Bloomberg Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Related topics McMorris Rodgers: Trump budget “just a proposal” President Donald Trump’s first full budget would dramatically reduce the U.S. government’s role in society, hitting hard many of the rural, working-poor supporters who propelled him into office as he cuts through the safety net for the poor and disabled, hitting farming communities and inner cities alike. And the urban minority voters whom Trump asked in his campaign “What do you have to lose?” by supporting him got their answer in the $3.6 trillion in spending reductions he’s requesting. They, along with residents of rural areas, would feel the bite of steep reductions in food stamps, Medicaid health insurance payments, low-income housing assistance and block grants that fund Meals on Wheels for the elderly. For those reasons, among others, Trump’s fiscal 2018 budget, released Tuesday, is finding little support in Congress, even among Republican lawmakers from districts and states that gave Trump wide margins in the November election. The administration is undeterred, calling for a rethinking of government to place greater weight on the interests of the people who pay taxes rather than those who turn to it for help. “It’s a taxpayer-first budget,” Mick Mulvaney, the White House budget director, said, echoing Trump’s message to lawmakers that introduced the full budget document. “We are no longer going to measure compassion by the number of programs and the amount spent on those programs,” Mulvaney said, arguing that the policies will help aid recipients rejoin the workforce. “We need everybody to pull in the same direction.” But Congress has its own plans and, as Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky said in an interview last week with Bloomberg News, Trump’s priorities “aren’t necessarily ours.” “We know the president’s budget is not going to be passed as proposed,” Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, said Tuesday. Even so, Senate Republicans are working to implement some of Trump’s proposed Medicaid cuts as part of an Obamacare repeal bill and plan to take up his proposed tax rate cuts later this year. House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., said Trump’s budget, like those of his predecessors, will get a heavy reworking in Congress. But he sought to highlight areas where the White House and congressional Republicans share similar goals. “Here’s what I’m happy about: We finally have a president who’s willing to actually even balance the budget,” Ryan told reporters. “And we will have a great debate about the details on how to achieve those goals.” Trump’s proposal claims to balance the budget within a decade. But it relies on a tax plan for which the administration has provided precious little detail and makes heavy use of accounting gimmicks. The president’s proposal would fulfill his campaign promise of leaving Social Security retirement benefits and Medicare untouched while increasing national security spending. He’s also proposing deep cuts to foreign aid and tighter eligibility for tax credits that benefit the working poor. Cuts to agricultural programs will be felt in Trump country. Eight of the 10 states that received the most federal money in farm subsides voted for Trump, according to a state ranking compiled by the Environmental Working Group. Even in Illinois and Minnesota, the two states that voted for Democrat Hillary Clinton, rural areas supported the Republican. The plan calls for some new domestic spending, including $25 billion over 10 years for nationwide paid parental leave – a cause championed by first daughter Ivanka Trump – and an expansion of the Pell Grant program for low-income students. The sheer ambition of the president’s plan, which would cut domestic agencies by 10 percent in 2018 and by 40 percent in 2027, make the budget even less likely to gain traction on Capitol Hill, where lawmakers regularly flout the annual blueprint offered by the executive branch. But lawmakers are also likely to view some of the administration’s accounting gimmicks with extreme skepticism. The budget predicts a sweeping tax overhaul package that would strengthen economic growth while providing few details of how the tax code would change. The one thing the administration has said is people and businesses will pay less; the budget asserts the amount of revenue collected won’t drop. Neither of the White House’s assertions – that Trump’s tax plan would be both revenue-neutral and fuel budget coffers by $2 trillion to $2.6 trillion through economic growth – is realistic, said Maya MacGuineas, president of the bipartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget. She called the administration’s projections of 3 percent annual growth “really not possible – they have impossible assumptions of no changes in revenue and tax cuts.” She added that to see 3 or 4 percent growth “is nearly unprecedented. You’d need productivity growth at a level you’ve never seen.” The scant detail in Trump’s tax proposal was likely to hinder tax reform, she said. “They rolled out all the goodies but none of the offsets that would be necessary,” MacGuineas said. “I’m not a fan of surprises, and you have to set realistic expectations, because there are real trade-offs and choices.” The independent Tax Policy Center estimated that Trump’s campaign tax plan would add $7.2 trillion to the deficit. Economic growth spurred by Trump’s tax and regulation policy would add more than $2 trillion in tax revenue, according to the budget documents. The budget also makes use of several other classic accounting gimmicks. It assumes that the wars in Afghanistan and the Middle East will cause future Congresses to allocate $593 billion in extra war funding that won’t be needed and then claims to save that amount by not spending it. The Trump budget also assumes a $35 billion savings from changes to financial services industry regulations and a repeal of the Dodd-Frank law’s orderly liquidation authority, under which financial regulators are empowered to untangle and wind down the biggest banks in a crisis. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office projected savings of $14.5 billion over a decade from eliminating the authority. The proposal seeks to boost government revenues by allowing drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, ending the practice of sharing oil royalties with states along the Gulf of Mexico and selling off government-owned electricity transmission lines in the West. Like much of the budget, those moves are likely to face opposition on Capitol Hill. Trump has promised a wall on the southern U.S. border that Mexico will eventually pay for, and the budget includes $2.6 billion in 2018 – $1.6 billion for “new and replacement border wall” in certain locations and about $1 billion for other items including aircraft, equipment and surveillance technology to deter illegal activity. Trump estimates the wall will cost $8 billion to $12 billion, but most experts say it will likely be more expensive. While Trump is proposing to increase the defense budget, the push for more high-priced weapons will wait another year. The Trump budget requests 70 Lockheed Martin Corp. F-35s and 14 Boeing Co. F/A-18E/F fighters – the same quantities anticipated by Obama’s administration for fiscal 2018. Similarly, the administration is requesting eight new Navy ships, the number proposed by Obama. With Trump pledging to increase the Navy fleet to 350 ships from 275 that can be deployed today, the Navy has said it will need to request 12 new vessels in fiscal 2018 to start the acceleration. Medicaid cuts of $610 billion would come alongside $250 billion savings – partly fueled by limiting expanded Medicaid – from repealing Obamacare. Food stamps would be cut by $193 billion. Federal workers would see much less generous retirement benefits under the budget. Eliminating cost-of-living adjustments for retirees would save $42 billion, while increasing required employee retirement contributions would save $72 billion. And the budget would save $72 billion through cuts to Social Security Disability Insurance. The administration has pitched its changes to student loan programs as beneficial to students. The budget would create a single repayment plan that would cap monthly payments at 12.5 percent of discretionary income, an increase from the 10 percent cap under some existing payment plans. But students would only need to repay their loans for 15 years, rather than 20, with the remainder wiped out by the federal government. That would cut the federal subsidy by $76 billion. Updated: May 23, 2017, 11:38 p.m.  Tags: budget, Donald Trump, economy, Mick Mulvaney Most read stories Legal fight erupts after five from India caught entering U.S. to avoid Trump immigration bans … Seattle Seahawks Hall of Famer Cortez Kennedy dead at 48 … The Spokesman-Review … Spokane City Council shoots down speculation on ‘soda tax’ to pay for police … Comcast chooses Liberty Lake site reader comments … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video UPDATE 1-Ryanair says wants to take Alitalia routes, not buy airline Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Bonds News | Tue May 23, 2017 | 2:29pm EDT UPDATE 1-Ryanair says wants to take Alitalia routes, not buy airline * Ryanair could deploy 20 planes in Italy at short notice * Deployment could rise to 30 planes * Several rivals have declared interest in routes, not Alitalia (Adds quotes, background) By Julia Fioretti BRUSSELS, May 23 Irish airline Ryanair is ready to deploy up to 30 planes in Italy to replace capacity lost if Alitalia collapses or is restructured but does not want to buy the struggling Italian carrier, Chief Executive Michael O'Leary said on Tuesday. Ryanair's view mirrors the stance of rival easyJet and British Airways owner International Airlines Group (IAG), which have both said they are interested in replacing Alitalia capacity but say they do not want to buy the airline. Alitalia has filed for bankruptcy protection and a commissioner was appointed to review its future and determine whether it can continue under a new business model. The commissioner, Luigi Gubitosi, has said that Alitalia's long-haul traffic is doing well and that selling the airline in one block would be the preferred option. Asked at a Brussels news conference whether Ryanair would be interested in buying Alitalia, O'Leary replied with an unequivocal "no", adding that his company had submitted an expression of interest only because it wants to "participate in the process". Ryanair is instead preparing to deploy up to 20 aircraft initially over a two-week period this summer if Alitalia cuts capacity significantly. "We've written to the Italian government and we've said 'look, if something untoward happens, don't worry, we will step into the breach'," O'Leary said. The planes will be found by tweaking schedules and extending leases, he said, adding that the potential deployment could increase up to 30 planes over the next 12 months. Ryanair might take "a couple of additional deliveries" from Boeing over the next 18 months, he said. Last week easyJet Chief Executive Carolyn McCall said that she had no interest in buying Alitalia, adding to rejections from the heads of IAG, Lufthansa, Air France-KLM and Norwegian Air Shuttle. Any short-haul capacity cut by Alitalia would lead to "opportunities for easyJet," she told analysts after the airline reported first-half results, adding that Rome and northern Italy would be of particular interest. Willie Walsh, head of IAG - which also owns Iberia, Vueling and Aer Lingus - said this month that the group's airlines, in particular Vueling, could speed its growth in Italy, depending on what happened with Alitalia. Italy is one of Europe's largest travel markets and a big tourist destination, but short-haul routes are dominated by low-cost carriers such as Ryanair and easyJet. Ryanair now has a 28 percent share of capacity from Italy to western Europe, against 12 percent for easyJet. (Writing by Conor Humphries and Victoria Bryan; Editing by Susan Thomas and David Goodman) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Bonds News UPDATE 6-Moody's downgrades China, warns of fading financial strength as debt mounts * Moody's says reforms won't prevent rise in economy-wide debt U.S. financial council reimagined as boon, not bane, for Wall St WASHINGTON, May 24 The Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC), which brings together all U.S. financial watchdogs, used to be the scourge of Wall Street but under Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin it can serve to ease its regulatory burdens. African Markets - Factors to watch on May 24 The following company announcements, scheduled economic indicators, debt and currency market moves and political events may affect African markets on Wednesday. - - - - - GLOBAL MARKETS China's main stock index fell one percent and the Australian dollar slipped on Wednesday after Moody's cut its sovereign credit rating on China. WORLD OIL PRICES Oil prices rose on Wednesday, supported by increasing confidence that an OPEC-led production cut aimed at tight MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Deadly blast at Manchester concert Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
News & Features Latest News▶ Opinion▶ Features▶ Galleries▶ Topics▶ Investments Alternative Investments Bonds / Fixed Income International Investing REITs Socially Conscious Investing Insurance Annuities Health Care Life Insurance Variable Annuities Broker-dealers Independent Broker-dealers Regional Brokerages Wirehouses Retirement 401(k) Defined Benefit Plans Defined Contribution Plans IRAs Social Security Your Practice Client Prospecting Client Servicing Staffing / Personnel Succession Planning Video INTV Calvert's John Streur: How the Trump administration will impact socially responsible investing Events The future of wealth management: Technology strategies for success Smarter in 60 Seconds Factor Investing: Experience Counts Gadget Girl Gadget Girl: The case of lassoing long-term client engagement Secrets Behind Success A financial planning pioneer Data & Resources Fiduciary Focus The DOL rule from all angles. Fiduciary Focus is your one-stop resource for learning how the DOL's fiduciary rule is changing the advice business. B-D Data Center Find out which firms offer the highest payouts, have the most reps in the field and generate the most revenue - or create your own custom rankings. The Adviser Center Before you change firms, make a new hire or explore an acquisition, visit the new InvestmentNews Adviser Center. Advisers on the Move Track the latest teams of advisers and brokers changing firms and view recruiting activity at wirehouses, regional brokerages, RIAs and IBDs. More White Paper Library RIA Data Center Data Library Research Adviser Research Dashboard This interactive, customizable tool allows you to view detailed data on compensation, staffing and financial performance practices from across the industry. Adviser Technology A comprehensive study highlighting the best technology practices of both your peers and top-performing advisory firms. Financial Performance Benchmark your business against the industry's best practices with the 2016 InvestmentNews Financial Performance Study of Advisory Firms. Data Store Visit the InvestmentNews Data Store to purchase adviser tools, studies and data spreadsheets. More Compensation & Staffing Succession Planning Custom Research Events Womens Forum: Focus on Leadership June 20, 2017 | New York Prepare to be inspired at this event tailored to women working in the financial services industry. Women Adviser Summit July 11, 2017 Boston | Nov. 9, 2017 San Francisco | For sophisticated female advisers who want to take their personal and professional self to the next level. Webcasts Check out the latest webcasts available covering the most important topics in the industry. Many qualify for CE credits. Best Practices Oct 18, 2016 | NYC. The 4th annual Best Practices Awards and Workshop will take a deep dive into the 2016 Financial Performance Study of Advisory Firm results and identify the most elite firms of the industry. More Retirement Income Summit Women to Watch Icons & Innovators Subscribe Author: - All - Jeff Benjamin Mary Beth Franklin Greg Iacurci Bruce Kelly Mark Schoeff Jr. Liz Skinner John Waggoner  Sections News & Features Latest News Opinion Features Galleries Topics Video INTV ETF Exchange Events Practice Makeover Wealthtrack Data & Resources Fiduciary Focus B-D Data Center The Adviser Center Advisers on the Move White Paper Library RIA Data Center Data Library Research & Studies Adviser Research Dashboard Adviser Technology Financial Performance Data Store Compensation & Staffing Succession Planning Custom Research Events All Events Womens Forum: Focus on Leadership Women Adviser Summit Webcasts Best Practices Retirement Income Summit Women to Watch Icons & Innovators Trump budget seeking $3.6 trillion in cuts draws skepticism Proposal would carve through range of federal safety-net programs, but faces rejection by lawmakers from both parties May 23, 2017 @ 10:53 am By Bloomberg News + Zoom Donald Trump President Donald Trump would dramatically reduce the U.S. government's role in society with $3.6 trillion in spending cuts over the next 10 years in a budget plan that shrinks the safety net for the poor, recent college graduates and farmers. Trump's proposal, to be released Tuesday, claims to balance the budget within a decade. But it relies on a tax plan for which the administration has provided precious little detail, the elimination of programs backed by many Republican lawmakers, and heavy use of accounting gimmicks. Trump's fiscal 2018 budget proposal has already been declared dead… Recommended for you Most popular 1 Acosta declines to extend delay of DOL fiduciary rule 2 DOL Fiduciary Rule: What you need to know about Acosta's decision 3 Labor secretary Alexander Acosta gives DOL fiduciary rule supporters something to cheer about — at least for now Sponsored financial news Featured video INTV John Hancock's Andrew Arnott: Why quantitative investing is seeing a resurgence Quantitative investing is an approach that has been around for a long time and never really went away, but several factors are making it even more popular now, according to Andrew Arnott, CEO of John Hancock Investments. Video Spotlight Will a Sweet Tooth Mean a Sweet Retirement? Sponsored by Prudential INTV Advisor Group's Jamie Price: The real reason why most advisers don't have a succession plan in place Gadget Girl Gadget Girl: The case of lassoing long-term client engagement Channels INTV Events Practice Makeover Smarter in 60 Seconds Secrets Behind Success Gadget Girl The Secret Life of... Consuelo Mack Wealthtrack Latest news & opinion Labor secretary Alexander Acosta gives DOL fiduciary rule supporters something to cheer about — at least for now It won't be delayed beyond June 9, but there could still be wholesale changes to the rule in the future. (More:​ DOL Fiduciary Rule: What you need to know about Acosta's decision) DOL Fiduciary Rule: What you need to know about Acosta's decision Labor Secretary Alexander Acosta confirmed that the agency's fiduciary rule will become applicable on June 9. Find out what advisers and firms should know when it goes into effect. Acosta declines to extend delay of DOL fiduciary rule Labor Secretary finds no legal basis to delay implementation; rule to become applicable June 9 Phyllis Borzi says opponents of DOL fiduciary rule face uphill climb to further delay or dilute it Former assistant Labor secretary who crafted the rule says President Trump won't be able to get rid of it simply because he doesn't like it. Advisers go on the offensive, getting clients ready for the next market correction Some proactive planners are spelling out for clients the impact of a 10% or 20% correction. X Subscribe and Save 60% Premium Access Print + Digital Learn more Subscribe to Print Newsletter Sign-up Register Now in print This week's issue To download the full contents of this week's issue, click here. Past Issues May 13, 2017 May 6, 2017 April 29, 2017 Subscribe to Print Get daily news & intel The pulse of the financial advisory industry. Breaking news and in-depth coverage of essential topics delivered straight to your inbox. view all newsletters Connect with us Register to access our archive of leading investment information and data Follow @newsfromIN Follow @eventsfromIN Follow @statsfromIN Follow InvestmentNews Financial Adviser Group Retirement Income Summit Group Alternative Investments Conference 40 Under 40 Like us on Facebook Like our fan page to receive the latest news and opinion from InvestmentNews. Latest News & Opinion Subscribe to this RSS feed to receive the latest news and opinion from InvestmentNews. About Contact Staff Help Center Editorial Calendar Media Kit Reprints Content Strategy Studio Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc. Use of editorial content without permission is strictly prohibited. Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions are applicable to you. All rights reserved.
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Pat McClain stands on the grand staircase in the new WSU North Puget Sound at Everett building. (Andy Bronson / The Herald) Everett’s Pat McClain wins Henry M. Jackson Award Jennifer Sasseen Tue May 23rd, 2017 10:29am Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. He was born at the end of World War II clear across the country in Maine, where his father was an Army Air Corps lieutenant in charge of a radio detachment at Dow Field, now part of the Bangor International Airport. After a stint in his parents’ Iowa hometown of Dubuque, he grew up the oldest of five children in the Los Angeles suburb of Torrance, only moving north in 1976. Still, Pat McClain belongs to Everett. “He is really Everett, through and through,” Mayor Ray Stephanson said. McClain, 71, is this year’s winner of the Henry M. Jackson Award, named for the late longtime U.S. Senator from Everett and given to a person who’s shown outstanding community service and a strong commitment to the region’s business interests. It’s a fitting award for McClain, who retired last year as Everett’s executive director of governmental affairs and had his hand in a string of projects over the years benefiting Everett and the broader community, including Naval Station Everett, Washington State University North Puget Sound at Everett and the Everett AquaSox. McClain’s “sort of an unsung hero,” Stephanson said. “He just quietly went about making things happen, getting things done.” Whatever the project, you could count on McClain, he ­— and others — said. “If Pat said he was going to do something, you could take it to the bank and cash a check,” said Bob Drewel, senior adviser to Washington State University President Kirk Schulz. A former Snohomish County executive and Everett Community College president, Drewel said he’s known McClain nearly 40 years and admires the man’s principles and ethics. He described McClain as “remarkably resilient,” very well-known in Olympia and always looking out for Everett’s interests, as did “Scoop” Jackson, the award’s namesake. “He’s a pleasure to work with and an even greater pleasure to call a friend,” Drewel said. Doug Levy, the city’s lobbyist for many years, said he first met McClain in 1994, while McClain was working in community relations for Everett Community College. Levy took over as government affairs director for then-Mayor Ed Hansen. That first meeting did not go well. New to the city, Levy said he faced “a steep learning curve” and McClain questioned whether he was up to the job. McClain later apologized, Levy said, and he admired McClain all the more for that. McClain had a hand in Everett’s big “legacy” projects over the years, Levy said, but there were also a lot of smaller projects “that add up to big things,” such as transportation improvements. “He’s just one of those glue guys, I think, for the Everett community,” he said. McClain himself credits his successful career to “visionary” leaders, including the late Elson Floyd, the WSU president who helped bring a four-year university to Everett. “I was fortunate to work for a couple of mayors who were like that,” he said. “Bill Moore in the ‘80s and Ray Stephanson in the 2000s, who would move forward and put people, time, money and talent and political capital into an idea because they believed in it.” It was Moore who, in the 1980s, literally laid the foundation that would allow Everett to become what it is today, instigating a plan to repair the city’s aging water and sewer system. “Moore recognized the fact that our infrastructure was so deteriorated that we’re not going to attract anything until we address it,” McClain said. “And right after that happened all of a sudden we became a quality candidate for a Navy base.” And it was under the leadership of Stephanson, Everett’s longest-serving mayor, that the city was finally able to bring a four-year university to town. That was the culmination of a decades-long crusade that included studies funded in the ‘90s by a triumvirate that McClain said has worked well over the years: the city, the port and the business community. “To me, it is bridging,” he said of his role, and that of others working to improve Everett. “It’s having partners throughout the community, having trust in one another. None of this is one-person, two-person. In the political arenas in particular.” Hundreds of people worked in the city’s campaign to secure and keep a Navy base in Everett, as well as in the continual campaign for Boeing, McClain said. People “you never saw before” came out to improve a field for a minor-league baseball team that would become the Everett AquaSox. Many people including McClain had wrenches in their hands and volunteer “electrical workers were up on huge ladders putting in the field lights,” he said. “It was a barn-raising.” That community spirit came out again to help move the Weyerhaeuser Building, after the company left town in the ‘90s and McClain, who’d worked briefly for Weyerhaeuser in public relations, asked if they’d give the iconic building to the community for $1. “It was built in 1921 as a demonstration of wood,” he said. “In 1921. So it’s very scalloped, it’s high-peaked, very ornate. It looks like a Christmas house.” Maritime contractors on the waterfront helped raise the money to move it to 18th and Marine View Drive. The Chamber of Commerce occupied it for a time, but then it sat vacant for years, until the port fit it into its latest development plan. “And I was there last summer when they put it on rollers and took it down to Waterfront Park now,” McClain said. “But I was looking at it and saying, it’s interesting, you see the results of your decision that you made 20 years ago. “But that’s another grand example of Everett stepping up.” When McClain arrived in Everett in 1976, newly married and hired by the chamber to help it get out of debt and build its membership, the city was a mill town that was losing its mills. The population was 52,001 and it stayed that way for about 10 years, he said. McClain worked to change that. “I can remember,” McClain said, “I went to my board and I said, ‘You know, in the last year you’ve lost 35 business and civic leaders.’ And they said, ‘What do you mean?’ I said, ‘Death, retirement, transfer and relocation.’ And I counted their wives. We lost 35.” He’d also noticed it was taking newcomers quite a while to get mainstreamed, McClain said. The chamber took it upon itself to create orientation classes that grew into a separate entity now known as Leadership Snohomish County. And when the chamber lent its support to a ballot measure to switch from a three-commissioner form of county government to the five-member county council it is today, a Herald editorial gave the chamber credit for its passage, McClain said. “I took an organization that was $30,000 in debt and viewed as a civic club,” he said, “and within a couple of years we were one of the community entities that were given credit for the change in county government.” It’s the city’s willingness to pitch in that has helped Everett grow, he said. Today the population has doubled and the area continues to improve, with renowned hospitals like Providence and Children’s and now a new medical school planned by WSU, as well as a host of businesses and amenities that make Everett more diverse and attractive to families. “You’ve got an arena, you’ve got a hockey team,” McClain said. “None of that was here in 1976. And the baseball team. The whole concept of tourism didn’t exist in 1976. “And I’m a Californian standing on a corner of my office looking to the west at the Sound and mountains, and looking to the east at the valley and mountains, going, why not?” It’s an attitude that McClain used has he attempted to served the city and some of those projects that bear McClain’s touch continue to serve the region’s residents. Not only Everett projects, but regional improvements like the Tulalip water pipeline, dedicated a month ago, built to bring the tribes a secure source of water for the next hundred years. And the light-rail system that McClain and others convinced Sound Transit to route over to Boeing, before cutting back through Everett and on up I-5. But the projects McClain said he’s most proud of are the Navy base and the university, which he hopes will be “integral parts of the community” for a long time to come. Bringing WSU to Everett was his “one last mountain to climb” before retirement, he said, and “what brought tears to my eyes was last year’s graduation. “And you realize that’s 15 years of pushing that rock up the hill and then you see that — and that got me.” Reflecting on the many projects he’s worked on, McClain said it’s the tenacity of the people of Everett that made them possible. “In Everett, we can do big things well,” he said. ”And we did. And the most important word of all that is ‘we’.”   Most Read Aerospace blog Paine Field museum scores rare 1930s de Havilland airplane MUKILTEO — One of the rarest aircraft in the world recently landed… May 22nd, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Arlington plans to make space for its population boom ARLINGTON — City officials say they need to make space for at… May 22nd, 2017 by Kari Bray Aerospace blog Cuts continue as Boeing issues more layoff notices EVERETT — The Boeing Co. issued more layoff notices Friday, as the… May 22nd, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Auditor tells Verdant its safety programs are out of bounds LYNNWOOD — The state Auditor’s Office says the Verdant Health Commission has… May 22nd, 2017 by Sharon Salyer Super Kid Kindness, finding cures rate high for this Mukilteo student MUKILTEO — Warren Han, 18, is a senior at Kamiak High School.… May 22nd, 2017 by Melissa Slager © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
The Suburban Times The community newspaper for DuPont, Fircrest, Lakewood, Steilacoom and University Place Home Calendar Submit an Event Communities Anderson Island Camp Murray DuPont Fircrest Joint Base Lewis-McChord Lakewood Parkland Pierce County Puyallup Spanaway Steilacoom Tacoma Tillicum University Place Departments Announcements Arts & Entertainment Blog Business Community Service Crime Elections Events Government History Home and Garden Recreation Letters People Pictures Schools Sports Obituary Notices How Do I? Advertise Contact Share a Story Submit an Event See Email Archives Subscribe Two Faculty Members Awarded Tenure May 23, 2017 By Clover Park Technical College Leave a Comment The Clover Park Technical College May Board of Trustees meeting ended with a special announcement for faculty members Robert Carver and Ken Meerdink, as the Board awarded tenure to each of the two instructors. An instructor in the Nursing program, Carver came to CPTC in May 2014. Originally from Phoenix, Arizona, he spent 45 years as an Episcopal priest. He eventually went back to school and earned his Associate Degree in Nursing from Pierce College in 2008. He spent one year gaining clinical experience at Madigan Hospital and three at Western State Hospital and earned his Master of Nursing degree from University of Washington in 2014. “I learned far more from being involved in the tenure process than I ever would have expected,” Carver said. “All my committee members were truly supportive.” Meerdink is an instructor in the Computer Programming and Web Development program. He earned his Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from the University of Iowa after serving three years in the United States Army. He also earned a Master’s in Mathematics and taught math, computer science and statistics for years before going back to earn his Ph.D. in Math. After spending 10 years at Boeing as a computer programmer on CAD systems and flight test data processing, he earned his Master’s in Software Engineering from Seattle University. From there, he worked as an adjunct instructor at several college and universities in the Puget Sound region before making his way to CPTC. “Of all the schools I have taught at, Clover Park has been the best experience of all,” Meerdink said. “The administrative and academic support I have received from everyone who works here at Clover Park has been better than any other school I know. The students are the most honest and earnest I have ever had the pleasure to work with. Here at Clover Park, I’ve had the opportunity to make a real difference in peoples’ lives.” The tenure process takes three years and includes quarterly teaching observations, regular course evaluations, self-assessments and professional development. The post Two Faculty Members Awarded Tenure appeared first on In the Spotlight. Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Subscribe to The Suburban Times Receive the email edition of The Suburban Times to your inbox each morning - Free of Charge. Email* Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Contact Us The Suburban Times P.O. Box 39099 Lakewood, WA 98496 Ben Sclair, Publisher 253-312-1804 Stephen Neufeld, Marketing Executive 253-318-7013 Copyright © 2017 · News Pro Theme On Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Leaders Briefing United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituary Special report Technology Quarterly Debates Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps Blogs Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explainsPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Leaders Briefing United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituary Special report Technology Quarterly Debates Blogs up icon Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explains Print Edition Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe Flying highnessThe strange tales of ministers and kings flying commercial jets But the real problem is a shortage of pilots GulliverMay 23rd 2017 by B.R. twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon ONE of the more disquieting rumours of the year is that of the Iraqi transport minister who reportedly demanded a turn at the yoke of a plane carrying 200 passengers flying from Baghdad to Basra. According to a report in the New Arab last month, and a witness account on al-Sharqiya television news, the politician entered the cockpit and asked if he could land the plane. The captain told his co-pilot to give his seat to the minister so that he could land it under his supervision. New Arab quoted one official, speaking on the condition of anonymity: "The minister did not do a good job. He slammed the front of the plane into the ground, sending the passengers into a panic." That all sounds a bit far-fetched to Gulliver. (The Iraqi Civil Aviation Authority did not reply to an e-mail requesting confirmation that the episode took place.) But then over the weekend came the equally bizarre news that the king of the Netherlands (pictured, right) has been anonymously co-piloting KLM flights for past 21 years. There is no suggestion that King Willem-Alexander is unqualified to fly the services, which use small Fokker planes, or that he ever put the wind up passengers in the way that the Iraqi minister supposedly did. Still, it makes one wonder how many hobbyists are flying our commercial jets. Latest updates What is pluralism? The Economist explains36 minutes ago The Supreme Court rejects two Republican-drawn voter districts Democracy in America11 hours ago No sign of the ultimate deal as Donald Trump leaves Israel Middle East and Africa14 hours ago Donald Trump releases his full budget proposal Graphic detail14 hours ago The strange tales of ministers and kings flying commercial jets Gulliver14 hours ago A clapped-out “War Machine” Prospero16 hours ago See all updates In fact, that is not an entirely whimsical question. As we have noted before, there is a shortage of commercial pilots, most notably in America. There, the cost of pilot training is so high, and the wages so low—particularly on regional carriers, which are the usual stepping stones to flying for one of the big international airlines—that the pipeline is running dry. Commercial pilots in America must have completed 1,500 hours in the sky before being considered by an airline. That is a big expense. Once paying back training costs is taken into account, according to the Financial Times, some newly qualified pilots can earn below minimum wage. In the past many commercial pilots came from the air force. Now, airlines rely on civilians. Last year, Boeing said that the airline industry will probably need 617,000 new pilots between 2016 and 2035. No one seems optimistic that figure will be reached. So perhaps the answer is to hire more people with independent means—like kings. There are more sensible suggestions. For a start, if the supply of pilots dries up then airlines will have to start paying them more, which should make it a more attractive career in the long run. And airlines may also have to be less picky about whom they trust to fly their jets. One answer will be to recruit more pilots from abroad, although they will not necessarily come cheap (captains qualified to fly A380 superjumbos are being offered a salary of more than $300,000 to move to China). Some countries do not demand previous flying experience. Instead, recruits join airlines’ training programmes, and are taught to fly a jetliner from scratch. Emirates’s training facility enrols up to 200 students every year on its three-year course. That might be another model for America.   King Willem-Alexander will not be among Emirates’s cadets. KLM is phasing the Fokker plane out, meaning that, according to De Telegraaf, the monarch will have to retrain as a Boeing 737 co-pilot. He will not, though, make the step up to flying long-haul. That would require a layover, he says, and he might not get back to the Netherlands in time if there were an emergency. twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon View comments Reuse this content Editors’ picks Terrorism in BritainLone wolf or complex plot? Analysing the Manchester bombing The use of an improvised bomb may suggest a more elaborate plan than other recent attacks Britain Another Zuma or another party?The struggle to succeed South Africa’s president heats upMiddle East and Africa Nudge comes to shovePolicymakers worldwide are embracing behavioural scienceInternational The Economist explainsWhat is pluralism?The Economist explains Tell us what you think of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Modern Slavery Statement Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to sidebar News National More Québec needs to take care of Bombardier, Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard says The Canadian Press  05.23.2017 Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard gestures during a news conference after a cabinet shuffle at the legislature in Quebec City on Saturday, August 20, 2016. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Clement Allard ORG XMIT: CqA109 ShareAdjustCommentPrint HAIFA, Israel – Premier Philippe Couillard said on Monday that Québec needs to take great care of Bombardier, despite the fact that many Quebecers are frustrated by the generous salary increases given to their executives. On the cusp of bankruptcy, Bombardier received a $1.3 billion bailout from the provincial government last year. “There aren’t many Quebec companies that have a global imprint like Bombardier,” Couillard said after visiting Bombardier’s processing centre in Haifa. “We always have to remember that. It’s an important company for Québec.” Around 100 employees work at the processing centre. In Israel, Bombardier supplies 70 per cent of railway vehicles. While Couillard urges Quebecers to appreciate the company, he added that he isn’t trying to stop them from criticizing Bombardier. He also said that Boeing and Airbus are Bombardier’s biggest competitors and takes pride in the fact that, the day before, Canada’s minister of foreign affairs Chrystia Freeland said that Boeing’s complaints about Bombardier’s supposedly dishonest practice will not be ignored. “Two can play this game,” said Couillard. Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. x Share Québec needs to take care of Bombardier, Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard says Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google Linkedin Video Today's National News Best of Postmedia How Montreal aims to become a world centre of artificial intelligenceImpressive amounts of cash have been flowing into academia, public-private partnerships, research labs and startups active in AI. A family affair: St-Viateur Bagel celebrates 60 yearsBagels are the great equalizer. Everybody eats them, everybody loves them — and everybody is invited to the bagel factory's block party on Sunday. Parks Canada issues warning after illegal wildlife cameras found in BanffOn the hunt for elusive creatures like cougars and wolves, wildlife enthusiasts have been furtively placing remote, motion-activated cameras in the national parks. Parks Canada has issued a warning after finding unauthorized cameras well off the beaten trail in Banff, Yoho, and Kootenay. Anyone wanting to place one must apply for a research permit or face fines as […] Columnists Vaughn Palmer: Vote verdict in Comox will clear political pictureTuesday saw the NDP lead trimmed to 12, then the Liberals pulled ahead by three and, as counting ended... Daphne Bramham: Preserving Chinatown should be a local and national priorityGreat cities have texture. They have buildings, places and communities that reflect their unique character... Daphne Bramham: Granville Island reboot lacks a daring vision for the futureGranville Island was one bold, big idea. Never before had industrial land been reclaimed as public space... Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Alec Ross, innovation expert and best-selling author, to keynote Iowa Ideas 2017 LEARN MORE Most Popular Most Recent School resource officers part of the ‘village’ raising kids in Cedar Rapids Cedar Rapids City Council changes course, supports affordable housing complex Cedar Rapids Washington grinds out win over Marion for spot in Metro tournament final Hlas: Cyclones’ Julian Good-Jones tackles center Cedar Rapids man gets probation, 60 days in jail in brick assault Kernels lose to Clinton, 7-1, but get encouraging relief outing from Zack Tillery Pitcher Josh Strauss, timely hitting launches Linn-Mar baseball into Metro title game School resource officers part of the ‘village’ raising kids in Cedar Rapids Cedar Rapids City Council changes course, supports affordable housing complex Kennedy, Xavier split season-opening series Ford makes changes at the top Move is part of its race to take on Silicon Valley Video Photo Bloomberg Ford President and CEO Mark Fields speaks at the 2017 New York International Auto Show in New York in April. By Washington Post May 22, 2017 at 3:35 pm | Print View Ford Motor Co. on Monday replaced its chief executive, Mark Fields, with former office furniture executive Jim Hackett. The 114-year-old auto giant seeks to become a transformative company capable of taking on Silicon Valley darling Tesla and the coming revolution in smart driving. Fields retired after 28 years at the company, replaced by former Steelcase CEO Hackett, who has almost zero experience in automobiles until he joined the company last year to head its “smart mobility” transportation initiative. “We need speed (in) decision making,” Ford Chairman Bill Ford Jr., said in a Wall Street Journal interview Monday. Ford, the great-grandson of company founder Henry Ford, said he expects the 62-year-old Hackett to be in the job “for a good, long time.” Ford earned more than $25 billion in profits in the past four years, helped largely by the surging U.S. auto and truck market. But the auto icon is reeling from several challenges, including a stock price that has plummeted more than 30 percent since Fields took over three years ago from Alan Mulally, a former Boeing executive known for his open management style. Despite its 14.6 percent share of the U.S. car and truck market in 2016, Ford’s market value of $44 billion has been surpassed by electric-car upstart Tesla at $50 billion. The booming U.S. auto market is expected to slow this year. Hackett’s job will be to reinvent Ford into a new transportation company capable of prospering in a highly competitive and fast-changing business. Ford is facing competition not only from traditional competitors such as General Motors, Toyota and others. The icon also is battling a new cadre of would-be transportation players who have Detroit on edge. In addition to Tesla, ride-sharing companies like Uber Technologies, and tech juggernauts such as Alphabet and others are venturing into the transportation domain with smart-car ambitions and revolutionary ideas around fuel. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles US stocks advance, bonds mixed as oil to ... Kurdish independence in Iraq likely 'not ... Race dominates fraught jury selection in ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Adrian Patayon has a book signing on May 24 hosted by Arc of Snohomish County, an organization that supports people with disabilities and their families. Patayon, who has cerebral palsy and deals with depression and alcoholism, is the author of the book “Adrian’s Aloha Song.” (Dan Bates / The Herald) The Chat Everett author hopes to inspire others with disabilities Sara Bruestle Tue May 23rd, 2017 7:13am Life You must sign in or register to continue reading content. Adrian Patayon doesn’t want you to pity him. He was born with cerebral palsy. He walks with a limp, has slurred speech and his hands shake. Growing up in Hawaii, kids teased him because they saw him as “different.” “I fit in, but I didn’t fit in,” Patayon said. “I couldn’t do what the other kids were doing, or if I could, I was slower.” The pain of feeling unaccepted by his peers led him to drink and then become depressed. His drinking didn’t mix well with his depression. It only made it worse. “I lost jobs, I lost family members, I lost my oldest friends because of my drinking,” Patayon said. “The more I drank, the more depressed I got, the more I drank.” When he was 26, he moved from the Big Island to the mainland as a way to start over. He moved in with his brother’s family and put himself through treatment for alcoholism and depression. It took years and a lot of hard work, but he found his second chance. “I know I can’t change, that I will always have this leg and this limp,” he said. “Once I finally accepted it, my life became easier. I knew I could do what I needed to do.” He shares his story in his book “Adrian’s Aloha Song,” a memoir of his life with cerebral palsy. He recounts his ups and downs through childhood and into adulthood dealing with his disability and explains how he learned to accept himself for who he is, imperfections and all. He will have a signing of the self-published book May 24 at the Arc of Snohomish County’s annual membership dinner. Order the book from Trafford Publishing at www.trafford.com. It’s a quick read at 96 pages. Now 52, Patayon is happy to be himself. He’s nearly 22 years sober and managing his depression. He has a job he loves and shares a house in Everett with his former sister-in-law. His hope is that his story will help others who are struggling with their disability to accept themselves for who they are, too. “I’m not here to ask for your pity,” he said. “I’m here to help you change your life.” Tell me about your book. It’s the story of my life. I was born with a disability called cerebral palsy or CP, but I didn’t find that out until I was 12. Kids made fun of me. They would call me names like “MR” because they thought I was mentally retarded or “drunk man” because of the way I walk. It was really hurtful. I didn’t understand why kids were teasing me. I didn’t understand why I was the way I was. After I was diagnosed, doctors told me I would never use a knife, never climb a ladder, drive a car or operate machinery. So many people told me, “There’s no way you can do this.” But in my heart and my mind I told myself, “You can do it,” so I kept on trying. I proved them wrong. What inspired you to write a book? I want to help other people with disabilities (and their families) realize that they’re not alone. There are a lot of safety nets out there now — research, services and support groups — that I didn’t have in the ’60s when I was a kid. All you have to do is make a call, and you can have answers to your questions. I just want to say to them, ‘Hey, you can do it. Just give yourself a shot.’ ” I hope I can change someone’s life. If I can touch one life, then that would be my honor. Regarding the title of your book, do you sing or play? Yes, I play the guitar. I picked it up when I was 5 years old. My oldest brother, my uncle and one of my grandpas used to play Filipino songs on the mandolin, so I would grab my guitar and just follow along. It feels good to play. I love music. I don’t know the chords, I just play from my heart. I just listen and go with the flow. I play Hawaiian, jazz and Filipino. I bought a brand new guitar two years ago, but I haven’t had a chance to play it. My focus has been on getting my book published. You mention in your book that you wanted to be a disc jockey. Why a DJ? Because I love music and I love to talk to people. I wanted to be a DJ since I was very young. When I was 15, I called the radio station in Honolulu and started talking to the DJ off the air, and then he invited me to the station. I started buying my own collection of LPs and 45s, which I still have today. I have Three Dog Night, Chicago, The Eagles, Fleetwood Mac. Disco came out in the ’70s, so I have a lot of disco. People told me I couldn’t be a DJ because of my speech. I did some speech exercises to learn how to talk like a DJ, but I couldn’t do it. I had to look for a different career. Instead of a DJ, you became a janitor. That’s right. I’ve been in the custodial business for 40 years, working for small companies and big companies. I’ve worked for Boeing, the city of Everett, the city of Lynnwood, the Everett Naval Station. I even had my own company. Right now I work for Varsity Contractors as a janitor part time because I’m semi-retired. I clean three buildings in Mill Creek. I really enjoy what I do. I look at it like I’m cleaning my own home. You want to keep it tidy and looking good in case you have guests. I want my customers to walk into a building that is nice and clean. I always try to do my best. If your customers are happy, then your boss is happy. I really love to be a janitor. I don’t know why, but that’s my passion right there. I’ll do it until I retire. What do you do to help others with disabilities? I serve on the board for the Arc of Snohomish County, which offers support for people with disabilities and their families. I’ve been a director since 2006. We’re one of the smaller chapters in the state, but we have many services and programs that offer lifetime support. I’m also a director-at-large for the Arc of Washington State’s board and a member of the state Developmental Disability Council. I advocate for people with disabilities. I mostly advocate for programs that help people who want to live independently. The thing I’m worried about now is Medicaid because so many people with disabilities rely on it for medical care. I don’t know how far the government will cut the budget. If you could share a meal with anyone, dead or alive, who would it be and why? I would have a meal with Lee Bussard. He was an author and had CP just like me. (Bussard died in 1999 at the age of 42, two years after publishing his memoir “More Alike than Different.”) I read his book. He had a similar story to mine and wrote about what it’s like to live with CP. He was a motivational speaker who would travel around the world talking about living with a disability. That’s my goal for this book. Finish this sentence: People would be shocked to know… That I’m in recovery. I live independently, I have my own car, I work on my own. I’m involved in a lot of organizations dealing with people with developmental disabilities. And I think they would be more shocked to know that I try to help or save lives in any way I can. What is your most proud moment? I don’t have just one proud moment. Each time I prove the doctors wrong is a proud moment. I’m living a life no one imagined for me. I’ve been appointed by two governors to serve on the Developmental Disability Council. I have letters from U.S. Sen. Patty Murray and U.S. Rep. Rick Larsen thanking me for all the work I’ve done to advocate for people with developmental disabilities. I was named Arc of Snohomish County’s Citizen of the Year in 2004. Sara Bruestle: 425-339-3046; sbruestle@heraldnet.com. Twitter: @sarabruestle. Book signing Adrian Patayon will be signing copies of “Adrian’s Aloha Song” May 24 at the Arc Annual Membership Dinner, held at The Old Spaghetti Factory, 2509 196th St. SW, Lynnwood. The book will be available for purchase. A paperback is $13.95; hardcover $23.95. Dinner is optional for $13. Membership to the organization is not required to attend. Registration opens at 5:15 p.m.; dinner is at 5:30. For more information, go to www.arcsno.org.   Patayon’s book “Adrian’s Aloha Song” recounts his ups and downs through childhood and into adulthood living with cerebral palsy. (Dan Bates / The Herald)   Most Read Aerospace blog Paine Field museum scores rare 1930s de Havilland airplane MUKILTEO — One of the rarest aircraft in the world recently landed… May 22nd, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Arlington plans to make space for its population boom ARLINGTON — City officials say they need to make space for at… May 22nd, 2017 by Kari Bray Aerospace blog Cuts continue as Boeing issues more layoff notices EVERETT — The Boeing Co. issued more layoff notices Friday, as the… May 22nd, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Auditor tells Verdant its safety programs are out of bounds LYNNWOOD — The state Auditor’s Office says the Verdant Health Commission has… May 22nd, 2017 by Sharon Salyer Super Kid Kindness, finding cures rate high for this Mukilteo student MUKILTEO — Warren Han, 18, is a senior at Kamiak High School.… May 22nd, 2017 by Melissa Slager © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Tuesday May 23 2017 8:17 pm     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here   Read the Print Edition Here:   Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Stocks up as technology, defense companies climb May 23, 2017, 05:00 AM By Marley Jay The Associated NEW YORK — Strong gains for technology companies like software and chip makers helped lead U.S. stocks higher Monday. Defense contractors also climbed as the market continued to bounce back from a bout of turbulence last week. Stocks rose for the third day in a row. Technology companies are closing in on all-time highs and continued to rise Monday, led by big names like Cisco Systems and Qualcomm. Aerospace and defense companies rose after President Donald Trump presided over a huge sale of military equipment to Saudi Arabia. Amazon led consumer-focused companies higher. Energy companies lagged even though oil prices continued their recent climb. Sameer Samana, a strategist for Wells Fargo Investment Institute, said people continue to spend more money on personal electronics while businesses invest in automation and software to boost their productivity. “In a low-growth environment, you’ve got to squeeze more out of every dollar of investment,” Samana said. At the same time, he added, some overseas markets have been stronger than expected this year. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index jumped 12.29 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,394.02. The Dow Jones industrial average added 89.99 points, or 0.4 percent, to 20,894.83. The Nasdaq composite gained 49.91 points, or 0.8 percent, to 6,133.62. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks picked up 9.81 points, or 0.7 percent, to 1,377.14. The technology component of the S&P 500 index has soared 18 percent this year, almost three times as much as the broader S&P 500. On Monday chipmaker Qualcomm gained $1.61, or 2.8 percent, to $59.28 and Cisco Systems, which sells equipment like routers, switches and software, rose 38 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $31.59. Adobe Systems picked up $2.42, or 1.8 percent, to $138.85 and design software maker Autodesk jumped $3.45, or 3.1 percent, to $113.36. Both the S&P 500 and tech-heavy Nasdaq composite set records early last week before worries about growing political uncertainty in Washington, which could hamper President Trump’s agenda of tax cuts and deregulation, knocked those indexes back from their highs. The Russell 2000 of smaller companies, which would benefit more than large ones from Trump’s proposals, is down 3 percent from the record it set a month ago. Samana said he thinks stocks will become more volatile in the coming months, but not because of politics. Instead, he thinks stocks will break out of their unusual calm because the Federal Reserve and European Central Bank will pull back on the stabilizing measures they’ve used since the global financial crisis. “If they both start to lay the groundwork for pulling back on the extraordinary stimulus, that’s probably the catalyst for a little bit more volatility,” he said. Aerospace and defense companies climbed after President Trump presided over a $110 billion sale of military equipment to Saudi Arabia. The agreement could expand to $350 billion over 10 years. Lockheed Martin climbed $4.24, or 1.6 percent, to $277.03 and Boeing gained $2.91, or 1.6 percent, to $183.67. Amgen and its partner UCB said women who took their experimental osteoporosis drug Evenity were more likely to have serious cardiovascular problems than patients who took Fosamax, an older drug. The companies said that was a new safety concern and they no longer expect the Food and Drug Administration to approve Evenity this year. Amgen lost $3.49, or 2.2 percent, to $153.02. Ford replaced CEO Mark Fields as it struggles to keep the traditional parts of its business running smoothly while it tries to remake itself as a nimble, high-tech automaker. In Fields’ three years as CEO, popular cars like the Fusion sedan became dated and Ford lagged competitors in bringing long-range electric cars to market. Ford’s new CEO is Jim Hackett, who has led Ford’s mobility unit for more than a year. Ford added 23 cents, or 2.1 percent, to $11.10. The stock is down 8.5 percent this year. U.S-based Huntsman and Swiss specialty chemicals maker Clariant are merging to create a company with a market value of $13.8 billion. The company will call itself HuntsmanClariant and Clariant shareholders will own 52 percent of the new company. Huntsman stock slid 56 cents, or 2.1 percent, to $26.15 and Clariant stock rose 3.4 percent in Switzerland. Oil prices continued to rally. Benchmark U.S. crude oil added 40 cents to $50.73 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 26 cents to $53.87 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline gained 1 cent to $1.66 a gallon. Heating oil rose 2 cents to $1.60 a gallon. Natural gas climbed 7 cents, or 2.3 percent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold rose $7.80 to $1,261.40 an ounce. Silver jumped 40 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $17.19 an ounce. Copper rose 1 cent to $2.60 a pound. Bond prices moved a bit lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note inched up to 2.25 percent from 2.24 percent. The dollar declined to 111.20 yen from 111.38 yen. The euro rose to $1.1234 from $1.1207. In Britain, the FTSE 100 gained 0.3 percent. The German DAX dipped 0.2 percent and France’s CAC lost a fraction of a percentage point. Japan’s market rose following strong trade data. The benchmark Nikkei 225 gained 0.5 percent while the South Korean Kospi jumped 0.7 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng surged 0.9 percent. ——— AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay     Tags: percent, cents, companies, gained, their, stocks, Other stories from today: Stocks up as technology, defense companies climb Mark Zuckerberg says he’s not running for public office Ford taps former office furniture executive Hackett to be new CEO     Print this Page  |  << Back            Daily Journal Quick Poll   Development trends on the Peninsula ... Are heading in the wrong direction Don't include enough housing Will be difficult to manage Will change with the economy Are heading in the right direction Are causing me to want to leave                           Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2017 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County notice of bulk sale  
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor Gold Hits $700 by 2018? Here’s Where to Stash Your Cash Instead Home | Economy Tags: Trump Administration | Trump | Cuts | Reshape | Government Trump Seeks $3.6 Trillion in Cuts to Reshape Government Larryhw | Dreamstime.com Tuesday, 23 May 2017 07:12 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    President Donald Trump would dramatically reduce the U.S. government’s role in society with $3.6 trillion in spending cuts over the next 10 years in a budget plan that shrinks the safety net for the poor, recent college graduates and farmers. Trump’s proposal, to be released Tuesday, claims to balance the budget within a decade. But it relies on a tax plan for which the administration has provided precious little detail, the elimination of programs backed by many Republican lawmakers, and heavy use of accounting gimmicks. Trump’s fiscal 2018 budget proposal has already been declared dead on arrival by many of his Republican allies in Congress. The plan would slash Medicaid payments, increase monthly student loan payments and cut food stamps and agricultural subsidies, each backed by powerful constituencies. The administration is unbowed. "We’re no longer going to measure compassion by the number of programs or the number of people on those programs," White House budget director Mick Mulvaney said. "We’re going to measure compassion and success by the number of people we help get off those programs and back in charge of their own lives." Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell has already said he expects the Republican-led Congress to largely ignore the proposal, saying in an interview last week with Bloomberg News that early versions reflected priorities that "aren’t necessarily ours." Campaign Promises The president’s proposal would fulfill his campaign promise of leaving Social Security retirement benefits and Medicare untouched while increasing national security spending. He’s also proposing severe cuts to foreign aid and tighter eligibility for tax cuts that benefit the working poor. He also seeks cuts in food stamps and disability insurance. The plan calls for some new domestic spending, including $25 billion over 10 years for nationwide paid parental leave -- a cause championed by First Daughter Ivanka Trump -- and an expansion of the Pell Grant program for low-income students. The Department of Homeland Security’s budget would increase $3 billion versus the final full year of President Barack Obama’s term, while the Pentagon’s budget would see a $6 billion increase over that same time. The sheer ambition of the president’s plan, which would cut domestic agencies by 10 percent in 2018 and by 40 percent in 2027, make the budget even less likely to gain traction on Capitol Hill, where lawmakers regularly flout the annual blueprint offered by the executive branch. But lawmakers are also likely to view some of the administration’s accounting gimmicks with extreme skepticism. Economic Growth The budget predicts a sweeping tax overhaul package that would strengthen economic growth while providing few details of how the tax code would change. The one thing the administration has said is people and businesses will pay less; the budget asserts the amount of revenue collected won’t drop. Neither of the White House’s assertions -- that Trump’s tax plan would be both revenue neutral and fuel budget coffers by $2 trillion to $2.6 trillion through economic growth -- are realistic, said Maya MacGuineas, president of the bipartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget. She called the administration’s projections of three percent annual growth "really not possible -- they have impossible assumptions of no changes in revenue and tax cuts." She added that to see three or four percent growth "is nearly unprecedented. You’d need productivity growth at a level you’ve never seen." The scant detail in Trump’s tax proposal was likely to hinder tax reform, she said. "They rolled out all the goodies but none of the offsets that would be necessary," MacGuineas said. "I’m not a fan of surprises, and you have to set realistic expectations, because there are real trade-offs and choices." The independent Tax Policy Center estimated that Trump’s campaign tax plan would add $7.2 trillion to the deficit. Economic growth spurred by Trump’s tax and regulation policy would add more than $2 trillion in tax revenue, according to the budget documents. Accounting Gimmicks The budget also makes use of several other classic accounting gimmicks. It assumes that the wars in Afghanistan and the Middle East will cause future Congresses to allocate $593 billion in extra war funding that won’t be needed and then claims to save that amount by not spending it. The Trump budget also assumes a $35 billion savings from changes to financial services industry regulations and a repeal of the Dodd-Frank law’s orderly liquidation authority, under which financial regulators are empowered to untangle and wind down the biggest banks in a crisis. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office projected savings of $14.5 billion over a decade from eliminating the authority. Trump has promised a wall on the southern U.S. border that Mexico will eventually pay for, and the budget includes $2.6 billion in 2018 – $1.6 billion for “new and replacement border wall’’ in certain locations and about $1 billion for other items including aircraft, equipment and surveillance technology to deter illegal activity. Trump estimates the wall will cost $8 billion to $12 billion, but most experts say it will likely be more expensive. While Trump is proposing to increase the defense budget, the push for more high-priced weapons will wait another year. The Trump budget requests 70 Lockheed Martin Corp. F-35s and 14 Boeing Co. F/A-18E/F fighters -- the same quantities anticipated by Obama’s administration for fiscal 2018. Similarly, the administration is requesting eight new Navy ships, the number proposed by Obama. With Trump pledging to increase the Navy fleet to 350 ships from 275 that can be deployed today, the Navy has said it will need to request 12 new vessels in fiscal 2018 to start the acceleration. Safety Net But while defense spending is set to see a boost, social safety net programs are in the president’s crosshairs. Medicaid cuts of $610 billion would come alongside $250 billion savings -- partly fueled by limiting expanded Medicaid -- from repealing Obamacare. Food stamps would be cut by $193 billion. Federal workers would see much less generous retirement benefits under the budget. Eliminating cost-of-living adjustments for retirees would save $42 billion while increasing required employee retirement contributions would save $72 billion. And the budget would save $72 billion through cuts to Social Security Disability Insurance. The administration has pitched its changes to student loan programs as beneficial to students. The budget would create a single repayment plan that would cap monthly payments at 12.5 percent of discretionary income, an increase from the 10 percent cap under some existing payment plans. But students would only need to repay their loans for 15 years, rather than 20, with the remainder wiped out by the federal government. That change would cut the federal subsidy by $76 billion. © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Economy Budget plans faces rejection by lawmakers from both parties; Cuts would carve through range of federal safety-net programs Trump, Cuts, Reshape, Government 1104 Tuesday, 23 May 2017 07:12 AM 2017-12-23 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump to Propose Deep Cuts to Anti-Poverty Programs and Medicaid Monday, 22 May 2017 | 86 comments Like it or not, this is the strong medicine that we need to MAGA. Welfare... Jeremy Siegel: Dow Would Surge 1,000 Points if Trump Resigns Thursday, 18 May 2017 | 82 comments I beg to differ. The DOW would plunge by 1000 points if Trump resign.... Wilbur Ross: Trump-Russia Investigation Is 'Side Show' Thursday, 18 May 2017 | 60 comments Everyone should read and take careful note of this post because it is very... WSJ: Russian State-Run Bank Financed Trump Partner Thursday, 18 May 2017 | 17 comments So what!!! That's the business world. We have the greatest president ever... Trump Proposes Selling Off Half the U.S. Strategic Oil Reserve Tuesday, 23 May 2017 | 14 comments US subs and aircraft carriers are nuclear powered, so are some of the... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Aircraft Tire Market 2017-2021 – Introduction of New-Generation Radial Tires – Research and Markets DUBLIN–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Research and Markets has announced the addition of the „Global Aircraft Tire Market 2017-2021” report to their offering. The global aircraft tire market to grow at a CAGR of 4.75% during the period 2017-2021. The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global aircraft tire market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated in the overall market from the procurement of new tires (for new aircraft) as well as the retreading or replacement of existing tires. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. One trend in market is emergence of green aircraft taxiing systems. Aircraft taxiing involves the movement of aircraft on the ground under its own engine power, which burns a significant amount of fuel. An Airbus A320 aircraft uses approximately 600 liters of fuel while taxiing for an average of 3.5 hours a day. This has necessitated the adoption of alternative approaches for taxiing an aircraft. A number of stakeholders have directed their efforts in developing alternative hybrid or electrically driven approaches to mitigate the excessive fuel consumption and emission impact during taxiing aircraft. According to the report, one driver in market is rise in aircraft retrofitting. There are many aircraft that have been in service for a long time across the globe. These aircraft require periodic component retrofitting for optimal functioning. Landing gear components, including tires and braking systems, need periodical replacements to keep an aircraft in optimum working condition, as well as to enhance the operational efficiency of aircraft landing gear systems. Retrofitting of landing gears would play greater importance in the growth of the global aircraft tire market, especially for the radial tires segment. Further, the report states that one challenge in market is dominance of OEMs and landing gear suppliers in dictating contract conditions. The high bargaining power of any single stakeholder is not a positive sign for any industry. Boeing and Airbus being the two major streamlined aircraft OEMs retain supremacy on finalizing the prices of aircraft tires for their respective aircraft. Also, major landing gear suppliers, such as General Electric (GE) and United Technologies Corporation (UTC), exercise control over structuring the overall features and prices of landing gear systems, which include tires along with other components. Key vendors Bridgestone Dunlop Aircraft Tyres Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company Michelin Aircraft Tyre Key Topics Covered: Part 01: Executive summary Part 02: Scope of the report Part 03: Market research methodology Part 04: Introduction Part 05: Market landscape Part 06: Market segmentation by tire type Part 07: Market segmentation by end-user Part 08: Geographical segmentation Part 09: Market drivers Part 10: Impact of drivers Part 11: Market challenges Part 12: Impact of drivers and challenges Part 13: Market trends Part 14: Vendor landscape Part 15: Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/h2xtjq/global_aircraft CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Reverse Osmosis (RO) Membrane Market 2017-2021 with The Dow Chemical Company, General Electric, Koch Membrane Systems, Toray Group & Toyobo Dominating – Research and Markets Next PostNext Can’t Afford Phone or Internet Service? Search Recent Posts Perugini: Paisiello’s -Il Barbiere di Siviglia- was greatly admired by Mozart Lysogene choisit Brammer Bio pour fabriquer son produit de thérapie génique pour la Gangliosidose à GM1 Lysogene choisit Brammer Bio pour fabriquer son produit de thérapie génique pour la Gangliosidose à GM1 Lysogene Selects Brammer Bio to Produce GM1 Gangliosidosis Gene Therapy Product Lysogene Selects Brammer Bio to Produce GM1 Gangliosidosis Gene Therapy Product Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Global Aircraft Tire Market 2017-2021 - Introduction of New-Generation Radial Tires - Research and Markets May 23, 2017 09:26 AM Eastern Daylight Time DUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Aircraft Tire Market 2017-2021" report to their offering. The global aircraft tire market to grow at a CAGR of 4.75% during the period 2017-2021. The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global aircraft tire market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated in the overall market from the procurement of new tires (for new aircraft) as well as the retreading or replacement of existing tires. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. One trend in market is emergence of green aircraft taxiing systems. Aircraft taxiing involves the movement of aircraft on the ground under its own engine power, which burns a significant amount of fuel. An Airbus A320 aircraft uses approximately 600 liters of fuel while taxiing for an average of 3.5 hours a day. This has necessitated the adoption of alternative approaches for taxiing an aircraft. A number of stakeholders have directed their efforts in developing alternative hybrid or electrically driven approaches to mitigate the excessive fuel consumption and emission impact during taxiing aircraft. According to the report, one driver in market is rise in aircraft retrofitting. There are many aircraft that have been in service for a long time across the globe. These aircraft require periodic component retrofitting for optimal functioning. Landing gear components, including tires and braking systems, need periodical replacements to keep an aircraft in optimum working condition, as well as to enhance the operational efficiency of aircraft landing gear systems. Retrofitting of landing gears would play greater importance in the growth of the global aircraft tire market, especially for the radial tires segment. Further, the report states that one challenge in market is dominance of OEMs and landing gear suppliers in dictating contract conditions. The high bargaining power of any single stakeholder is not a positive sign for any industry. Boeing and Airbus being the two major streamlined aircraft OEMs retain supremacy on finalizing the prices of aircraft tires for their respective aircraft. Also, major landing gear suppliers, such as General Electric (GE) and United Technologies Corporation (UTC), exercise control over structuring the overall features and prices of landing gear systems, which include tires along with other components. Key vendors Bridgestone Dunlop Aircraft Tyres Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company Michelin Aircraft Tyre Key Topics Covered: Part 01: Executive summary Part 02: Scope of the report Part 03: Market research methodology Part 04: Introduction Part 05: Market landscape Part 06: Market segmentation by tire type Part 07: Market segmentation by end-user Part 08: Geographical segmentation Part 09: Market drivers Part 10: Impact of drivers Part 11: Market challenges Part 12: Impact of drivers and challenges Part 13: Market trends Part 14: Vendor landscape Part 15: Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/h2xtjq/global_aircraft Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Aircraft Parts Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Aircraft Parts Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Global Aircraft Tire Market 2017-2021 - Introduction of New-Generation Radial Tires - Research and Markets May 23, 2017 09:26 AM Eastern Daylight Time DUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Aircraft Tire Market 2017-2021" report to their offering. The global aircraft tire market to grow at a CAGR of 4.75% during the period 2017-2021. The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global aircraft tire market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated in the overall market from the procurement of new tires (for new aircraft) as well as the retreading or replacement of existing tires. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. One trend in market is emergence of green aircraft taxiing systems. Aircraft taxiing involves the movement of aircraft on the ground under its own engine power, which burns a significant amount of fuel. An Airbus A320 aircraft uses approximately 600 liters of fuel while taxiing for an average of 3.5 hours a day. This has necessitated the adoption of alternative approaches for taxiing an aircraft. A number of stakeholders have directed their efforts in developing alternative hybrid or electrically driven approaches to mitigate the excessive fuel consumption and emission impact during taxiing aircraft. According to the report, one driver in market is rise in aircraft retrofitting. There are many aircraft that have been in service for a long time across the globe. These aircraft require periodic component retrofitting for optimal functioning. Landing gear components, including tires and braking systems, need periodical replacements to keep an aircraft in optimum working condition, as well as to enhance the operational efficiency of aircraft landing gear systems. Retrofitting of landing gears would play greater importance in the growth of the global aircraft tire market, especially for the radial tires segment. Further, the report states that one challenge in market is dominance of OEMs and landing gear suppliers in dictating contract conditions. The high bargaining power of any single stakeholder is not a positive sign for any industry. Boeing and Airbus being the two major streamlined aircraft OEMs retain supremacy on finalizing the prices of aircraft tires for their respective aircraft. Also, major landing gear suppliers, such as General Electric (GE) and United Technologies Corporation (UTC), exercise control over structuring the overall features and prices of landing gear systems, which include tires along with other components. Key vendors Bridgestone Dunlop Aircraft Tyres Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company Michelin Aircraft Tyre Key Topics Covered: Part 01: Executive summary Part 02: Scope of the report Part 03: Market research methodology Part 04: Introduction Part 05: Market landscape Part 06: Market segmentation by tire type Part 07: Market segmentation by end-user Part 08: Geographical segmentation Part 09: Market drivers Part 10: Impact of drivers Part 11: Market challenges Part 12: Impact of drivers and challenges Part 13: Market trends Part 14: Vendor landscape Part 15: Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/h2xtjq/global_aircraft Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Aircraft Parts Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Aircraft Parts Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Sign in Home News Politics Crime Odd News Announcements Sports Business Finance Investments Stock Market Entertainments Editors’ Pick More Headlines World Developed Economies Emerging Markets Inside Africa Nigeria Breaking News Health Travel Rumor Mill Science Environmental news Technology Opinion Featured Articles Press Releases Special Reports Multimedia News Photos Video Auto Real Estates Jobs Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Wednesday, May 24, 2017 Sign in / Join Archives About Ghana Forums Contact Us Radio Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. News Ghana Home News Politics Crime Odd News Announcements Sports Business Finance Investments Stock Market Entertainments Editors’ Pick More Headlines World Developed Economies Emerging Markets Inside Africa Nigeria Breaking News Health Travel Rumor Mill Science Environmental news Technology Opinion Featured Articles Press Releases Special Reports Multimedia News Photos Video Auto Real Estates Jobs Home Auto James Hackett Named Ford’s New CEO Auto James Hackett Named Ford’s New CEO May 23, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Ford Motor Co (F.N) abruptly named James Hackett as chief executive on Monday, responding to investors’ growing unease about the U.S. automaker’s slumping stock price and its ability to counter threats from longtime rivals and Silicon Valley. Ford Chairman Bill Ford Jr., whose family effectively controls the U.S. No. 2 automaker, said he wanted Hackett to speed up decision-making and cut costs, but did not offer specifics on how the new CEO should change operations. “The clock speed at which our competitors are working …requires us to make decisions at a faster pace,” said Ford Jr., who plans to take a more active role at the company, according to a person briefed on the matter. Ford, which announced plans to cut 1,400 white-collar positions last week, is expected to look at further significant cost cuts in the next three to six months, according to company officials, speaking on condition of anonymity as the plans have not been finalized. Hackett, 62, known as a turnaround expert who for the past year has led the Ford unit developing self-driving cars and related projects, replaces Mark Fields, 56, who spent less than three years as CEO. Fields’ abrupt dismissal caught nearly all at Ford by surprise, but concerns about the company’s direction have been brewing for some time. Ford, once the most financially secure of the ‘Big Three’ Detroit automakers, and the only one not to take U.S. government money in the U.S. auto industry bailout a decade ago, reported record profit in 2015, but now finds itself under pressure on all sides as overall U.S. auto sales fall. Rival General Motors Co (GM.N) is aggressively targeting Ford’s share of the lucrative North American truck and sport utility business, the source of 90 percent of Ford’s profit. Meanwhile, investors see Ford as a laggard in the shift toward electric vehicles, self-driving technology and ride-sharing. Ford’s $44 billion market value is below electric car pioneer Tesla Inc’s (TSLA.O) $51 billion. Bill Ford and other descendants of company founder Henry Ford effectively control the automaker through a special class of shares, but many investors share his concern that the company is running out of time. Ford shares closed up 2.1 percent at $11.10. At Friday’s close, they had fallen 37 percent since Fields took over three years ago at the peak of the U.S. auto industry’s recovery from the crisis last decade. The automaker has tangled with U.S. President Donald Trump, who spent more than a year criticizing the company on the campaign trail for expanding operations in Mexico and exporting U.S. jobs. A Ford spokeswoman said Trump was not a factor in Fields’ departure. Overall U.S. auto sales are slipping after a long boom. But GM has moved faster than Ford to slash unprofitable operations, and Tesla has been quicker to deploy new technology. Bill Ford indicated the company would take more aggressive action to cut costs. “We have to modernize the business” and move “decisively to address underperforming areas,” he said. Hackett, who overhauled furniture maker Steelcase Inc (SCS.N) and then turned around the ailing University of Michigan football program, becomes the latest in a line of non-family CEOs brought in with a mandate to change the management culture at one of the auto industry’s oldest institutions. That task has frustrated many of his predecessors, including Bill Ford, who had been CEO before replacing himself in 2006 with Boeing Co (BA.N) executive Alan Mulally. The decision to replace Fields did not result from a single event, Bill Ford told Reuters. “There is no smoking gun here,” he said. “It’s more the way we are organized, the way Jim is going to streamline the organization.” As CEO of Steelcase, based in Grand Rapids, Michigan, Hackett slashed thousands of jobs and refocused the company on innovation. A former Ford director and interim athletic director at the University of Michigan, Hackett was tapped in March 2016 to run Ford Smart Mobility, a unit established to oversee and coordinate forays into autonomous driving, ride sharing and other ventures. In that role, he helped oversee Ford’s acquisition of San Francisco ride-sharing company Chariot and its $1 billion investment in Argo AI, a self-driving startup focused on robotics and artificial intelligence. The upheaval at Ford underlines pressure on all three major Detroit automakers to prove they can avoid losses as the U.S. market begins to slow from last year’s record sales. GM CEO Mary Barra is fending off attacks from hedge fund Greenlight Capital, which wants to install new directors and split the company’s stock. In March, GM sold its money-losing Opel division to France’s PSA Group (PEUP.PA), effectively exiting Europe in a move Barra promised would free cash for share buybacks. The shake-up at Ford may bring scrutiny to its own plans in the region. The company posted a record $1.2 billion profit in Europe last year but warned that the impact of Britain’s vote to leave the European Union would put a dent in 2017 earnings. Under a broader shake-up announced on Monday, former Ford of Europe chief Jim Farley will become president of a new “Global Markets” group that will include Ford’s regional sales and marketing operations around the world as well as its Lincoln luxury brand. The company is also putting government relations and corporate communications under Ford Jr., and Hackett said the great-grandson of Henry Ford would have a higher public profile. Fields, who earned $22.1 million in 2016 and had a 28-year-career at Ford, also faced a clamor for share repurchases at the company’s annual meeting earlier this month. Fields declined to comment when reached on Monday. Ford said last week it would cut 1,400 staff positions in North America and Asia, a small fraction of the 20,000 job reductions some news outlets had reported were imminent. The company reported a record $10.4 billion in pretax earnings in 2016, but investors were concerned by a weak first quarter and lower profit forecast for 2017, as well as higher costs for investments in “emerging opportunities.” Source: Reuters TAGS Hackett NAMES rivals Silicon TACKLE Valley SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleDetained Russians, Ukrainians Illegal Minners to be Probed Further Next articlePresident Nana Addo Condemns Manchester Bombing News Ghana RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Operation of pontoon on Volta Lake halted Drivers To Pay Compulsory Towing Fee Starting July 2017 NOVITEC ESTESO offers designer wide body version for the Maserati Levante Get more stuff like this in your inbox Subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox. Thank you for subscribing. Something went wrong. we respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously Recent Posts Viewpoint: AU Commemorates 54th Year While Challenges Mount Ghana’s OCTP gas field set to start production Burkina Faso to hold international mining event Groundbreaking ceremony held for mall in Zambian capital UN to honor two fallen Ghanaian peacekeepers BREAKING NEWS U.S Police Deployed to Calm Tension at Nigerian Embassy in Washington “We’re proud of the work we do” – Monsanto Ridge Hospital Closed Down A Day After Its Opening Anas to release another “explosive video” soon Follow us on Instagram @newsghana ABOUT USNews Ghana is Ghana’s leading online news publication for business executives in West Africa and around the continent. Tel: +233 244244807 Contact us: newsghana101@gmail.com FOLLOW US Home Advertising About Us About Ghana Contact Us Partners Privacy & Cookies © 2012-2017 News Ghana
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Tapestry Solutions Awarded $58 Million Contract to Continue Mission Command Training Support for 7th Army Training Command SAN DIEGO, May 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Tapestry Solutions, Inc., a Boeing Company [NSYE: BA], has received a contract award potentially worth $58 million to provide mission command training support services for the 7th Army Training Command – the U.S. Army’s largest overseas training command that provides realistic, tailor-made training solutions to U.S., NATO and partner nations throughout Europe, Africa and beyond.  The contract award covers a base year with four option years. Under the contract, Tapestry will continue to support live, virtual and constructive training exercises at the Joint Multinational Simulation Center (JMSC) located in Grafenwoehr, Germany; its satellites in Kaiserslautern, Germany, and Vicenza, Italy; the Joint Multinational Readiness Center (JMRC) in Hohenfels, Germany; and Theater Security Cooperation exercises throughout NATO.  Spc. Fernando Gomez operates a computer-based simulation during a recent exercise facilitated by the 7th Army’s Joint Multinational Simulations Center at Grafenwoehr, Germany. Tapestry has supported U.S. and allied training exercises throughout Europe since 2011 under the JMSC Battle Simulation Training (BST) contract.   Tapestry designs, plans and conducts computer-based simulations to prepare commanders and their staff for full-spectrum military operations. The company supports all levels of training – from unit-level to joint and multinational exercises – in classroom and force-on-force environments. „We are excited to win this competitive contract, as it demonstrates the Army’s continued confidence in Tapestry and our team’s ability to deliver exceptional services,” said Robin Wright, president and CEO, Tapestry Solutions. As the prime contractor, Tapestry will lead a team that includes Capstone, Metro Productions and VATC (Visual Awareness Technology & Consulting, Inc.). Tapestry will provide overall management along with planning and execution of training exercises throughout the U.S. Army Europe’s area of responsibility.    „We are committed to continued excellence in providing Mission Command Training support to the U.S. Army and fostering lasting relationships with our customers,” said René Burgess, business development director, Tapestry Solutions.  „Tapestry is proud to support the Army’s mission to ensure the highest level of readiness for our forces – today and well into the future.” ABOUT TAPESTRY SOLUTIONS Tapestry Solutions, Inc. is a global provider of information management software and services for defense, government and commercial markets. Backed by our parent company, The Boeing Company, we provide mission planning, training and simulation support to maximize readiness for our warfighters. We also help solve logistics challenges for the world’s largest and most complex supply chains. Headquartered in San Diego, Calif., Tapestry supports customers from more than 50 locations worldwide, including Saudi Arabia, Oman, Afghanistan, Kuwait, the UK, South Korea, Australia, Germany and Italy.   CONTACT: Janet Dayton, jdayton@tapestrysolutions.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tapestry-solutions-awarded-58-million-contract-to-continue-mission-command-training-support-for-7th-army-training-command-300461958.html SOURCE Tapestry Solutions, Inc. Related Links http://www.tapestrysolutions.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsContracts Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dragonfly Therapeutics begrüßt neue Expertin für natürliche Killerzellen-basierte Immuntherapie in seinem wissenschaftlichen Beirat Next PostNext Global Swipe Sensor Market 2017-2021: by Trend, Share, Applications, Size & Industry Growth Analysis Report Search Recent Posts Wet Waste Management Market is Expecting Worldwide Growth by 2026 – Persistence Market Research Study Khojdeal Launches Early Version of its Product and Deal Discovery Platform -Falling Away- by Jeremy Orlando is published Global Suspended Ceiling Market 2022 Industry Growth Analysis Report O-Carborane Market Analysis, Growth, Shares, Size, Trends, Types and Applications with Forecast to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
GET IN TOUCH WhatsApp: 0549986996 +233 302 224959, +233 302 226171       Ghana News Ghana News, Ghana Politics, Ghana Sports, Ghana Business           Home Business Politics Sport Showbiz Odd But True Opinion Relationship Lifestyle Infographics Photo Gallery TV Ford names Hackett as CEO to tackle car rivals, Silicon Valley Tuesday 23rd May , 2017 12:14 pm Ford Motor Co (F.N) abruptly named James Hackett as chief executive on Monday, responding to investors’ growing unease about the U.S. automaker’s slumping stock price and its ability to counter threats from longtime rivals and Silicon Valley. Ford Chairman Bill Ford Jr., whose family effectively controls the U.S. No. 2 automaker, said he wanted Hackett to speed up decision-making and cut costs, but did not offer specifics on how the new CEO should change operations. “The clock speed at which our competitors are working …requires us to make decisions at a faster pace,” said Ford Jr., who plans to take a more active role at the company, according to a person briefed on the matter. Ford, which announced plans to cut 1,400 white-collar positions last week, is expected to look at further significant cost cuts in the next three to six months, according to company officials, speaking on condition of anonymity as the plans have not been finalized. Hackett, 62, known as a turnaround expert who for the past year has led the Ford unit developing self-driving cars and related projects, replaces Mark Fields, 56, who spent less than three years as CEO. Fields’ abrupt dismissal caught nearly all at Ford by surprise, but concerns about the company’s direction have been brewing for some time. Ford, once the most financially secure of the ‘Big Three’ Detroit automakers, and the only one not to take U.S. government money in the U.S. auto industry bailout a decade ago, reported record profit in 2015, but now finds itself under pressure on all sides as overall U.S. auto sales fall. Rival General Motors Co (GM.N) is aggressively targeting Ford’s share of the lucrative North American truck and sport utility business, the source of 90 percent of Ford’s profit. Meanwhile, investors see Ford as a laggard in the shift toward electric vehicles, self-driving technology and ride-sharing. Ford’s $44 billion market value is below electric car pioneer Tesla Inc’s (TSLA.O) $51 billion. Bill Ford and other descendants of company founder Henry Ford effectively control the automaker through a special class of shares, but many investors share his concern that the company is running out of time. Ford shares closed up 2.1 percent at $11.10. At Friday’s close, they had fallen 37 percent since Fields took over three years ago at the peak of the U.S. auto industry’s recovery from the crisis last decade. The automaker has tangled with U.S. President Donald Trump, who spent more than a year criticizing the company on the campaign trail for expanding operations in Mexico and exporting U.S. jobs. A Ford spokeswoman said Trump was not a factor in Fields’ departure. Overall U.S. auto sales are slipping after a long boom. But GM has moved faster than Ford to slash unprofitable operations, and Tesla has been quicker to deploy new technology. Bill Ford indicated the company would take more aggressive action to cut costs. “We have to modernize the business” and move “decisively to address underperforming areas,” he said. Hackett, who overhauled furniture maker Steelcase Inc (SCS.N) and then turned around the ailing University of Michigan football program, becomes the latest in a line of non-family CEOs brought in with a mandate to change the management culture at one of the auto industry’s oldest institutions. That task has frustrated many of his predecessors, including Bill Ford, who had been CEO before replacing himself in 2006 with Boeing Co (BA.N) executive Alan Mulally. The decision to replace Fields did not result from a single event, Bill Ford told Reuters. “There is no smoking gun here,” he said. “It’s more the way we are organized, the way Jim is going to streamline the organization.” As CEO of Steelcase, based in Grand Rapids, Michigan, Hackett slashed thousands of jobs and refocused the company on innovation. A former Ford director and interim athletic director at the University of Michigan, Hackett was tapped in March 2016 to run Ford Smart Mobility, a unit established to oversee and coordinate forays into autonomous driving, ride sharing and other ventures. In that role, he helped oversee Ford’s acquisition of San Francisco ride-sharing company Chariot and its $1 billion investment in Argo AI, a self-driving startup focused on robotics and artificial intelligence. The upheaval at Ford underlines pressure on all three major Detroit automakers to prove they can avoid losses as the U.S. market begins to slow from last year’s record sales. GM CEO Mary Barra is fending off attacks from hedge fund Greenlight Capital, which wants to install new directors and split the company’s stock. In March, GM sold its money-losing Opel division to France’s PSA Group (PEUP.PA), effectively exiting Europe in a move Barra promised would free cash for share buybacks. The shake-up at Ford may bring scrutiny to its own plans in the region. The company posted a record $1.2 billion profit in Europe last year but warned that the impact of Britain’s vote to leave the European Union would put a dent in 2017 earnings. Under a broader shake-up announced on Monday, former Ford of Europe chief Jim Farley will become president of a new “Global Markets” group that will include Ford’s regional sales and marketing operations around the world as well as its Lincoln luxury brand. The company is also putting government relations and corporate communications under Ford Jr., and Hackett said the great-grandson of Henry Ford would have a higher public profile. Fields, who earned $22.1 million in 2016 and had a 28-year-career at Ford, also faced a clamor for share repurchases at the company’s annual meeting earlier this month. Fields declined to comment when reached on Monday. Ford said last week it would cut 1,400 staff positions in North America and Asia, a small fraction of the 20,000 job reductions some news outlets had reported were imminent. The company reported a record $10.4 billion in pretax earnings in 2016, but investors were concerned by a weak first quarter and lower profit forecast for 2017, as well as higher costs for investments in “emerging opportunities.” – Source: Reuters Citi Trends Ford Godwin Akweiteh Allotey Tagged with: Citi Trends Ford More on citifmonline.com Samsung S8 ‘eye security’ fooled by photo May 24, 2017 App to locate toilets to be introduced in India May 23, 2017 15 Ghanaian students benefit from Huawei’s seeds for the future program May 23, 2017 Apple and Nokia to ‘co-operate’ after settling patent row May 23, 2017 Amazon adds live TV channels to Prime Video May 23, 2017 expressPay introduces instant bank transfers May 22, 2017 General News Group wants illegal migration agencies flushed out May 24, 2017 ECG privatization: Energy Minister might have hidden agenda – Manteaw May 24, 2017 Nana Addo leaves for Sierra Leone today May 24, 2017 Military cemetery cost slashed by $1.5m May 24, 2017 Stable economy to push down interest rates – PEF May 23, 2017 Advertisement Recent Posts I admire Shatta Wale a lot – A1 Bread seller Group wants illegal migration agencies flushed out Samsung S8 ‘eye security’ fooled by photo Manchester attack: UK terror threat level raised to critical Central Region school lands in danger – Minister warns ECG privatization: Energy Minister might have hidden agenda – Manteaw Daily Guide launches 2017 essay competition Nana Addo leaves for Sierra Leone today Military cemetery cost slashed by $1.5m Stable economy to push down interest rates – PEF Find us on Facebook © Copyright 2017 | citifmonline.com | All Rights Reserved.
News Sports Business Real Estate 81° Full Menu 81° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business May 23, 2017 7:06 AM Recent Missouri editorials The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The Kansas City Star, May 21 Needed reforms could help fix Missouri's perverted prison system Missouri state Rep. Jim Hansen will long recall one female prison worker who reported that working conditions inside her facility were so horrific that she lost weight and resorted to sedatives. She was intimidated. She was harassed. She was passed over for deserved promotions. Work, Hansen said, became her own personal hell. "It was like she was suffering from PTSD," Hansen said of the mental health problem often linked to front-line soldiers. Hansen, a Republican from Frankford, spent much of the last few months appalled — his word — at what he learned about conditions inside Missouri's prison system. Among the other failings identified were racial discrimination, retaliation for filing complaints and a good-ol'-boy system that fostered an ugly environment. Hansen headed a special investigatory committee set up to examine these allegations that The Pitch first reported in November. The good news: The committee just released a solid set of reforms aimed at reversing this perverted culture that has led to the state paying out millions of dollars in settlements and legal judgments. Those recommendations include an essential zero-tolerance policy, annual sexual harassment training, new discipline guidelines, creation of a 24-hour hotline and random drug screening for employees. Only briefly mentioned in the report is a recommendation for higher pay for experienced workers that would boost the department's dangerously low morale and help instill more professional conduct. As things stand now, Missouri corrections officers are among the nation's lowest paid. Missouri's new corrections chief, Anne Precythe, who took over the troubled department a few months ago after Gov. Eric Greitens forced out the former director, already has implemented several of these reforms. She also created an Office of Professional Standards aimed at making sure that internal investigations "are completed efficiently, fairly and timely." All this amounts to a solid start. But it's also true that many of these recommendations were already included in Department of Corrections policy. The challenge will be for department leaders to ensure that the policies are actually implemented. That responsibility falls on Precythe's shoulders. But it also falls on Greitens, who must follow through. This is now his problem. The Department of Corrections' depraved culture has festered over many years. Hansen likened improving it to "turning an aircraft carrier around." Why? Consider the department's size. The agency employs more than 11,000 people at more than 90 locations. Tens of thousands of prisoners are supervised. That's a lot of area to cover for a department that operates 24 hours a day, seven days a week, every day of the year. There's another issue here, and it's one that state Auditor Nicole Galloway should examine. Several members of Hansen's committee complained that the legal settlements involving the department and its employees were kept secret and never revealed to the General Assembly. "I was totally blindsided," said Rep. Kathie Conway, a St. Charles Republican. That lack of transparency helped cover up the glaring problems inside the department. Fortunately, Attorney General Josh Hawley is now releasing monthly reports that outline settlements and judgments against the state. Meantime, Hansen wants to keep his committee active so that it can follow up if more problems arise. That's smart. Make no mistake: The Department of Corrections is broken. And it must be fixed. The state owes its employees no less. ____ St. Louis Post-Dispatch, May 20 Greitens is no closer to draining the swamp with his special-session call Gov. Eric Greitens says his decision to recall the Legislature for a special session is all about job creation. We have our doubts, mainly because so little of what the governor has said since his inauguration in January has matched his actions. The singular stated mission of the special session is to finish work on a nearly completed bill advanced in the regular session to restart the idled smelter in New Madrid County where its previous operator, Noranda Aluminum, had employed 900 workers. Noranda filed for bankruptcy in February 2016 and idled the plant the following month, with mass layoffs plunging the area into economic turmoil. If jobs were the sole issue here, it would be hard to argue with Greitens' reasoning. But one of the most generous corporate gift-givers for Greitens and the Legislature, St. Louis electric utility Ameren Corp., stands to benefit mightily if the legislation driving the special session passes. If advancing Ameren's interests is Greitens' way of honoring his commitment to drain the swamp in Jefferson City, he's got some explaining to do. A measure sponsored in the regular session by Rep. Donald Rone, R-Portageville, would have loosened Public Service Commission rate oversight, something that even Rone's fellow GOP lawmakers balked at. His bill would allow Ameren to apply a special rate for the smelter, which Ameren lobbied hard for in last year's session without success. Noranda was Ameren's biggest customer before the smelter's closure. Republican state senators have expressed concerns that the legislation would allow Ameren to boost rates for other customers regardless of whether the smelter reopens. Other major Ameren business customers such as Boeing and Anheuser-Busch InBev objected previously, arguing that it's unfair for a publicly regulated utility to apply a special rate for one customer without offering special deals for others. The problem with special rates is that someone ultimately winds up footing the bill, because Ameren isn't operating a charity. If one customer receives electricity at a lower price, other business customers and consumers would have to make up the difference. There's no guarantee that Greitens can overcome the skeptics in his party, so his special session call is a gamble. We don't fault Ameren for trying. It's a business whose job is to get the best deal it can for its shareholders. But the Legislature has a different mandate — to get the best deal it can for Missouri taxpayers. By focusing the special session on jobs, Greitens conveniently sidesteps the Legislature's most glaring failure in the regular session: creating a prescription drug monitoring program to address the state's growing opioid-addiction problem. U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., wrote to Greitens on Wednesday in a last-ditch effort to revive the monitoring program. Greitens appears to have ignored her. Which leaves us wondering: Who is the governor fighting for? ____ The Joplin Globe, May 18 Focus on local effort Even though we all saw it coming, the repeated failure — 12 times, if you are counting — of the Missouri Legislature to pass a prescription drug monitoring program is disappointing — even insulting — to doctors, pharmacists, lawmakers, first responders, parents and those in Missouri who struggle to fight an opioid addiction. But while a push for a statewide program died on Friday with the end of this year's legislative session, we are encouraged that the Healthy Living/Wellness Committee of the Joplin Vision 2022 has recommended that the Joplin City Council direct the research and development of a collaborative prescription drug monitoring program for Jasper and Newton counties. With Missouri being the only state in the nation without a program to track patient prescription history with the intent of preventing "doctor shopping" or patients going to multiple doctors seeking drugs, St. Louis County created its own program in March 2016, allowing other counties and municipalities to join. Already 27 counties and cities, including Vernon County and Nevada, have joined and more than half of Missouri's population will be covered under the database. In a report presented Monday to the Joplin City Council, the committee stated: "We can stop or reduce many overdoses and drug-related crimes simply by recording who gets multiple prescriptions and where. This program will protect residents." We've been hammering the Legislature for years to adopt the program. Let's do what it won't and join other counties and cities in keeping pill shoppers out of our state. Yes, legislators will bring the measure back again in 2018. But there's no reason for us to wait. Let your county commissioner or City Council representative know how important a prescription drug monitoring program is to the health of our community. ____ The Jefferson City News-Tribune, May 19 Let's hold officials accountable for possible wrongdoings Among the relatively few bills passed by the Missouri Legislature this year was SB128, which, among other things, will make it easier to hold public officials accountable for wrongdoing, by letting the state auditor do investigations not currently allowed by state law. Public officials often get a bad rap based on the behavior of a few. The Capitol still is tainted by high-profile incidents that have occurred there in recent years. Still, we believe the vast majority of our public officials are true servants and honorable people. In other words, we don't share the cynicism of political satirist P.J. O'Roarke, who said: "Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys." So while the bill may target politicians, the long-term effect, we expect, will be to reduce corruption and, in turn, better the public's perception of our elected officials. One such official, State Auditor Nicole Galloway, said the bipartisan legislation will increase her ability to work with law enforcement to hold public officials accountable for wrongdoing. The bill, if signed into law, would allow Missouri prosecuting attorneys and law enforcement agencies to request assistance from the state auditor in investigating financial malfeasance when inappropriate or illegal activity is suspected, Galloway said. It was sponsored by Sen. Bob Dixon, R-Springfield, with the support of law enforcement and the Missouri Association of Prosecuting Attorneys. "As a certified fraud examiner, I recognize the barriers to identifying fraud and am committed to ensuring Missouri's law enforcement community has the tools necessary to clean up government," Galloway said. "When public officials breach the public trust, prosecutors, law enforcement and my office must be able to effectively work together to protect citizens and remove bad actors from office." The Missouri Association of Prosecuting Attorneys also applauded passage of the bill. We urge Gov. Eric Greitens to sign this common-sense legislation. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago Florida anaylst for PNC Bank discusses jobs report 0:59 4 days ago Florida anaylst for PNC Bank discusses jobs report 0:37 6 days ago World of Avatar 0:23 6 days ago Pandora's Shaman of Song View More Video Business China shuts only undersea coal mine amid production rebound The Latest: Dayton stands by veto threat over labor bill China stocks fall after rating cut, other Asian markets gain NY Senate heroin task force to hear from experts, ex-users Minnesota lawmakers work overtime to finalize $46B budget Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
About News Articles Equipment Directory Books Journals More... Videos Software Contact Newsletters Search Advertise Videos Software Market Reports Contact Newsletters Advertise Search Facebook Twitter Google Plus Become a Member Search Menu Posted in | Military Robotics | Remote Operated Vehicle (ROV) New Strategic Business Report on Global Defense Robotics Download PDF Copy Request Quote Published on May 23, 2017 at 5:59 AM Written by AZoRoboticsMay 23 2017 The report provides separate comprehensive analytics for the US, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle East, and Rest of World. Annual estimates and forecasts are provided for the period 2015 through 2022. Also, a six-year historic analysis is provided for these markets. Market data and analytics are derived from primary and secondary research. Related Stories New Research Report Analyzes Industrial Robotics Market New Research Report on Global Food Robotics Market Fire Fighting Drones This report analyzes the worldwide markets for Defense Robotics in US$ Million by the following Robotics Platform Types: Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV) Unmanned Marine Vehicles (UMV) Unmanned Ground Vehicles (UGV) The report profiles 43 companies including many key and niche players such as AeroVironment, Inc. (USA) BAE Systems plc (UK) Boeing Company (USA) Boston Dynamics (USA) Clearpath Robotics Inc. (Canada) Elbit Systems Ltd. (Israel) Endeavor Robotics (USA) General Atomics (USA) General Dynamics Corporation (USA) Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) (Israel) Lockheed Martin Corporation (USA) Northrop Grumman Corporation (USA) Oceaneering International, Inc. (USA) QinetiQ Group plc (UK) Saab AB (Sweden) Textron Inc. (USA) Thales Group (France) Source: http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/2tdnw6/defense_robotics Download PDF Copy Request Quote Comments Tell Us What You Think Do you have a review, update or anything you would like to add to this news story? Cancel reply to comment Leave your feedback Login     (Logout) Public Comment Private Feedback to AZoRobotics.com Submit Latest interviews Featured equipment Trending stories Automated Robots for the Land Mining Industry Matthew Rendall Matthew Rendall, CEO at Clearpath Robotics talks to AZoRobotics about automated robots for the land mining industry. Elderly Care Robot Antonio Espingardeiro Antonio Espingardeiro, PhD student at the University of Salford talks to AZoRobotics about the P37 S65 Elderly Care Robot. Robot-Assisted Laparoscopic Myomectomy Dr. Antonio R. Gargiulo Dr. Antonio R. Gargiulo, Medical Director of the Center for Robotic Surgery of Brigham and Women’s Health Care in Boston, Massachusetts talks to Kal Kaur at AZoRobotics about Robot-Assisted Laparoscopic Myomectomy. 6-Axis Nano-Robotics Precision Positioning Stage, PIMars P-562 from PI PI’s 6-Axis nanopositioning stage offers motion in six degrees of freedom with extreme precision. It is utilised for nano-manufacturing and test and inspection of semiconductor processes. From PI (Physik Instrumente) LP TITAN 4 Manipulator Systems from Schilling Robotics, LLC. Hundreds of TITAN 4 manipulator systems are in use worldwide every day. TITAN manipulators are the highest quality system on the market for the dexterity and strength needed to withstand the industry's harsh and repetitive needs day after day. From Schilling Robotics, LLC. Full Body Inspection System(FBIS) from OLYMPUS CORPORATION Using the advantages of the phased array technology, Olympus has designed a powerful inspection system for seamless pipe inspections well-adapted to the stringent requirements of the oil and gas markets. This phased array system is flexible and can be used to match inspection performances and the product requirements of customers. 1 Global Service Robotics Market Projected to Reach $20 Billion by 2022 2 Global Neurosurgical Robotics Market Expected to Grow at 18.8% CAGR During 2016-2025 3 Artificial Intelligence can Boost Performance of Human Groups 4 Aurora Flight Sciences Demonstrates Automated Flight Capabilities in Boeing 737 Simulator 5 Nuance Announces New Suite of AI-Powered Biometric Security Solutions 6 Lowe's, Virginia Tech Partner to Develop Wearable Robotic Suit with Lift-Assist Technology Thought Leaders Application of LEGO-based Robotics in Higher Education: An Interview with Dr. Chris Rogers 3 Apr 2014 New Curriculum for Simulation-based Robotic Surgery: An Interview with Khurshid Guru and Thenkurussi Kesavadas 3 Jun 2013 Elderly Care Robot: An Interview with Antonio Espingardeiro, PhD student at the University of Salford 11 Mar 2013 Newsletters you may be interested in 3D Printing (Preview) Aerospace (Preview) Automotive (Preview) See all Newsletters » Other Sites from AZoNetwork AZoM AZoNano AZoCleantech AZoOptics AZoBuild AZoMining AZoSensors AZoQuantum News Medical Useful Links About News Articles Equipment Directory Books Journals Videos Software Market Reports Courses Events Manufacturers Distributors Consultants Newsletters Become a Member Search The Team Contact Help/FAQs Advertise Terms Sitemap back to top Facebook Twitter Google Plus AZoRobotics.com - An AZoNetwork Site Owned and operated by AZoNetwork, © 2000-2017 This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more. x
Search My Account Help Log In Search Close More Premium Services Breakthrough Tech Profits Canadian Edge Energy Strategist MLP Profits Options for Income Personal Finance Profit Catalyst Alert Systematic Wealth Utility Forecaster Velocity Trader Wealth Society InvestingDaily.com Homepage Free Reports Investing Topics Investing Experts Account Information My Account Manage all your subscriptions, update your address, email preferences and change your password. Help Center Get answers to common service questions, ask the analyst or contact our customer service department. My Stock Talk Profile Update your stock talk name and/or picture. Close Home Premium Services Breakthrough Tech Profits Canadian Edge Energy Strategist MLP Profits Options for Income Personal Finance Profit Catalyst Alert Systematic Wealth Utility Forecaster Velocity Trader Wealth Society Free E-Letters The Energy Letter Income without Borders Mind Over Markets Stocks to Watch Investing Topics Pacific Basin Economy Canadian Income Stocks Commodities Stocks Dividend Investing DRIP Investing Center Emerging Markets ETF Investing Growth Stocks Energy Stocks Alternative Energy Stocks Coal Stocks Natural Gas Stocks Oil Investing Uranium Stocks Utility Stocks Inflation Protection Investing in Bonds Master Limited Partnerships Mutual Funds Personal Finances Retirement Investing Stock Market Investing Stocks to Watch Value Investing Investing Experts Ari Charney Igor Greenwald Jim Pearce Jim Fink Linda McDonough Robert Rapier Free Reports FEATURED STRATEGY Pocket $67,548 EXTRA With This One Simple Investment Change Warren Buffett made $4.9 billion by making this one small change to his investment strategy. It’s the closest you’ll ever get to NEVER losing money while investing. I made $185 every day over 1,586 days doing this. Isn’t it time for a change that will lead to more money in your pocket? Get the full details here.     Worried About Market Turbulence? This Aviation Stock Won’t Lose Altitude By John Persinos on May 23, 2017 Just login with your email address to instantly generate a PDF of this content. Privacy Policy I piloted my first successful helicopter takeoff about 18 years ago, in a Bell Long Ranger while attending the Bell Helicopter Training Academy in Fort Worth, Texas. I must have had a smug, self-satisfied look on my face, because my pilot instructor pointedly said: “You can’t propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.” I’ve been reminded of those words lately, as the bull market persists in defying gravity. There’s another way to express my instructor’s warning: past performance is no guarantee of future results. Despite nosebleed valuations and mounting political risks, a dangerous mix of cockiness and complacency continues to drive equities higher. Don’t pat yourself on the back for escaping a crash; take proactive measures now before the broader market falls to earth. Portfolio hedges sometimes come in unlikely forms. Below, I pinpoint a stock that’s a defensive growth “trifecta.” The stock confers outsized growth potential, protection against a downturn, and even a hedge against inflation. Chances are, you’ve never head of the company. It’s in the aviation sector and it’s on course to continue its market-beating ways. In a minute, I’ll examine its prospects in greater detail. But first, for rational context about today’s risks, I turn to former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke. At a three-day hedge fund conference last week in Las Vegas, Bernanke asserted that “it always puzzled me” how financial markets have long shown a tendency to be “blasé” about political risks until the “last moment.” To be sure, our investment strategists have consistently made it clear that the Trump rally has been based more on exaggerated hopes than actual fundamentals. But the recent spike in the CBOE’s Volatility Index (known as the VIX, or “fear gauge”) indicates that Wall Street is finally losing faith in the embattled president’s ability to deliver on his promises. Jim Pearce, chief investment strategist of our flagship publication Personal Finance, warns: “If my expectation for a stock market correction later this year proves correct, you will be hearing a lot more about the VIX in the months to come. But by the time the VIX has spiked enough in value to indicate that fear of a correction is high, it may be too late to do much about it. My advice: pay attention to the VIX, but don’t let it determine when to take protective action.” One protective action is to consider high-quality stocks in the booming aerospace/defense sector. In my May 12 issue (The Top Guns of Defense: Weapons of Mass Wealth), I highlighted several military aviation stocks that are poised to not only outperform but also weather the tough times ahead. This issue, I spotlight a hybrid aviation stock with a global presence in both the commercial and military sectors. It’s a technology play, too. Come fly with me… If you’re a regular reader of this newsletter, you know that I love to fly helicopters. That’s a picture of me in the cockpit of a Sikorsky Schweitzer 330, about to take off. I understand a thing or two about aviation, so believe me when I tell you that the following stock is one of the best growth stories around: AAR (NYSE: AIR), a provider of maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) to operators and manufacturers of rotorcraft and fixed-wing airplanes. Aerospace is booming, but many of the industry’s well-known names offer limited upside. AAR, on the other hand, is set for the sort of market-thumping gains that its more famous peers would envy. AAR’s stock has been on a tear and the company’s earnings growth projections are exceptional. And yet, the company scarcely gets a mention on CNBC and the other television noise machines. Mechanics in dirty overalls are perhaps considered too boring a topic, but it’s these boring wrench turners on the ground who keep aircraft in the air. Headquartered in Wood Dale, Illinois, AAR boasts a vast global footprint and ranks as the biggest independent MRO provider in the U.S. by annual man-hours generated. With a market cap of $1.1 billion, AAR is the largest, publicly traded direct play on MRO growth. However, it’s still small enough to offer greater capital appreciation potential than the gigantic aerospace companies on its client roster. AAR is something of a rarity. Most major OEMs and airlines have created in-house MRO shops, but AAR is an independent MRO that combines the technological innovation and nimbleness of a small-cap company, with sufficient economies of scale to keep down its costs. Powerful tailwinds… AAR enjoys tailwinds from aerospace growth in the commercial, business and military sectors. The company operates in two segments, Aviation Services and Expeditionary Services. The Aviation Services segment offers aftermarket support, inventory management, and distribution services. The Expeditionary Services segment provides products and services supporting the movement of equipment and personnel by the U.S. Department of Defense, foreign governments, and non-governmental organizations. Demand for MRO is particularly strong these days, as air travel enjoys one of its greatest upswings since the end of World War II. The global economic recovery is prompting consumers to open their wallets for plane tickets and airlines are dipping into their coffers to make long-deferred repairs and upgrades. At the same time, a huge surge in global military spending should benefit AAR. The company’s major clients include Boeing (NYSE: BA), the world’s largest maker of commercial airliners and military planes, and domestic as well as international airlines (see the May 12 issue for more on Boeing). As stocks in highly cyclical sectors gyrate according to the latest economic data or political crisis, AAR is a “steady Eddy” performer. The equation is simple: without this company’s services, aircraft can’t fly. And while Trump is increasingly unlikely to deliver on health care and tax reform, he already has delivered the goods on a bigger defense budget. Defense spending remains massive and it’s on a long-term upward trajectory, which shields companies such as AAR from temporary economic downturns and market setbacks. Consistently high Pentagon spending also provides insurance against inflation, which after a long period of dormancy has been rattling its cage again. The average analyst expectation is that AAR’s year-over-year earnings growth will reach 30.3% in the current quarter, 20.7% next quarter, 29.2% in the current year, and 26.7% next year. My projections call for AAR to rack up five-year earnings growth of at least 18% on an annualized basis. AAR stock has soared about 44% over the past 12 months, compared to about 16% for the S&P 500. However, with a trailing 12-month price-to-earnings ratio (P/E) of 24, the stock’s valuation is roughly in line with its peers. What’s more, there’s still significant upside left to AAR, driven by its strong earnings potential. Got any questions or comments? I’d especially like to know how you’ve fared with this newsletter’s recommended trades. Share your stories: mailbag@investingdaily.com — John Persinos You might also enjoy…   The Setup on this Trade is Perfect A stunning new advancement is about to change the way the internet works forever. This technology – smaller than a grain of sand – is so transformative that it’s become the focus of an all-out battle between some of the world’s biggest tech juggernauts. Twitter paid $533 million to get access to its power. Google spent $3.1 billion to tap its potential. And Verizon plunked down an astounding $4.4 billion to own a stake of it, too. It’s no surprise why… This technology holds the key to a $3.5 trillion fortune. So every company doing business on the Internet is faced with a choice: Adopt this powerful new technology… or miss out on the riches. You can find all the details in this brief video. Just be sure to watch it now. Goldman Sachs and Pacific Crest Securities have both put this small company on their short lists of buyout candidates. So you’re running out of time to stake your claim. Get the details here. Stock Talk — Post a comment Comment Guidelines Our Stock Talk section is reserved for productive dialogue pertaining to the content and portfolio recommendations of this service. We reserve the right to remove any comments we feel do not benefit other readers. If you have a general investment comment not related to this article, please post to our Stock Talk page. If you have a personal question about your subscription or need technical help, please contact our customer service team. And if you have any success stories to share with our analysts, they’re always happy to hear them. Note that we may use your kind words in our promotional materials. Thank you. You must be logged in to post to Stock Talk OR create an account. Create a new Investing Daily account Use Social Connect   - OR - Email Address Display Name Appears on all of your comments Password Confirm Password   * Investing Daily will use any information you provide in a manner consistent with our Privacy Policy. Your email address is used for account verification and will remain private. 29 Stocks to Sell Now! If you own just one of these companies, your portfolio is at risk today. Inside you’ll get their names and ticker symbols, along with a free subscription to daily investing guidance from our award winning analyst team. Get The Report Now About the Analyst John Persinos Analyst Bio | Archives John Persinos is managing editor of Personal Finance and an editor/analyst at Investing Daily.   John has worked on several international magazines, specifically as a staff writer at Inc.; an associate editor at Venture; and managing editor at Campaigns & Elections. He has written extensively for investment-oriented publications and web sites, such as Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine, Street Authority, Investing Answers, and The Street.   John worked on Capitol Hill, as a press secretary to U.S. Rep. Byron Dorgan (D-ND). He has co-authored a book, Boston: In a Class by Itself. He also wrote a book on the media, The Confessions of an Ink-Stained Wretch, published in 2006.   John holds a B.A. in English, an M.A. in English Literature, and an M.S. in Journalism, all from Boston University. He also completed the Davenport Fellowship in Business and Economics Reporting at the University of Missouri (Columbia) School of Journalism. show more Market Overview Free E-letters We offer a variety of FREE analysis delivered weekly to your inbox. Select the E-letters you wish to receive and enter your email below. Mind Over Markets (info) Your guide to understanding and profiting from the major trends, industry news and worldwide events that are driving the market and impacting your investments. Income Without Borders (info) Want to know about the high-yield global income stock I found this week? Of course you do! Find the income you've been looking for. The Energy Letter (info) Energy profits from safe to speculative: start your wealth-building portfolio now. Sign Up for these FREE E-Letters Free Reports 7 High Yield Stocks that Pay Dividends High Yields and Low Taxes: The Best Master Limited Partnerships to Own Now Best Undervalued Stocks to Buy Now Top 3 High Yield REITs Top Growth Stocks to Own Now Home | Events | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions About Us | White List | Contact Us | Media Inquiries Investing Daily is not a registered investment advisor or broker/dealer. All information provided on the Investing Daily network of websites is provided as-is and does not represent personalized investment advice. These sites do not constitute a representation by the publisher or a solicitation for the purchase or sale of securities. All opinions provided are based on sources believed to be reliable and are written in good faith, but no warranty or representation, expressed or implied, is made as to their accuracy. There are risks associated with any investment and we strongly encourage readers to supplement the information in these articles, special reports, and newsletters with independent research and other professional advice before investing in any security. Copyright © 2017 Investing Daily, a division of Capitol Information Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Mobile-Friendly Site
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Dow Jones Industrial Average Makes It 3 in a Row, Longest Stretch in 3 Months Shutterstock photo It was another day of buying on Wall Street, with the  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) ,  S&P 500 Index ( SPX ) , and  Nasdaq Composite (COMP)  all closing higher for a third straight session. In fact, it was the Dow’s first three-day advance since late February. Stocks were again buoyed by rising oil prices , with crude futures closing at their highest point in a month ahead of this Thursday’s Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) meeting. Investors are also keeping tabs on President Donald Trump’s first foreign trip, as a weapons deal with Saudi Arabia had defense stocks rallying out of the gate. Continue reading for more on today’s market, including: Why analysts are bullish on these 2 Dow stocks .  The „very surprising”  drug trial results  that sank this healthcare stock.  2 tech stocks that could take off.  Plus, options traders shift gears on a defense stock; a „very attractive opportunity” in tech; and why it’s time to consider Netflix options.  The  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA – 20,894.83)  held steady throughout the day for a 90-point, or 0.4%, win. Of the Dow’s 30 components, 22 closed with gains, with Boeing stock the biggest blue-chip winner, up 1.6%. Pfizer shares had the worst day, falling 1%.  The  S&P 500 Index (SPX – 2,394.02)  ended up 12.3 points, or 0.5%, and the  Nasdaq Composite (COMP – 6,133.62)  rose 49.9 points, or 0.8%.  The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX – 10.93)  gave back 1.1 point, or 9.2%, to close back below its 20-day moving average.  5 Items on Our Radar Today: The digital currency Bitcoin continues to soar, breaking above the $2,200 level to hit record highs. According to CNBC , buying $100 worth of Bitcoin in May 2010 would have netted an investor $75 million. ( CNBC ) Former national security adviser Michael Flynn will reportedly not comply with a Senate subpoena, and will instead invoke the Fifth Amendment. However, the same reports suggest Flynn will cooperate if a deal can be struck to keep him from being convicted.  (MarketWatch) How options traders suddenly shifted gears on this defense stock.  The cloud stock analysts are calling a „very attractive opportunity.”  It looks like a great time to buy options on  Netflix stock . Data courtesy of  Trade-Alert Commodities Oil prices once again enjoyed a positive trading session, as confidence over a potential supply cut continues to build ahead of this week’s OPEC meeting. July-dated crude — the most popular contract — ended up 46 cents, or 0.9%, at $51.13 per barrel, which is oil’s best finished in over a month.  Gold prices also moved higher today, as the dollar weakened. Gold set for June delivery closed up $7.80, or 0.6%, at $1,261.40 per ounce.  The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Oral Antidiabetic Drugs Market by Region, Manufacturers, Product and End Users to 2022 Next PostNext Mobile Augmented Reality Market 2017 Outlook, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021 Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Dow Jones Industrial Average Makes It 3 in a Row, Longest Stretch in 3 Months Shutterstock photo It was another day of buying on Wall Street, with the  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) ,  S&P 500 Index ( SPX ) , and  Nasdaq Composite (COMP)  all closing higher for a third straight session. In fact, it was the Dow’s first three-day advance since late February. Stocks were again buoyed by rising oil prices , with crude futures closing at their highest point in a month ahead of this Thursday’s Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) meeting. Investors are also keeping tabs on President Donald Trump’s first foreign trip, as a weapons deal with Saudi Arabia had defense stocks rallying out of the gate. Continue reading for more on today’s market, including: Why analysts are bullish on these 2 Dow stocks .  The „very surprising”  drug trial results  that sank this healthcare stock.  2 tech stocks that could take off.  Plus, options traders shift gears on a defense stock; a „very attractive opportunity” in tech; and why it’s time to consider Netflix options.  The  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA – 20,894.83)  held steady throughout the day for a 90-point, or 0.4%, win. Of the Dow’s 30 components, 22 closed with gains, with Boeing stock the biggest blue-chip winner, up 1.6%. Pfizer shares had the worst day, falling 1%.  The  S&P 500 Index (SPX – 2,394.02)  ended up 12.3 points, or 0.5%, and the  Nasdaq Composite (COMP – 6,133.62)  rose 49.9 points, or 0.8%.  The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX – 10.93)  gave back 1.1 point, or 9.2%, to close back below its 20-day moving average.  5 Items on Our Radar Today: The digital currency Bitcoin continues to soar, breaking above the $2,200 level to hit record highs. According to CNBC , buying $100 worth of Bitcoin in May 2010 would have netted an investor $75 million. ( CNBC ) Former national security adviser Michael Flynn will reportedly not comply with a Senate subpoena, and will instead invoke the Fifth Amendment. However, the same reports suggest Flynn will cooperate if a deal can be struck to keep him from being convicted.  (MarketWatch) How options traders suddenly shifted gears on this defense stock.  The cloud stock analysts are calling a „very attractive opportunity.”  It looks like a great time to buy options on  Netflix stock . Data courtesy of  Trade-Alert Commodities Oil prices once again enjoyed a positive trading session, as confidence over a potential supply cut continues to build ahead of this week’s OPEC meeting. July-dated crude — the most popular contract — ended up 46 cents, or 0.9%, at $51.13 per barrel, which is oil’s best finished in over a month.  Gold prices also moved higher today, as the dollar weakened. Gold set for June delivery closed up $7.80, or 0.6%, at $1,261.40 per ounce.  The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Oral Antidiabetic Drugs Market by Region, Manufacturers, Product and End Users to 2022 Next PostNext Mobile Augmented Reality Market 2017 Outlook, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021 Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Dow Jones Industrial Average Makes It 3 in a Row, Longest Stretch in 3 Months Shutterstock photo It was another day of buying on Wall Street, with the  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) ,  S&P 500 Index ( SPX ) , and  Nasdaq Composite (COMP)  all closing higher for a third straight session. In fact, it was the Dow’s first three-day advance since late February. Stocks were again buoyed by rising oil prices , with crude futures closing at their highest point in a month ahead of this Thursday’s Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) meeting. Investors are also keeping tabs on President Donald Trump’s first foreign trip, as a weapons deal with Saudi Arabia had defense stocks rallying out of the gate. Continue reading for more on today’s market, including: Why analysts are bullish on these 2 Dow stocks .  The „very surprising”  drug trial results  that sank this healthcare stock.  2 tech stocks that could take off.  Plus, options traders shift gears on a defense stock; a „very attractive opportunity” in tech; and why it’s time to consider Netflix options.  The  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA – 20,894.83)  held steady throughout the day for a 90-point, or 0.4%, win. Of the Dow’s 30 components, 22 closed with gains, with Boeing stock the biggest blue-chip winner, up 1.6%. Pfizer shares had the worst day, falling 1%.  The  S&P 500 Index (SPX – 2,394.02)  ended up 12.3 points, or 0.5%, and the  Nasdaq Composite (COMP – 6,133.62)  rose 49.9 points, or 0.8%.  The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX – 10.93)  gave back 1.1 point, or 9.2%, to close back below its 20-day moving average.  5 Items on Our Radar Today: The digital currency Bitcoin continues to soar, breaking above the $2,200 level to hit record highs. According to CNBC , buying $100 worth of Bitcoin in May 2010 would have netted an investor $75 million. ( CNBC ) Former national security adviser Michael Flynn will reportedly not comply with a Senate subpoena, and will instead invoke the Fifth Amendment. However, the same reports suggest Flynn will cooperate if a deal can be struck to keep him from being convicted.  (MarketWatch) How options traders suddenly shifted gears on this defense stock.  The cloud stock analysts are calling a „very attractive opportunity.”  It looks like a great time to buy options on  Netflix stock . Data courtesy of  Trade-Alert Commodities Oil prices once again enjoyed a positive trading session, as confidence over a potential supply cut continues to build ahead of this week’s OPEC meeting. July-dated crude — the most popular contract — ended up 46 cents, or 0.9%, at $51.13 per barrel, which is oil’s best finished in over a month.  Gold prices also moved higher today, as the dollar weakened. Gold set for June delivery closed up $7.80, or 0.6%, at $1,261.40 per ounce.  The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Oral Antidiabetic Drugs Market by Region, Manufacturers, Product and End Users to 2022 Next PostNext Mobile Augmented Reality Market 2017 Outlook, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021 Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Dow Jones Industrial Average Makes It 3 in a Row, Longest Stretch in 3 Months Shutterstock photo It was another day of buying on Wall Street, with the  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) ,  S&P 500 Index ( SPX ) , and  Nasdaq Composite (COMP)  all closing higher for a third straight session. In fact, it was the Dow’s first three-day advance since late February. Stocks were again buoyed by rising oil prices , with crude futures closing at their highest point in a month ahead of this Thursday’s Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) meeting. Investors are also keeping tabs on President Donald Trump’s first foreign trip, as a weapons deal with Saudi Arabia had defense stocks rallying out of the gate. Continue reading for more on today’s market, including: Why analysts are bullish on these 2 Dow stocks .  The „very surprising”  drug trial results  that sank this healthcare stock.  2 tech stocks that could take off.  Plus, options traders shift gears on a defense stock; a „very attractive opportunity” in tech; and why it’s time to consider Netflix options.  The  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA – 20,894.83)  held steady throughout the day for a 90-point, or 0.4%, win. Of the Dow’s 30 components, 22 closed with gains, with Boeing stock the biggest blue-chip winner, up 1.6%. Pfizer shares had the worst day, falling 1%.  The  S&P 500 Index (SPX – 2,394.02)  ended up 12.3 points, or 0.5%, and the  Nasdaq Composite (COMP – 6,133.62)  rose 49.9 points, or 0.8%.  The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX – 10.93)  gave back 1.1 point, or 9.2%, to close back below its 20-day moving average.  5 Items on Our Radar Today: The digital currency Bitcoin continues to soar, breaking above the $2,200 level to hit record highs. According to CNBC , buying $100 worth of Bitcoin in May 2010 would have netted an investor $75 million. ( CNBC ) Former national security adviser Michael Flynn will reportedly not comply with a Senate subpoena, and will instead invoke the Fifth Amendment. However, the same reports suggest Flynn will cooperate if a deal can be struck to keep him from being convicted.  (MarketWatch) How options traders suddenly shifted gears on this defense stock.  The cloud stock analysts are calling a „very attractive opportunity.”  It looks like a great time to buy options on  Netflix stock . Data courtesy of  Trade-Alert Commodities Oil prices once again enjoyed a positive trading session, as confidence over a potential supply cut continues to build ahead of this week’s OPEC meeting. July-dated crude — the most popular contract — ended up 46 cents, or 0.9%, at $51.13 per barrel, which is oil’s best finished in over a month.  Gold prices also moved higher today, as the dollar weakened. Gold set for June delivery closed up $7.80, or 0.6%, at $1,261.40 per ounce.  The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Oral Antidiabetic Drugs Market by Region, Manufacturers, Product and End Users to 2022 Next PostNext Mobile Augmented Reality Market 2017 Outlook, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021 Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Dow Jones Industrial Average Makes It 3 in a Row, Longest Stretch in 3 Months Shutterstock photo It was another day of buying on Wall Street, with the  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) ,  S&P 500 Index ( SPX ) , and  Nasdaq Composite (COMP)  all closing higher for a third straight session. In fact, it was the Dow’s first three-day advance since late February. Stocks were again buoyed by rising oil prices , with crude futures closing at their highest point in a month ahead of this Thursday’s Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) meeting. Investors are also keeping tabs on President Donald Trump’s first foreign trip, as a weapons deal with Saudi Arabia had defense stocks rallying out of the gate. Continue reading for more on today’s market, including: Why analysts are bullish on these 2 Dow stocks .  The „very surprising”  drug trial results  that sank this healthcare stock.  2 tech stocks that could take off.  Plus, options traders shift gears on a defense stock; a „very attractive opportunity” in tech; and why it’s time to consider Netflix options.  The  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA – 20,894.83)  held steady throughout the day for a 90-point, or 0.4%, win. Of the Dow’s 30 components, 22 closed with gains, with Boeing stock the biggest blue-chip winner, up 1.6%. Pfizer shares had the worst day, falling 1%.  The  S&P 500 Index (SPX – 2,394.02)  ended up 12.3 points, or 0.5%, and the  Nasdaq Composite (COMP – 6,133.62)  rose 49.9 points, or 0.8%.  The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX – 10.93)  gave back 1.1 point, or 9.2%, to close back below its 20-day moving average.  5 Items on Our Radar Today: The digital currency Bitcoin continues to soar, breaking above the $2,200 level to hit record highs. According to CNBC , buying $100 worth of Bitcoin in May 2010 would have netted an investor $75 million. ( CNBC ) Former national security adviser Michael Flynn will reportedly not comply with a Senate subpoena, and will instead invoke the Fifth Amendment. However, the same reports suggest Flynn will cooperate if a deal can be struck to keep him from being convicted.  (MarketWatch) How options traders suddenly shifted gears on this defense stock.  The cloud stock analysts are calling a „very attractive opportunity.”  It looks like a great time to buy options on  Netflix stock . Data courtesy of  Trade-Alert Commodities Oil prices once again enjoyed a positive trading session, as confidence over a potential supply cut continues to build ahead of this week’s OPEC meeting. July-dated crude — the most popular contract — ended up 46 cents, or 0.9%, at $51.13 per barrel, which is oil’s best finished in over a month.  Gold prices also moved higher today, as the dollar weakened. Gold set for June delivery closed up $7.80, or 0.6%, at $1,261.40 per ounce.  The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Oral Antidiabetic Drugs Market by Region, Manufacturers, Product and End Users to 2022 Next PostNext Mobile Augmented Reality Market 2017 Outlook, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021 Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Dow Jones Industrial Average Makes It 3 in a Row, Longest Stretch in 3 Months Shutterstock photo It was another day of buying on Wall Street, with the  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) ,  S&P 500 Index ( SPX ) , and  Nasdaq Composite (COMP)  all closing higher for a third straight session. In fact, it was the Dow’s first three-day advance since late February. Stocks were again buoyed by rising oil prices , with crude futures closing at their highest point in a month ahead of this Thursday’s Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) meeting. Investors are also keeping tabs on President Donald Trump’s first foreign trip, as a weapons deal with Saudi Arabia had defense stocks rallying out of the gate. Continue reading for more on today’s market, including: Why analysts are bullish on these 2 Dow stocks .  The „very surprising”  drug trial results  that sank this healthcare stock.  2 tech stocks that could take off.  Plus, options traders shift gears on a defense stock; a „very attractive opportunity” in tech; and why it’s time to consider Netflix options.  The  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA – 20,894.83)  held steady throughout the day for a 90-point, or 0.4%, win. Of the Dow’s 30 components, 22 closed with gains, with Boeing stock the biggest blue-chip winner, up 1.6%. Pfizer shares had the worst day, falling 1%.  The  S&P 500 Index (SPX – 2,394.02)  ended up 12.3 points, or 0.5%, and the  Nasdaq Composite (COMP – 6,133.62)  rose 49.9 points, or 0.8%.  The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX – 10.93)  gave back 1.1 point, or 9.2%, to close back below its 20-day moving average.  5 Items on Our Radar Today: The digital currency Bitcoin continues to soar, breaking above the $2,200 level to hit record highs. According to CNBC , buying $100 worth of Bitcoin in May 2010 would have netted an investor $75 million. ( CNBC ) Former national security adviser Michael Flynn will reportedly not comply with a Senate subpoena, and will instead invoke the Fifth Amendment. However, the same reports suggest Flynn will cooperate if a deal can be struck to keep him from being convicted.  (MarketWatch) How options traders suddenly shifted gears on this defense stock.  The cloud stock analysts are calling a „very attractive opportunity.”  It looks like a great time to buy options on  Netflix stock . Data courtesy of  Trade-Alert Commodities Oil prices once again enjoyed a positive trading session, as confidence over a potential supply cut continues to build ahead of this week’s OPEC meeting. July-dated crude — the most popular contract — ended up 46 cents, or 0.9%, at $51.13 per barrel, which is oil’s best finished in over a month.  Gold prices also moved higher today, as the dollar weakened. Gold set for June delivery closed up $7.80, or 0.6%, at $1,261.40 per ounce.  The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Oral Antidiabetic Drugs Market by Region, Manufacturers, Product and End Users to 2022 Next PostNext Mobile Augmented Reality Market 2017 Outlook, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021 Search Recent Posts World Bank and Ulaanbaatar City Partner to Improve Municipal Capital Investment Planning and Public Transport Financing Дэлхийн Банк, Нийслэлийн захиргаа хотын төсвийн хөрөнгө оруулалтын төлөвлөлт, нийтийн тээврийн санхүүжилтийг сайжруулахад хамтран ажиллана Global Machine Translation Market share to reach $1.5bn by 2024 United States Bike Helmets Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Europe Waste Heat Recovery in Oil and Gas Market: Basic Influencing Factors Driving the Market Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Aircraft Refurbishing Market Primary Research, Risk Analysis, Product Research, Trends and Forecast by 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Aircraft Refurbishing market is accounted for $3.7 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $5.8 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 6.5% from 2015 to 2022. Increasing requirement for huge business, VIP aircraft and advancements in technologies are the key factors fueling the demand for aircraft refurbishing market growth. Increasing demand for revamp and maintenance will boost the growth of global aircraft refurbishing market. The factors such as growing freighter conversions, increasing redesign of greener aircrafts and new airplanes (A-380 and B-787) are some of the major drivers boosting the market growth. However, rising prices of raw materials and declining demand for older/refurbished parts or aircrafts are the major restraints for this market. Increasing demand of VIP refurbished jets will remain as a biggest opportunity for the aircraft refurbishing market over the forecast period. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/aircraft-refurbishing-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Narrow body aircraft segment has accounted for the largest market share of more than 45% owing to increasing passenger traffic, which has resulted in the extended seat capacity within an aircraft. North America dominated the global market and accounted for largest share of more than 40%. The following factors such as development of networks within Central America and Caribbean regions, growing incidence of passenger traffic and simultaneous growth in low cost carriers are the factors favoring the market growth in this region. Some of the key players in this market include EADS Sogerma, Sell GmbH, Recaro Aircraft, Seating GmbH & Co. KG, FACC AG, Crane Aerospace & Electronics, Nordam Interiors & Structures Division, Rockwell Collins Inc., PPG Aerospace, Thales S.A., Zodiac Aerospace, Jamco America, Inc., Boeing Company – CDG, Diehl Aero Systems Holding GmbH, Satcom1, TIMCO Aviation Service Inc., STG Aerospace Ltd., Panasonic Avionics Corporation,, Honeywell International, United Technology Corporation (UTC) and B/E Aerospace. Application Covered Very Large Aircraft Wide Body Aircraft Commercial Aviation Aircrafts Windows & Windshields Narrow Body Aircraft VIP Aircrafts Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184695 Type covered VIP Cabin Refurbishing Passenger—To—Freighter(P-2-F) Commercial Cabin Refurbishing(C-C-R) Fittings Covered Passenger Seats Retrofit IFEC System Regions Covered North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments Market share analysis of the top industry players Strategic recommendations for the new entrants Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tagsaerospace & defense, aircraft, Automotive, Global Aircraft Refurbishing Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Thermostatic Control Valve Sales industry Consumption Analysis, Guidelines Overview and Upcoming Trends Forecast till 2021 Next PostNext Hydrochloric Acid Industry Analysis, Prediction to 2022 by Region, Type and Technology Search Recent Posts URGENT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm ONE WEEK DEADLINE: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm EQUITY ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Signet Jewelers Limited and Encourages Investors with Losses Over $100,000 to Contact the Firm EQUITY ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Wins Finance Holdings Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Future Farm Board Votes to Uplist to OTCQX International Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Flight Simulator Market to Reach $8.03 Billion by 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Flight Simulator market is expected to grow from $5.89 billion in 2015 to $8.03 billion by 2022 with a CAGR of 4.5%. Adoption of virtual training to ensure aviation safety, raising demand for new military and commercial pilots and the need for cost-cutting of pilot training are the factors influencing the global flight simulator market growth. Furthermore, environmental issues and high fuel costs are driving aviation industry to adopt simulation training. On the other hand, high complexity of flight simulator systems is restraining the market. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/flight-simulator-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 By application, the military segment commands the flight simulator market with prominent share and is projected to continue its supremacy over the next seven years, while the commercial segment is anticipated to grow at a higher CAGR during the forecast period. The market for military simulators is mainly driven by their use in mission training and armed forces training. North America commands the global market, whereas the market in the Asia-Pacific is estimated to grow at the highest CAGR. The aviation industry in the Asia-Pacific region is projected to witness strong growth over the forecast period. The favorable growth is attributed to the rising demand for new aircraft deliveries and growing air traffic in this region. Some of the key players in global flight simulator market include Airbus Group N.V., ATC Flight Simulator, CAE Inc., Command Sims. Pvt. Ltd., Flightsafety International Inc., FRASCA International Inc., Indra Sistemas, S.A., L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc., Lockheed Martin, Mechtronix, Moog Inc., Rockwell Collins, Inc., Simteq B.V, Softeks, Thales Group, The Boeing Company, The Raytheon Company, and TRU Simulation + Training. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184900 Type of Flights Covered: Fixed Wing Simulator Rotary Wing Simulator Unmanned Aircraft Simulator Commercial Flight Components Covered: Flight Training Devices Full Flight Simulator Fixed Based Simulator Other Commercial Flight Components Military Flight Components Covered: Flight Training Devices Full Flight Mission Simulator Full Flight Simulator Other Military Flight Components Applications Covered: Military Commercial Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsAerospace, aircraft, Global Flight Simulator Market, Software, Systems Software, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Women’s Health Cluster Drug Development Pipeline Review 2017 – Key Companies are Bayer, Evotec, AlphaMab, Zydus Cadila Healthcare & Ferring – Research and Markets Next PostNext Agricultural Herbicide Sales Market : Overview, Opportunities, In-Depth Analysis and Forecasts 2021 Search Recent Posts Delevan Man Arrested On Child Pornography Charges In-depth Research Report on Online Retail Market from 2016 to 2021 Radio interview with Sabra Lane, ABC AM Global Toilet Care Products Market 2017-2022 Growth, Trends, Forecast and Analysis Report Global Timber Decking Market 2017-2022 Growth, Trends, Forecast and Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India May 23, 2017-Tuesday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion ipl 2017 sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Studymate Englishmate Ford replaces CEO Mark Fields with Jim Hackett to take on Silicon Valley, rival carmakers Ford replaced CEO Mark Fields with Jim Hackett as it struggles to keep its traditional auto-manufacturing business running smoothly while remaking itself as a nimble, high-tech provider of new mobility services. autos Updated: May 23, 2017 13:40 IST Reuters Reuters Bill Ford Jr., right, executive chairman of Ford Motor Company, introduces Jim Hackett as CEO, in Dearborn, Michigan on Monday. Ford is replacing CEO Mark Fields as it struggles to keep its traditional auto-manufacturing business running smoothly while remaking itself as a nimble, high-tech provider of new mobility services.(AP ) Ford Motor Co abruptly replaced chief executive Mark Fields with James Hackett on Monday, responding to investors’ growing unease about the US automaker’s slumping stock price and its ability to counter threats from long-time rivals and Silicon Valley. Hackett, 62, a turnaround expert who for the past year has led the Ford unit developing self-driving cars and related projects, replaces Mark Fields, 56, who spent less than three years as CEO. Ford chairman Bill Ford Jr said he wanted Hackett to speed up decision-making and cut costs, but did not offer specifics on how the new CEO should change operations at the US No. 2 automaker. “The clock speed at which our competitors are working …requires us to make decisions at a faster pace,” Ford said. Ford, once the most financially secure of the ‘Big Three’ Detroit automakers, and the only one not to take US government money in the US auto industry bailout a decade ago, reported record profit in 2015, but now finds itself under pressure on all sides as overall US auto sales fall. Rival General Motors Co is aggressively targeting Ford’s share of the lucrative North American truck and sport utility business, the source of 90% of Ford’s profit. Meanwhile, investors see Ford as a laggard in the shift toward electric vehicles, self-driving technology and ride-sharing. Ford’s $44 billion market value is less than electric car pioneer Tesla Inc’s $51 billion. Bill Ford and other descendants of company founder Henry Ford effectively control the automaker through a special class of shares, but many investors share his concern that the company is running out of time. Ford shares were up 2% at $11.09 in afternoon trading. At Friday’s close, they had fallen 37% since Fields took over three years ago at the peak of the US auto industry’s recovery from the crisis last decade. No smoking gun Overall US auto sales are slipping after a long boom. But GM has moved faster than Ford to slash unprofitable operations, and Tesla has been quicker to deploy new technology. Bill Ford indicated the company would take more aggressive action to cut costs. “We have to modernise the business” and move “decisively to address underperforming areas,” he said. Hackett, who overhauled furniture maker Steelcase Inc and then turned around the ailing University of Michigan football program, becomes the latest in a line of non-family CEOs brought in with a mandate to change the management culture at one of the auto industry’s oldest institutions. That task has frustrated many of his predecessors, including Bill Ford, who had been CEO before replacing himself in 2006 with Boeing Co executive Alan Mulally. The decision to replace Fields did not result from a single event, Bill Ford told Reuters. This file photo taken on January 11, 2016 shows Ford CEO Mark Fields during the Ford press conference at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit, Michigan. (AFP) “There is no smoking gun here,” he said. “It’s more the way we are organised, the way Jim is going to streamline the organisation.” As CEO of Steelcase, based in Grand Rapids, Michigan, Hackett slashed thousands of jobs and then refocused the company on innovation. A former Ford director and interim athletic director at the University of Michigan, Hackett was tapped in March 2016 to run Ford Smart Mobility, a unit established to oversee and coordinate forays into autonomous driving, ride sharing and other ventures. In that role, he helped oversee Ford’s acquisition of San Francisco ride-sharing company Chariot and its $1 billion investment in Argo AI, a self-driving startup focused on robotics and artificial intelligence. Pressure in Detroit The upheaval at Ford underlines pressure on all three major Detroit automakers to prove they can avoid losses as the US market begins to slow from last year’s record sales. GM CEO Mary Barra is fending off attacks from hedge fund Greenlight Capital, which wants to install new directors and split the company’s stock. In March, GM sold its money-losing Opel division to France’s PSA Group, effectively exiting Europe in a move Barra promised would free cash for share buybacks. The shake-up at Ford may bring scrutiny to its own plans in the region. The company posted a record $1.2 billion profit in Europe last year but warned that the impact of Britain’s vote to leave the European Union would put a dent in 2017 earnings. Under a broader shake-up announced on Monday, former Ford of Europe chief Jim Farley will become president of a new “Global Markets” group that will include Ford’s regional sales and marketing operations around the world as well as its Lincoln luxury brand. This file photo taken on January 11, 2016 shows Ford executive chairman Bill Ford Jr (L) talking with Ford CEO Mark Fields (R) during the Ford press conference at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit, Michigan. (AFP) The company is also putting government relations and corporate communications under Ford Jr., and Hackett said the great-grandson of Henry Ford would have a higher public profile. The automaker has tangled with US President Donald Trump, who spent more than a year criticising it on the campaign trail for expanding operations in Mexico. But Trump praised Ford in January for scrapping a planned Mexican car factory and announcing plans to add 700 jobs in Michigan. Fields, who made several trips to the White House this year, said Ford would have made the decision regardless of who was president. Fields, who earned $22.1 million in 2016 and had a 28-year-career at Ford, also faced a clamour for share repurchases at the company’s annual meeting earlier this month. He did not respond to repeated messages seeking comment. Ford said last week it would cut 1,400 staff positions in North America and Asia, a small fraction of the 20,000 job reductions some news outlets had reported were imminent. The company reported a record $10.4 billion in pretax earnings in 2016, but investors were concerned by a weak first quarter and lower profit forecast for 2017, as well as higher costs for investments in “emerging opportunities.” more from autos US, Canada, Mexican carmakers agree upon not changing Nafta’s rule of origin May 23, 2017 13:37 IST Henry Ford to Mark Fields: A history of nine men who led Ford Motor Co | See pics May 23, 2017 11:43 IST Not a Drop to Waste- A Water Day Infographic Partnered Feature Recommended for you Read more Ford to cut salaried work force in North America, Asia by 10%: Reuters Dip in Tesla bookings ahead of Model 3 production opens new pot of worries for Musk Read more General Motors says will be first to profit from electric cars Detroit sees rare ground-breaking in decades as automotive supplier sets up shop India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Pune Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper interactives Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini Studymate Englishmate HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs AIADMK govt in Tamil Nadu is missing in action, says Stalin May 23, 2017 13:36 IST Pakistan asks ICJ for early hearing in Kulbhushan Jadhav case: Report May 23, 2017 13:34 IST UP fuel scam: Two arrested in Maharashtra, chips and remote devices recovered May 23, 2017 13:02 IST Rajinikanth fans protest in Chennai against groups opposing his political debut May 23, 2017 13:09 IST World Medical Association highlights attacks on Indian doctors: Report May 23, 2017 12:47 IST IAS officer Anurag Tiwari’s family says his honesty proved to be his nemesis May 23, 2017 12:37 IST Presidential poll: Congress keen on Sharad Pawar if NDA does not renominate Pranab... May 23, 2017 13:20 IST Margaret Chan steps down, voting for new WHO Director-General today May 23, 2017 13:07 IST Two men publicly caned in Indonesia for having gay sex May 23, 2017 12:20 IST Manchester terror attack: Footballers, clubs come out in support of victims May 23, 2017 10:36 IST ‘Broken, I am so so sorry’, tweets Ariana Grande after Manchester attack May 23, 2017 09:39 IST ‘Everyone was screaming and running’: Witnesses describe scene after Manchester... May 23, 2017 10:17 IST After 9 months in space, freeze-dried mouse sperm yield healthy mice May 23, 2017 09:15 IST Islamic State supporters celebrate Manchester attack online, no official claim May 23, 2017 09:06 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi pune UP fuel scam: Two arrested in Maharashtra, chips and remote devices recovered May 23, 2017 13:02 IST Have no links with Mumbai college shut for cheating, says NCP leader Ajit Pawar May 23, 2017 13:18 IST IAS officer Anurag Tiwari’s family says his honesty proved to be his nemesis May 23, 2017 12:37 IST ‘Stop attacking Kejriwal without evidence’: Yogendra Yadav’s open letter to Kapil... May 23, 2017 13:37 IST Kerala youngster says Bombay, man hears bomb, gets Mumbai railway police to catch... May 23, 2017 12:21 IST Shock that changed the life of this 13-year-old, for the worse May 23, 2017 12:03 IST Summer treat: Delhi temperature at par with Dharamshala, you’ve got till Sunday... May 23, 2017 12:36 IST MCD bypoll results: BJP loses to AAP, Cong on 2 seats days after election sweep May 23, 2017 12:09 IST BMC earns ₹936 crore in two months from octroi days before scrapping it, getting... May 23, 2017 11:21 IST analysis columns editorials authors Job creation in high-growth India should be a top priority May 23, 2017 12:58 IST Chandigarh’s Sukhna and Nainital’s Naini lakes are going dry. Here’s why May 23, 2017 13:10 IST GST in, Maharashtra can rid civic bodies of corruption May 23, 2017 11:21 IST We are so inured to anti-Muslim bias that we have forgotten Hashimpura May 22, 2017 17:55 IST Rajnath Singh’s search for a ‘permanent solution’ to Kashmir must begin with di... May 22, 2017 17:36 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa French Open 2017: Yuki Bhambri, Ramkumar Ramanathan crash out in qualifiers May 23, 2017 13:11 IST Oliver Anderson, former Australian Open junior champion, fined for match-fixing May 23, 2017 12:39 IST Kumar Sangakkara set to retire from first-class cricket May 23, 2017 12:38 IST ICC Champions Trophy: Top 5 all-rounders to watch out for in eighth edition May 23, 2017 12:14 IST ICC Champions Trophy 2017: Top 5 bowlers to watch out for May 23, 2017 12:30 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid No sibling rivalry with Kangana Ranaut, clarifies her sister Rangoli on Twitter May 23, 2017 13:28 IST Priyanka Chopra, Sonam Kapoor, SRK and other Bollywood celebs mourn Manchester blast... May 23, 2017 13:28 IST Scarlett Johansson has a new man in her life. Spotted making out with SNL’s Colin... May 23, 2017 12:54 IST Would love to do biopic on PT Usha: Pooja Batra May 23, 2017 12:49 IST Video: Watch Aishwarya Rai Bachchan kiss and cuddle daughter Aaradhya in Cannes May 23, 2017 12:12 IST sex & relationships fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Attention parents: Never let your teenage daughters take diet pills. Here’s why May 23, 2017 13:07 IST What is good and bad fat? Here’s everything you need to know to make smart choi... May 23, 2017 11:47 IST Healthy digestion to weight loss: 5 reasons why using ghee is the better option May 23, 2017 10:21 IST Cannes 2017: Sonam Kapoor dons a golden look for the red carpet. See pics May 23, 2017 07:38 IST Soon, a wearable device to monitor and manage asthma May 22, 2017 21:00 IST US, Canada, Mexican carmakers agree upon not changing Nafta’s rule of origin May 23, 2017 13:37 IST India could invest in Aramco IPO to strengthen ties May 23, 2017 13:17 IST GST: Watching movies, theatre, cable TV to be cheaper May 23, 2017 13:04 IST RBI outlines broad plans on $150 billion bank bad loan resolution May 23, 2017 11:51 IST GST: Puja items to be exempt, Homeopathic medicines, surgical instruments to be... May 23, 2017 11:58 IST Paytm starts payments bank; offers 4% interest, cashbacks on deposits May 23, 2017 11:19 IST Nifty below 9,400-level, Sensex down 182 pts on profit booking May 23, 2017 11:35 IST Facebook leaked documents show its policy to moderate hate speech, pornography May 22, 2017 08:27 IST With new mini-apps, WeChat seeks even more China clicks May 19, 2017 14:46 IST Was Twitter down? Users complain trouble in tweeting, retweeting May 19, 2017 11:34 IST US regulator FCC to take initial vote to roll back Obama-era internet rules May 18, 2017 14:45 IST Android Go is Google’s push towards the next 2 billion smartphones May 19, 2017 14:46 IST Google’s vision for Android O: faster, more refined experience May 19, 2017 14:46 IST Google Assistant to feature on Apple’s iPhones May 18, 2017 09:49 IST Meghalaya Class 10 merit list leak blamed on technical glitch, casts shadow over results May 23, 2017 13:10 IST GUJCET 2017 results declared by Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education... May 23, 2017 12:23 IST Meghalaya Class 12 (arts) and Class 10 results 2017 declared, check yours here May 23, 2017 12:14 IST Meghalaya SSLC or Class 10 board exam merit list leaked a day ahead of results May 23, 2017 11:03 IST PSEB declares Class 10 board exam results 2017: Check them here May 23, 2017 09:48 IST Climbing Everest in the 2017 season is fraught with risks May 23, 2017 09:15 IST Mumbai’s Tejas Express takes off in full speed May 23, 2017 01:58 IST Rain brings relief from heat in north India May 22, 2017 23:44 IST Remembering Rajiv Gandhi on his 26th death anniversary May 21, 2017 13:20 IST Deep within the Western Ghats, snapshots from a world without us May 19, 2017 22:57 IST Caught on cam: Toll booth vandalisedby Bajrang Dal activists May 22, 2017 16:37 IST ‘No Helmet No Petrol’ drive begins in Lucknow May 22, 2017 15:29 IST Miscreants on motorcycle shoot SP worker dead in Ballia May 22, 2017 14:21 IST Badrinath landslide: Char-dham yatra safe, assures disaster management authority May 20, 2017 16:11 IST Irked by unfulfilled promises, family of fallen soldier sits on hunger strike May 20, 2017 14:00 IST interactives longreads health real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Combat Legends Arriving in A City Near You for the “Flying Legends of Victory Tour” Flying Legends of Victory Tour Mesa, Arizona (PRWEB) May 23, 2017 Two of the most iconic airplanes from World War II, B-17 Bomber “Sentimental Journey” and B-25 Mitchell “Maid in the Shade,” will depart on separate routes throughout the U.S. and Canada this summer for the Flying Legends of Victory Tour. The tour, made possible by the volunteers of the non-profit 501(c)3 Arizona Commemorative Air Force Museum, will visit nearly 50 cities from June to October. At each tour stop, the public will have the opportunity to climb aboard the airplane to soak in the breathtaking stories of courage and service by Americans during some of the most important periods in U.S. history. The Museum’s mission is to educate others about the incredible machines and heroes in combat aviation history. Tours cost $10 per person and $20 for a family of four (NOTE: In Canada, it will be $14 per person and $28 for a family of four). Seats on the B-17 are $425 USD per waist compartment seat and $850 USD for bombardier/navigator seats in the nose and are limited to 8 passengers per flight. Seats on the B-25 are $325 USD per waist gunner compartment seat or $650 USD for flight deck jump seat and are limited to seven passengers per flight. Ride reservations are required. For a complete Flying Legends of Victory tour schedule, pricing information, and to book your seat, visit http://www.FlyingLegendsofVictory.com. About the Arizona Commemorative Air Force Museum (AZCAF) – Mesa, Arizona: AZCAF was founded in 1977 and is the 10th chapter of the Commemorative Air Force. It’s comprised of 500 member volunteers and seven flyable warbirds that offer Living History rides. The fully-restored and rare B-17 and B-25 Bombers and C-47/DC-3 Combat Legend conduct the Flying Legends of Victory Summer tour and visit approximately 50 cities throughout the United States and Canada. The AZCAF has 55,000 square feet of historical airplanes, relics, and educational exhibits, in addition to a working mechanics hangar. A Trip-Advisor Winner of Excellence, it’s one of the top-rated adventure attractions in Phoenix and regularly conducts tours for schools, businesses, and youth groups. http://www.azcaf.org About the B-17 Bomber: Built in 1944, the B-17 “Sentimental Journey” is only one of 10 B-17s in the world that is still flying out of almost 13,000 produced from 1936 to 1945. 8,000 of them were lost in combat. The aircraft, developed by Boeing, was used in every theater of war from 1941 to 1945. The “Sentimental Journey” was originally manufactured and delivered to the U.S. Army Air Forces for war service in 1944 where she flew missions in the Pacific Theater. After the war she flew for training, testing and at-sea rescue missions and was eventually sold for surplus and used as a fire bomber. In 1978, the aircraft was purchased by a Commemorative Air Force (CAF) member and donated to the newly formed Arizona unit of the world-famous CAF. She was meticulously restored, maintained in tip-top condition, and is operated by all-volunteer crews from the membership of the Arizona Commemorative Air Force Museum. About the B-25 Bomber: Built in 1944, the B-25 “Maid in the Shade” was developed by North American Aviation and used mainly as a low altitude strafe and skip bomber. Nearly 10,000 B-25s were produced and the B-25 Mitchell “Maid in the Shade” is one of 34 still flying today. The aircraft was used in America’s first large-scale bombing offensive in the Philippines and sunk eight ships and shot down five planes. The B-25 is most remembered for the Doolittle Raid on Japan where Jimmy Doolittle led 16 B-25s across Japan bombing targets. This aircraft has flown 15 combat missions from November 1 through December 31, 1944 including 13 over Italy and two over Yugoslavia. About the Commemorative Air Force; Dallas, TX Headquarters The Commemorative Air Force (CAF) honors the men and women who built, maintained, and flew in airplanes during wartime. The organization believes that is best accomplished by maintaining these warbirds in flying condition and taking them to people to experience the sights and sounds of these treasured beauties in flight. Collecting, restoring, and flying vintage historical aircraft for more than half a century, the Commemorative Air Force ranks as one of the largest private air forces in the world. The CAF is dedicated to Honoring American Military Aviation through flight, exhibition, and remembrance. A non-profit educational organization, the CAF has more than 13,000 members and a fleet of 165 airplanes distributed throughout the country to 76 CAF units for care and operation. There are also four international affiliates in France, Switzerland, New Zealand, and Australia. For more information, visit http://www.commemorativeairforce.org. ### Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Research of Regenerative Medicine Market: Top Vendors, Latest Trends, Drivers, Growth Opportunities Forecast 2021 Next PostNext Middle East Veterinary Healthcare Market – The Market Is Expected To Reach A Value Of $1523.86 Million By 2021 Search Recent Posts Higher dairy, wood, and wine exports lift trade surplus NZ dollar drifts from month-high as Trump unveils budget ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ASML Completes Acquisition of HMI Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Wednesday | May 24, 2017 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest May 24, 11:17 am IHC allows Dr. Uzma to go back to India May 24, 11:07 am Three of Lahore’s most prominent hospitals in disarray May 24, 10:50 am IHC tells FIA to stop harassing journalist May 24, 10:29 am Bahrain security forces raid home of Shi'ite spiritual leader May 24, 10:09 am Post IAF Chief's 'threat', all PAF forward airbases declared operational May 24, 09:33 am Two men publicly caned in Indonesia for having gay sex May 24, 09:25 am Female Muslim comic standing up to extremism May 24, 08:46 am Trump set to exchange views with Pope Francis at Vatican   PIA will soon operate ATR flights from Lahore, Islamabad to Gwadar: Ahsan Iqbal May 23, 2017, 12:39 pm SHARE : INP Tweet Federal Minister for Planning and Development Ahsan Iqbal has said that PIA has been directed to operate ATR aircraft flights from Lahore and Islamabad to Gwadar. In an interview, Ahsan Iqbal said that at present ATR aircraft is being used for air service between Karachi and Gwadar and with increasing traffic there is need to start air service from Lahore and Islamabad for the port city. He said new international airport is under construction at Gwadar which would be completed in about two years time after that big aircraft including Boeing and Airbus would land in Gwadar. He agreed with a suggestion that a major road be named after former Prime Minister Feroz Khan Noon who negotiated the handing over of Gwadar to Pakistan by Oman on 8 December 1958. Tweet More by INP RELATED NEWS December 09, 2016, 5:12 pm PIA pilot refuses to operate ATR plane July 24, 2012 PIA to operate special flights on Eid November 12, 2008 PIA likely to operate extra Haj flights March 27, 2010 PIA unlikely to operate direct flights to US, Canada MORE IN NATIONAL May 24, 2017, 11:17 am IHC allows Dr. Uzma to go back to India May 24, 2017, 10:50 am IHC tells FIA to stop harassing journalist May 24, 2017, 10:09 am Post IAF Chief's 'threat', all PAF forward airbases declared operational May 24, 2017 Army rubbishes Indian claim of attacking Pak posts Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented US military aid to Pakistan may convert into loans Post IAF Chief's 'threat', all PAF forward airbases ... Every Pakistani has right to criticise any institution over ... ISPR dismisses Indian reports of 'assault' on Pakistani ... ISPR dismisses Indian reports of 'assault' on Pakistani ... No restriction on social media but unbridled freedom ... 'Pakistan Kabaddi players not welcome in India,' says ... Post IAF Chief's 'threat', all PAF forward airbases ... LATEST COMMENTS Manju Someone got spooked. Rustum Lakkadwala Indian weapons are mostly from Russia & France & Israel. Just can believe these Yankees they may ditch you in the need of hour . Ghazi Gul Pakistan does not need a Zionist Jew's advice in its polices. You are pushy and unpleasant. Do not interfere in out internal matters. You are no one but a declared enemy of Pakistan. You need to move ... ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS Manju Someone got spooked. Rustum Lakkadwala Indian weapons are mostly from Russia & France & Israel. Just can believe these Yankees they may ditch you in the need of hour . Ghazi Gul Pakistan does not need a Zionist Jew's advice in its polices. You are pushy and unpleasant. Do not interfere in out internal matters. You are no one but a declared enemy of Pakistan. You need to move ... OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2017, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News Special Offer for Philly.com Readers Next: up in Business: Pa. American seeks PUC approval to replace lead pipes News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Latest Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip Things to Do TV Movies Arts Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Health Biz Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business Investing Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business NOONLINE Updated: May 23, 2017 — 3:01 AM EDT Facebook icon 0Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Popular Stories Breakup of 'Mike & Mike' has reportedly turned 'poisonous' May 23 - 9:58 AM Eagles not thrilled Carson Wentz saw QB gurus May 23 - 9:29 PM President Trump by Don Lee, LOS ANGELES TIMES When President Trump bemoans the U.S. trade deficit, he's almost always speaking about goods - steel, beef, lumber, car parts, and other products that flow in and out of the country. But the far bigger long-term growth potential and competitive opportunity for turning around America's trade woes lies with exported services, from financial consulting and insurance to engineering and digital music. Unlike trade in goods, in which the United States ran a deficit of $750 billion last year, the country posted a $250 billion surplus in services the same year. With a handful of exceptions, the U.S. enjoys a surplus in service exports with nearly every other country it trades with. In the case of a few nations, exports of services turned American trade deficits into surpluses. For example, Trump recently complained about Canada's $15 billion advantage in trade of goods with the U.S., but when services are counted, it is the U.S. that has an overall $8 billion surplus. "The real action in the future is trade of services; it's large and growing rapidly," said Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics. He and others see the lack of attention given to U.S. service exports as a lost opportunity. Exports account for just 4 percent of the sales of U.S. services that are tradable, compared with about 20 percent of American manufactured goods, said J. Bradford Jensen, a professor at Georgetown University's McDonough School of Business and a leading expert on services trade. And while one out of four U.S. manufacturers export, only 5 percent of businesses that provide exportable services do so. It's not unusual for the public, or presidents, to link trade with manufactured goods that are loaded into containers and shipped in ocean waters. Trump has gone further by making trade and manufacturing jobs his top economic priority, though - something that many economists criticize as a misguided fixation. That focus on manufactured goods has led Trump to lash out at trading partners like Mexico, threatening to slap tariffs on imported products and tear up trade pacts such as the North American Free Trade Agreement. But experts say such moves could backfire by sparking a trade war that would inevitably spread to service exports. "If we pick a fight with the rest of the world [on goods], that's going to short-circuit the trade in services," Zandi said. Worldwide, growth of trade in services has been outstripping that of goods over the last quarter century. Not all services are tradable; hotels, restaurants, and home health-care providers can't export their labor-intensive services. But some of the fastest-growing and most lucrative services can, such as professional and technical work. U.S. exports of services to China, for example, have tripled since the Great Recession in 2009, to more than $53 billion last year. They include sales of Microsoft software, Hollywood movies, maintenance work on Boeing aircraft in China, as well as an array of services related to the Asian country's infrastructure development and environmental improvements. The U.S. currently has a trade surplus with almost every country. India stands out as the biggest exception, thanks to that country's exports of IT services, including revenues from U.S. companies contracting with call centers in India. More Coverage Service exports are key to U.S. trade future May 22 - 4:05 PM Published: May 23, 2017 — 3:01 AM EDT Thanks for your continued support... We recently asked you to support our journalism. The response, in a word, is heartening. You have encouraged us in our mission — to provide quality news and watchdog journalism. Some of you have even followed through with subscriptions, which is especially gratifying. Our role as an independent, fact-based news organization has never been clearer. And our promise to you is that we will always strive to provide indispensable journalism to our community. Subscriptions are available for home delivery of the print edition and for a digital replica viewable on your mobile device or computer. Subscriptions start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in business Law Saul Ewing law firm in merger talks Business W. Conshohocken firm manages Manchester Arena Business Airlines at PHL agree to $900 million in improvements Port of Philadelphia renamed PhilaPort Vanguard's John Bogle: 'I didn't intend to create a colossus' School sites sell after legal tussle, with Feibush to develop Smith Elementary building CVS to displace state liquor store, dry cleaner at Society Hill site Hotel mulled for historic Girard Building at East Market development site PREIT seeks to sell two more malls to boost quality of portfolio Pa. American wants to raise water rates slightly to replace lead pipes Service exports are key to U.S. trade future Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Golf Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines Stocks bounce back as technology and defense companies climb The Associated Press | Monday, May 22, 2017, 5:09 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. NEW YORK — Strong gains for technology companies like software and chip makers helped lead stocks higher Monday. Defense contractors also climbed as the market continued to bounce back from a bout of turbulence last week. Stocks rose for the third day in a row. Technology companies are closing in on all-time highs and continued to rise Monday, led by big names like Cisco Systems and Qualcomm. Aerospace and defense companies rose after President Trump presided over a huge sale of military equipment to Saudi Arabia. Amazon led consumer-focused companies higher. Energy companies lagged even though oil prices continued their recent climb. Sameer Samana, a strategist for Wells Fargo Investment Institute, said people continue to spend more money on personal electronics while businesses invest in automation and software to boost their productivity. “In a low-growth environment, you've got to squeeze more out of every dollar of investment,” Samana said. At the same time, he added, some overseas markets have been stronger than expected this year. The Standard & Poor's 500 index jumped 12.29 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,394.02. The Dow Jones industrial average added 89.99 points, or 0.4 percent, to 20,894.83. The Nasdaq composite gained 49.91 points, or 0.8 percent, to 6,133.62. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks picked up 9.81 points, or 0.7 percent, to 1,377.14. The technology component of the S&P 500 index has soared 18 percent this year, almost three times as much as the broader S&P 500. On Monday chipmaker Qualcomm gained $1.61, or 2.8 percent, to $59.28 and Cisco Systems, which sells equipment like routers, switches and software, rose 38 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $31.59. Adobe Systems picked up $2.42, or 1.8 percent, to $138.85 and design software maker Autodesk jumped $3.45, or 3.1 percent, to $113.36. Both the S&P 500 and tech-heavy Nasdaq composite set records early last week before worries about growing political uncertainty in Washington, which could hamper President Trump's agenda of tax cuts and deregulation, knocked those indexes back from their highs. The Russell 2000 of smaller companies, which would benefit more than large ones from Trump's proposals, is down 3 percent from the record it set a month ago. Samana said he thinks stocks will become more volatile in the coming months, but not because of politics. Instead, he thinks stocks will break out of their unusual calm because the Federal Reserve and European Central Bank will pull back on the stabilizing measures they've used since the global financial crisis. “If they both start to lay the groundwork for pulling back on the extraordinary stimulus, that's probably the catalyst for a little bit more volatility,” he said. Aerospace and defense companies climbed after President Trump presided over a $110 billion sale of military equipment to Saudi Arabia. The agreement could expand to $350 billion over 10 years. Lockheed Martin climbed $4.24, or 1.6 percent, to $277.03 and Boeing gained $2.91, or 1.6 percent, to $183.67. Amgen and its partner UCB said women who took their experimental osteoporosis drug Evenity were more likely to have serious cardiovascular problems than patients who took Fosamax, an older drug. The companies said that was a new safety concern and they no longer expect the Food and Drug Administration to approve Evenity this year. Amgen lost $3.49, or 2.2 percent, to $153.02. Ford replaced CEO Mark Fields as it struggles to keep the traditional parts of its business running smoothly while it tries to remake itself as a nimble, high-tech automaker. In Fields' three years as CEO, popular cars like the Fusion sedan became dated and Ford lagged competitors in bringing long-range electric cars to market. Ford's new CEO is Jim Hackett, who has led Ford's mobility unit for more than a year. Ford added 23 cents, or 2.1 percent, to $11.10. The stock is down 8.5 percent this year. U.S-based Huntsman and Swiss specialty chemicals maker Clariant are merging to create a company with a market value of $13.8 billion. The company will call itself HuntsmanClariant and Clariant shareholders will own 52 percent of the new company. Huntsman stock slid 56 cents, or 2.1 percent, to $26.15 and Clariant stock rose 3.4 percent in Switzerland. Oil prices continued to rally. Benchmark U.S. crude oil added 40 cents to $50.73 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 26 cents to $53.87 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline gained 1 cent to $1.66 a gallon. Heating oil rose 2 cents to $1.60 a gallon. Natural gas climbed 7 cents, or 2.3 percent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold rose $7.80 to $1,261.40 an ounce. Silver jumped 40 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $17.19 an ounce. Copper rose 1 cent to $2.60 a pound. Bond prices moved a bit lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note inched up to 2.25 percent from 2.24 percent. The dollar declined to 111.20 yen from 111.38 yen. The euro rose to $1.1234 from $1.1207. In Britain, the FTSE 100 gained 0.3 percent. The German DAX dipped 0.2 percent and France's CAC lost a fraction of a percentage point. Japan's market rose following strong trade data. The benchmark Nikkei 225 gained 0.5 percent while the South Korean Kospi jumped 0.7 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng surged 0.9 percent. More Business Stocks claw back more lost ground with 4th straight gain Feds say Fiat Chrysler used software to cheat emissions tests Target reaches $18.5 million settlement with states over data breach Obama-era rule on financial advisers to go forward, for now Shareholders go to court seeking to oust Akzo chairman TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Greensburg woman accused of raping foster child 14 charged in Westmoreland County drug sweep Gorman: Penguins miss on chance to clinch  Featured Photography Simulated Jet Crash A curated collection of photojournalism from around the region, nation and world. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Opinion » The Corporate Outsider Last Modified: Wed, May 24 2017. 05 10 AM IST General Motors India exit shows limits of multinationalism For all its promise, India hasn’t been a runaway success for multinationals—be it General Motors or Vodafone Subscribe to our newsletter. Sundeep Khanna GM’s retreat, and that of many other multinational companies, suggests that the mantra of global expansion that has driven companies to seek markets and sourcing bases across the world is in some doubt. Photo: Bloomberg Enough has been written about how General Motors Co. (GM), the world’s third largest car maker, made a hash of its India business till it was finally forced to pull the plug. Not enough though has been said about how little it matters. The fact is GM never made a difference to India and in turn, India contributed little to the auto maker’s fortunes. Twenty years after its re-entry into India, the Detroit-based company, which was once the apogee of multinational ambitions, has precious little to show for its exertions barring the small matter of a billion dollars in losses. Nor is India the only country off GM’s radar. In quick succession over the last few years, it has now pulled out of Russia, South Africa and Europe preferring to save its ammunition for the US market, where it is under threat from manufacturers like Toyota Motor Corp. and Volkswagen AG. ALSO READ: General Motors India exit leaves dealers, customers in a quandary GM’s retreat, and that of many other multinational companies, suggests that the mantra of global expansion that has driven companies to seek markets and sourcing bases across the world is in some doubt. For the last two decades, as India eased its entry barriers, it had become almost an article of faith for large global corporations to include the country in their plans. Betting on India became almost a mandatory pre-requisite for a business plan. A number of those bets have turned sour. In 2007, the UK-based Vodafone Group acquired a majority stake in Indian telecom services provider Hutchison Essar for roughly $10.9 billion. Over the next 10 years, in the world’s fastest growing market for telecom services, despite robust growth in terms of subscriber numbers as well as revenue, Vodafone’s shareholders found little joy in its Indian venture. Even before the Reliance Jio sledgehammer hit all the incumbents, Vodafone had piled up huge losses and this March, it announced a merger with Idea Cellular in a clear sign of waning interest in the India business. In the banking space, the last 6-7 years have seen a number of foreign banks like Royal Bank of Scotland, Barclays Plc, Morgan Stanley, Deutsche Bank and ING exiting all or part of their businesses in India. Indeed, for a business which saw the entry of foreigners nearly 100 years ago, multinational banks have steadily lost market share in the country with their share of advances dropping to 4.41% in 2015. Lurching from crisis to crisis in their home markets following the financial crash of 2008, the world’s biggest banks are now focusing on sacrificing geographical spread in the quest to maintain profitability. We saw a similar exodus 15 years ago when power sector companies like Enron, AES, Cogentrix and CMS Energy pulled out within a few years of rushing into India. With this, the oft perpetrated myth that a long-term commitment to India is bound to pay off eventually stands dispelled. For all its promise, India hasn’t been a runaway success for multinationals. Estimates by Bain & Co. indicate that while in Brazil, MNC sales as a percentage of top 100 company sales grew from around 25% to 40% within the decade of the 1990s, in India, the figure was around 8% in 2014. Not one of the top 10 companies in Fortune’s ranking of US corporations by revenues— Walmart, Exxon Mobil, Apple, Berkshire Hathaway, McKesson, UnitedHealth Group, CVS Health, General Motors, Ford Motor and AT&T—has a significant share of its business coming out of India. In the past, many MNCs were pushed into global expansion by high taxation rates as well as labour costs in the US. Adding to that were the incentives newly liberalizing countries were willing to hand out. Not any more as US firms are increasingly being incentivized to stay at home. According to Good Jobs First, a Washington D.C.-based non-profit that tracks federal, state and local economic development subsidies, a few years ago, Washington state awarded Boeing Co. the largest corporate tax break any state had given any corporation—a massive $8.7 billion handout aimed at encouraging Boeing “to maintain and grow its workforce within the state”. That’s the kind of red carpet India isn’t willing to lay out for MNCs. It isn’t just India. An equal number of multinationals have found China a bridge too far. McDonald’s spent 26 years in the country before selling off 80% of its operations this January to a consortium led by China’s CITIC and the private equity firm Carlyle. Mattel shut down its ambitious 36,000 square feet store in Shanghai within two years of opening it. In the spirit of Donald Trump’s America for Americans, older US MNCs are in retreat while a new generation of them, companies like Google and Facebook are now laying their markers. So far though, even this latter set has little to show by way of returns on their investments. Could it be that the cult of multinationalism, the favourite prescription of every consulting firm over the last 30 years, isn’t quite what it has been cracked up to be? After all, what’s the point of Coca Cola when the very US triumphalism that it represented is itself under threat! Sundeep Khanna is a consulting editor at Mint and oversees the newsroom’s corporate coverage. The Corporate Outsider will look at current issues and trends in the corporate sector every week. Click here to read more from The Corporate Outsider. Sundeep Khanna Topics: General Motors India exit GM India exit Vodafone MNCs More From Livemint READ MORE Pakistan court allows Indian woman to return home: Report Gold prices steady as market awaits Fed policy cues USFDA accepts application for psoriasis drug: Sun Pharma First Published: Tue, May 23 2017. 12 24 PM IST Editor's Picks What Amazon’s rise portends for TCS, Infosys and Wipro 1.5 million students’ data leaked online, put up for sale for up to Rs60,000 Adding heft to inflation targeting Latest News Pakistan court allows Indian woman to return home: Report Gold prices steady as market awaits Fed policy cues USFDA accepts application for psoriasis drug: Sun Pharma RCom shares fall nearly 20% in nine sessions on negative rating of overseas bond I-T raids on Uttar Pradesh bureaucrats Mint On Sunday The amazing adventures of Dadasaheb Phalke - Part 2 Ever wondered if you could implant a memory? The secret of happiness lies in what you do, not what you buy How to conquer Delhi and other tales Letter from a dram Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 23 May 2017 | MYT 1:30 PM Ford names Hackett as CEO to tackle car rivals, Silicon Valley Hackett (left) and Ford answering questions from the media after announcing Hackett's appointment as president and CEO, succeeding Fields, in Dearborn, Michigan. — Reuters WASHINGTON/DEARBORN, Michigan: Ford Motor Co abruptly named James Hackett as chief executive on May 22, responding to investors' growing unease about the US automaker's slumping stock price and its ability to counter threats from longtime rivals and Silicon Valley.  Ford chairman Bill Ford Jr, whose family effectively controls the US No. 2 automaker, said he wanted Hackett to speed up decision-making and cut costs, but did not offer specifics on how the new CEO should change operations.  "The clock speed at which our competitors are working …requires us to make decisions at a faster pace," said Ford Jr, who plans to take a more active role at the company, according to a person briefed on the matter.  Ford, which announced plans to cut 1,400 white-collar positions last week, is expected to look at further significant cost cuts in the next three to six months, according to company officials, speaking on condition of anonymity as the plans have not been finalized.  Hackett, 62, known as a turnaround expert who for the past year has led the Ford unit developing self-driving cars and related projects, replaces Mark Fields, 56, who spent less than three years as CEO.  Fields' abrupt dismissal caught nearly all at Ford by surprise, but concerns about the company's direction have been brewing for some time.  Ford, once the most financially secure of the 'Big Three' Detroit automakers, and the only one not to take US government money in the US auto industry bailout a decade ago, reported record profit in 2015, but now finds itself under pressure on all sides as overall US auto sales fall.  Rival General Motors Co is aggressively targeting Ford's share of the lucrative North American truck and sport utility business, the source of 90% of Ford's profit.  Meanwhile, investors see Ford as a laggard in the shift toward electric vehicles, self-driving technology and ride-sharing. Ford's US$44bil (RM189.34bil) market value is below electric car pioneer Tesla Inc's US$51bil (RM219.46bil).  Bill Ford and other descendants of company founder Henry Ford effectively control the automaker through a special class of shares, but many investors share his concern that the company is running out of time.  Ford shares closed up 2.1% at US$11.10 (RM47.77). At Friday's close, they had fallen 37% since Fields took over three years ago at the peak of the US auto industry's recovery from the crisis last decade.  The automaker has tangled with US President Donald Trump, who spent more than a year criticising the company on the campaign trail for expanding operations in Mexico and exporting US jobs. A Ford spokeswoman said Trump was not a factor in Fields' departure.  No smoking gun  Overall US auto sales are slipping after a long boom. But GM has moved faster than Ford to slash unprofitable operations, and Tesla has been quicker to deploy new technology.  Bill Ford indicated the company would take more aggressive action to cut costs. "We have to modernise the business" and move "decisively to address underperforming areas," he said.  Hackett, who overhauled furniture maker Steelcase Inc and then turned around the ailing University of Michigan football programme, becomes the latest in a line of non-family CEOs brought in with a mandate to change the management culture at one of the auto industry's oldest institutions.  That task has frustrated many of his predecessors, including Bill Ford, who had been CEO before replacing himself in 2006 with Boeing Co executive Alan Mulally.  The decision to replace Fields did not result from a single event, Bill Ford told Reuters.  "There is no smoking gun here," he said. "It's more the way we are organised, the way Jim is going to streamline the organisation."  As CEO of Steelcase, based in Grand Rapids, Michigan, Hackett slashed thousands of jobs and refocused the company on innovation.  A former Ford director and interim athletic director at the University of Michigan, Hackett was tapped in March 2016 to run Ford Smart Mobility, a unit established to oversee and coordinate forays into autonomous driving, ride sharing and other ventures.  In that role, he helped oversee Ford's acquisition of San Francisco ride-sharing company Chariot and its US$1bil (RM4.29bil) investment in Argo AI, a self-driving startup focused on robotics and artificial intelligence.  Pressure in Detroit  The upheaval at Ford underlines pressure on all three major Detroit automakers to prove they can avoid losses as the US market begins to slow from last year's record sales.  GM CEO Mary Barra is fending off attacks from hedge fund Greenlight Capital, which wants to install new directors and split the company's stock. In March, GM sold its money-losing Opel division to France's PSA Group, effectively exiting Europe in a move Barra promised would free cash for share buybacks.  The shake-up at Ford may bring scrutiny to its own plans in the region. The company posted a record US$1.2bil (RM5.15bil) profit in Europe last year but warned that the impact of Britain's vote to leave the European Union would put a dent in 2017 earnings.  Under a broader shake-up announced on May 22, former Ford of Europe chief Jim Farley will become president of a new "Global Markets" group that will include Ford's regional sales and marketing operations around the world as well as its Lincoln luxury brand.  The company is also putting government relations and corporate communications under Ford Jr, and Hackett said the great-grandson of Henry Ford would have a higher public profile.  Fields, who earned US$22.1mil (RM95.10mil) in 2016 and had a 28-year-career at Ford, also faced a clamour for share repurchases at the company's annual meeting earlier this month.  Fields declined to comment when reached on Monday.  Ford said last week it would cut 1,400 staff positions in North America and Asia, a small fraction of the 20,000 job reductions some news outlets had reported were imminent.  The company reported a record US$10.4bil (RM44.75bil) in pretax earnings in 2016, but investors were concerned by a weak first quarter and lower profit forecast for 2017, as well as higher costs for investments in "emerging opportunities." — Reuters Related Stories You May Be Interested Toyota, tech firms explore Blockchain for driverless cars Partner up! Self-driving car firms form tangled web of alliances Huawei narrows gap with Samsung, Apple in smartphone sales: Gartner Mother and MIAD graduate designs drone to track her autistic child How being thrown into the deep end by Mark Zuckerberg prepared Aditya Agarwal to lead AI wins as Google algorithm beats No 1 Go player Others Also Read Nora finds strength in Nedim Women and empowerment Koke pens five-year extension at Atletico advertisement Latest News Apple and Nokia see deeper partnership after ending patent dispute Google adds YouTube to suite of ad tools tracking retail sales Brazil appeals court rules Uber driver not entitled to benefits Hope for WannaCry victims: decryption tools released online Microsoft unveils new Surface Pro device to reverse sales drop Most Viewed in Tech Hope for WannaCry victims: decryption tools released online Microsoft unveils new Surface Pro device to reverse sales drop Sweden’s tourism office lists the entire country on Airbnb Apple and Nokia see deeper partnership after ending patent dispute Brazil appeals court rules Uber driver not entitled to benefits Huawei narrows gap with Samsung, Apple in smartphone sales: Gartner Hong Kong police arrest 21 Uber drivers in sting How being thrown into the deep end by Mark Zuckerberg prepared Aditya Agarwal to lead Uber inadvertently underpaid NY City drivers for over two years Google adds YouTube to suite of ad tools tracking retail sales Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Auto Ford names Hackett as CEO to tackle car rivals, Silicon Valley Ford names Hackett as CEO to tackle car rivals, Silicon Valley Source : By : David Shepardson and Joseph White Last Updated: Tue, May 23, 2017 10:50 hrs Washington: Ford Motor Co abruptly named James Hackett as chief executive on Monday, responding to investors' growing unease about the U.S. automaker's slumping stock price and its ability to counter threats from longtime rivals and Silicon Valley. Hackett, 62, a turnaround expert who for the past year has led the Ford unit developing self-driving cars and related projects, replaces Mark Fields, 56, who spent less than three years as CEO. Ford Chairman Bill Ford Jr. said he wanted Hackett to speed up decision-making and cut costs, but did not offer specifics on how the new CEO should change operations at the U.S. No. 2 automaker. "The clock speed at which our competitors are working …requires us to make decisions at a faster pace," Ford said. Ford, once the most financially secure of the 'Big Three' Detroit automakers, and the only one not to take U.S. government money in the U.S. auto industry bailout a decade ago, reported record profit in 2015, but now finds itself under pressure on all sides as overall U.S. auto sales fall. Rival General Motors Co is aggressively targeting Ford's share of the lucrative North American truck and sport utility business, the source of 90 percent of Ford's profit. Meanwhile, investors see Ford as a laggard in the shift toward electric vehicles, self-driving technology and ride-sharing. Ford's $44 billion market value is less than electric car pioneer Tesla Inc's $51 billion. Bill Ford and other descendants of company founder Henry Ford effectively control the automaker through a special class of shares, but many investors share his concern that the company is running out of time. Ford shares were up 2 percent at $11.09 in afternoon trading. At Friday's close, they had fallen 37 percent since Fields took over three years ago at the peak of the U.S. auto industry's recovery from the crisis last decade. NO SMOKING GUN Overall U.S. auto sales are slipping after a long boom. But GM has moved faster than Ford to slash unprofitable operations, and Tesla has been quicker to deploy new technology. Bill Ford indicated the company would take more aggressive action to cut costs. "We have to modernize the business" and move "decisively to address underperforming areas," he said. Hackett, who overhauled furniture maker Steelcase Inc and then turned around the ailing University of Michigan football program, becomes the latest in a line of non-family CEOs brought in with a mandate to change the management culture at one of the auto industry's oldest institutions. That task has frustrated many of his predecessors, including Bill Ford, who had been CEO before replacing himself in 2006 with Boeing Co executive Alan Mulally. The decision to replace Fields did not result from a single event, Bill Ford told Reuters. "There is no smoking gun here," he said. "It's more the way we are organised, the way Jim is going to streamline the organization." As CEO of Steelcase, based in Grand Rapids, Michigan, Hackett slashed thousands of jobs and then refocused the company on innovation. A former Ford director and interim athletic director at the University of Michigan, Hackett was tapped in March 2016 to run Ford Smart Mobility, a unit established to oversee and coordinate forays into autonomous driving, ride sharing and other ventures. In that role, he helped oversee Ford's acquisition of San Francisco ride-sharing company Chariot and its $1 billion investment in Argo AI, a self-driving startup focussed on robotics and artificial intelligence. PRESSURE IN DETROIT The upheaval at Ford underlines pressure on all three major Detroit automakers to prove they can avoid losses as the U.S. market begins to slow from last year's record sales. GM CEO Mary Barra is fending off attacks from hedge fund Greenlight Capital, which wants to install new directors and split the company's stock. In March, GM sold its money-losing Opel division to France's PSA Group , effectively exiting Europe in a move Barra promised would free cash for share buybacks. The shake-up at Ford may bring scrutiny to its own plans in the region. The company posted a record $1.2 billion profit in Europe last year but warned that the impact of Britain's vote to leave the European Union would put a dent in 2017 earnings. Under a broader shake-up announced on Monday, former Ford of Europe chief Jim Farley will become president of a new "Global Markets" group that will include Ford's regional sales and marketing operations around the world as well as its Lincoln luxury brand. The company is also putting government relations and corporate communications under Ford Jr., and Hackett said the great-grandson of Henry Ford would have a higher public profile. The automaker has tangled with U.S. President Donald Trump, who spent more than a year criticizing it on the campaign trail for expanding operations in Mexico. But Trump praised Ford in January for scrapping a planned Mexican car factory and announcing plans to add 700 jobs in Michigan. Fields, who made several trips to the White House this year, said Ford would have made the decision regardless of who was president. Fields, who earned $22.1 million in 2016 and had a 28-year-career at Ford, also faced a clamor for share repurchases at the company's annual meeting earlier this month. He did not respond to repeated messages seeking comment. Ford said last week it would cut 1,400 staff positions in North America and Asia, a small fraction of the 20,000 job reductions some news outlets had reported were imminent. The company reported a record $10.4 billion in pretax earnings in 2016, but investors were concerned by a weak first quarter and lower profit forecast for 2017, as well as higher costs for investments in "emerging opportunities." SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 27650.00 (0.14%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28210.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28500.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28080.00 (-0.11%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27100.00 (-0.37%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27100.00 (-0.37%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 27560.00 (-0.18%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%) more talking point on sify finance Latest News Jharkhand violence, beginning of a Jungle Raj? How 'farrago' proved the nation's stupidity Who made North Korea a nuclear power: Dr A Q Khan or Pakistan? What Justice Karnan case reveals about the Judiciary Is there a viable alternative to the death penalty? The murder of Umar Fayaz: When a son dies too young A brief guide to official IAS dinners The cost of India-Pakistan enmity More About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Business CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Business Tax Season CBC SecureDrop Photo Galleries U.S. stocks higher Monday while TSX closed for May holiday weekend The Associated Press Posted: May 22, 2017 12:00 PM ET Last Updated: May 22, 2017 4:20 PM ET U.S. stocks gained ground on Monday while the TSX was closed for the Victoria Day holiday. (Richard Drew/Associated Press) Related Stories Oil price flirts with $49 on hopes supply glut may ease Loonie slides below 73 cents US U.S. stocks rose on Monday as the stock market bounced back from a turbulent previous week. Defence contractors made gains while technology and consumer-focused companies also rose. Ford is up after it replaced CEO Mark Fields, while chemicals maker Huntsman is rising after it agreed to combine with Swiss competitor Clariant. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 12 points to close at 2,394. The Dow Jones industrial average added 89 points, to close at 20,894. The Nasdaq composite gained 49 points to close at 6,133.  Oil gained 40 cents to close at $50.73 US a barrel for West Texas Intermediate.  The S&P 500 and Nasdaq both set records early last week before worries about growing political uncertainty in Washington, and its potential effects on President Trump's agenda of tax cuts and deregulation, knocked those indexes back from their highs. The S&P 500 is about 1 per cent below its highest close, but the Russell 2000 is down more than 3 per cent from the record it set one month ago. Aerospace & defence firms rally Aerospace and defence companies traded higher after President Trump presided over a $110 billion sale of military equipment to Saudi Arabia. The agreement could expand to $350 billion over 10 years. It appeared to reverse an Obama administration to pause sales of precision-guided munitions to the kingdom. Lockheed Martin climbed $5.35, or 2 per cent, to $278.14 and Boeing gained $2.59, or 1.4 per cent, to $183.35.  Ford replaced CEO Mark Fields as the automaker struggles to keep the traditional parts of its business running smoothly while it remakes itself as a nimble, high-tech provider of new mobility services. Fields was CEO for three years, but under his leadership popular cars like the Fusion sedan became dated and Ford lagged competitors in bringing long-range electric cars to market. New CEO is Jim Hackett, who has led Ford's mobility unit for more than a year. Ford added 15 cents, or 1.3 per cent, to $11.02. The stock is down 9 per cent this year. Swiss specialty chemicals maker Clariant and Huntsman Corp. are merging to create a company with a market value of $13.8 billion. The company will call itself HuntsmanClariant and Clariant shareholders will own 52 per cent of the new company. Huntsman stock was unchanged at $26.71 and Clariant stock rose 5.8 per cent in Switzerland. Bond prices were little changed. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note remained at 2.24 per cent. The Canadian dollar was largely flat, up 0.03 from Friday's close to just over 74 cents US. In Britain, the FTSE 100 gained 0.3 per cent. France's CAC rose was little changed and the German DAX dipped 0.1 per cent. Japan's market rose following strong trade data. The benchmark Nikkei 225 gained 0.5 per cent while the South Korean Kospi jumped 0.7 per cent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng surged 0.9 per cent. © The Associated Press, 2017 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Latest Business Headlines Some diesel Dodge Ram pickups and Jeep Grand Cherokees cheat emissions tests, U.S. says May 23, 2:58 PM ET read comments No desk of your own: The office plan of the future? May 23, 5:00 AM ET video 1st Trump budget chops social programs while boosting defence & infrastructure spending May 23, 4:53 PM ET A 10% hike to mortgage payments would sink almost 3 quarters of homeowners, Manulife says May 23, 9:26 PM ET read comments video Toronto stock index climbs on banks, industrials May 23, 5:10 PM ET Must Watch Video Financial footing 7:19 Manulife Bank CEO Rick Lunny on a survey that finds we could have major problems making mortgage payments in the event of unexpected expenses, a job loss or a rate hike Video The Ticker 11:13 Conor Bill, managing director at Mt. Auburn Capital, on some of the top stories of the day Video Free time 7:47 Jon Chevreau, founder of Financial Independence Hub, on managing your new spare time upon retirement Video Valuable asset 6:55 Michael Orrbrooke is CEO and founder of futureshare, a new alternative to reverse mortgages and home equity loans Watch The Exchange here Watch Recent shows and interviews Recent discussions about business news and newsmakers Markets TSX COMPOSITE   Rotate stock indices Pause stock rotation Show previous stock PLAY May 24, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 24, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 24, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 24, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 24, 2017 12:00 AM ET Index Last Trade Change TSX COMPOSITE 15476.94 18.48 DOW 20937.91 43.08 NASDAQ 6138.71 5.09 SP 500 2398.42 4.40 TSX-VENTURE 803.67 -3.23 The data on this site is informational only and may be delayed; it is not intended as trading or investment advice and you should not rely on it as such. Most Viewed A 10% hike to mortgage payments would sink almost 3 quarters of homeowners, Manulife says read comments video No desk of your own: The office plan of the future? video U.S. suing Fiat Chrysler for cheating on emissions tests read comments Is your condo board above board? Tips for evaluating condo governance read comments Trump's 1st budget pitches spending cuts for social programs Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Don't Miss No desk of your own: The office plan of the future? Is your condo board above board? Tips for evaluating condo governance Analysis The struggle to put Venezuela back on the path to economic health: Don Pittis Mystery shopping recruiter struggles to find workers because of scammers FIFTH ESTATE CRA records missing in KPMG tax dodge affair Breakfast sandwich sales boom as time-starved Canadians shun cereal at home Ottawa vows to stop forced bumping due to overbooked flights, but critics question if plan will work FIFTH ESTATE Tax adviser to revenue minister attended KPMG-sponsored Madrid conference, parties Analysis 'The worst scenario': What if Canada's real estate bubble bursts? Analysis Ransomware attack reveals bitcoin as an accessory to cybercrime: Don Pittis Go Public Credit union employees say high-pressure sales targets turn 'members' into 'marks' Analysis West Texas oil boom threatens recovery in Canadian oilpatch Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Politics Last Modified: Tue, May 23 2017. 09 00 AM IST Donald Trump seeks $3.6 trillion in spending cuts to reshape government Donald Trump’s proposal, to be released Tuesday, claims to balance the budget within a decade Subscribe to our newsletter. Justin SinkErik Wasson Donald Trump’s fiscal 2018 budget proposal has already been declared dead on arrival by many of his Republican allies in Congress. Photo: AP Washington: President Donald Trump would dramatically reduce the US government’s role in society with $3.6 trillion in spending cuts over the next 10 years in a budget plan that shrinks the safety net for the poor, recent college graduates and farmers. Trump’s proposal, to be released Tuesday, claims to balance the budget within a decade. But it relies on a tax plan for which the administration has provided precious little detail, the elimination of programs backed by many Republican lawmakers, and heavy use of accounting gimmicks. Trump’s fiscal 2018 budget proposal has already been declared dead on arrival by many of his Republican allies in Congress. The plan would slash Medicaid payments, increase monthly student loan payments and cut food stamps and agricultural subsidies, each backed by powerful constituencies. The administration is unbowed. “We’re no longer going to measure compassion by the number of programs or the number of people on those programs,” White House budget director Mick Mulvaney said. “We’re going to measure compassion and success by the number of people we help get off those programs and back in charge of their own lives.” Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell has already said he expects the Republican-led Congress to largely ignore the proposal, saying in an interview last week with Bloomberg News that early versions reflected priorities that “aren’t necessarily ours.” Campaign promises The president’s proposal would fulfill his campaign promise of leaving Social Security retirement benefits and Medicare untouched while increasing national security spending. He’s also proposing severe cuts to foreign aid and tighter eligibility for tax cuts that benefit the working poor. He also seeks cuts in food stamps and disability insurance. The plan calls for some new domestic spending, including $25 billion over 10 years for nationwide paid parental leave—a cause championed by First Daughter Ivanka Trump—and an expansion of the Pell Grant program for low-income students. The Department of Homeland Security’s budget would increase $3 billion versus the final full year of President Barack Obama’s term, while the Pentagon’s budget would see a $6 billion increase over that same time. The sheer ambition of the president’s plan, which would cut domestic agencies by 10% in 2018 and by 40% in 2027, make the budget even less likely to gain traction on Capitol Hill, where lawmakers regularly flout the annual blueprint offered by the executive branch. But lawmakers are also likely to view some of the administration’s accounting gimmicks with extreme scepticism. Economic growth The budget predicts a sweeping tax overhaul package that would strengthen economic growth while providing few details of how the tax code would change. The one thing the administration has said is people and businesses will pay less; the budget asserts the amount of revenue collected won’t drop. Neither of the White House’s assertions—that Trump’s tax plan would be both revenue neutral and fuel budget coffers by $2 trillion to $2.6 trillion through economic growth—are realistic, said Maya MacGuineas, president of the bipartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget. She called the administration’s projections of three percent annual growth “really not possible -- they have impossible assumptions of no changes in revenue and tax cuts.” She added that to see three or four percent growth “is nearly unprecedented. You’d need productivity growth at a level you’ve never seen.” The scant detail in Trump’s tax proposal was likely to hinder tax reform, she said. “They rolled out all the goodies but none of the offsets that would be necessary,” MacGuineas said. “I’m not a fan of surprises, and you have to set realistic expectations, because there are real trade-offs and choices.” The independent Tax Policy Center estimated that Trump’s campaign tax plan would add $7.2 trillion to the deficit. Economic growth spurred by Trump’s tax and regulation policy would add more than $2 trillion in tax revenue, according to the budget documents. Accounting gimmicks The budget also makes use of several other classic accounting gimmicks. It assumes that the wars in Afghanistan and the Middle East will cause future Congresses to allocate $593 billion in extra war funding that won’t be needed and then claims to save that amount by not spending it. The Trump budget also assumes a $35 billion savings from changes to financial services industry regulations and a repeal of the Dodd-Frank law’s orderly liquidation authority, under which financial regulators are empowered to untangle and wind down the biggest banks in a crisis. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office projected savings of $14.5 billion over a decade from eliminating the authority. Trump has promised a wall on the southern US border that Mexico will eventually pay for, and the budget includes $2.6 billion in 2018—$1.6 billion for “new and replacement border wall’’ in certain locations and about $1 billion for other items including aircraft, equipment and surveillance technology to deter illegal activity. Trump estimates the wall will cost $8 billion to $12 billion, but most experts say it will likely be more expensive. While Trump is proposing to increase the defence budget, the push for more high-priced weapons will wait another year. The Trump budget requests 70 Lockheed Martin Corp. F-35s and 14 Boeing Co. F/A-18E/F fighters—the same quantities anticipated by Obama’s administration for fiscal 2018. Similarly, the administration is requesting eight new Navy ships, the number proposed by Obama. With Trump pledging to increase the Navy fleet to 350 ships from 275 that can be deployed today, the Navy has said it will need to request 12 new vessels in fiscal 2018 to start the acceleration. Safety net But while defence spending is set to see a boost, social safety net programs are in the president’s crosshairs. Medicaid cuts of $610 billion would come alongside $250 billion savings—partly fuelled by limiting expanded Medicaid—from repealing Obamacare. Food stamps would be cut by $193 billion. Federal workers would see much less generous retirement benefits under the budget. Eliminating cost-of-living adjustments for retirees would save $42 billion while increasing required employee retirement contributions would save $72 billion. And the budget would save $72 billion through cuts to Social Security Disability Insurance. The administration has pitched its changes to student loan programs as beneficial to students. The budget would create a single repayment plan that would cap monthly payments at 12.5% of discretionary income, an increase from the 10% cap under some existing payment plans. But students would only need to repay their loans for 15 years, rather than 20, with the remainder wiped out by the federal government. That change would cut the federal subsidy by $76 billion. Bloomberg Justin SinkErik Wasson Topics: Donald Trump Trump budget US Republicans Ivanka Trump More From Livemint READ MORE Pakistan court allows Indian woman to return home: Report Gold prices steady as market awaits Fed policy cues USFDA accepts application for psoriasis drug: Sun Pharma First Published: Tue, May 23 2017. 09 00 AM IST Editor's Picks What Amazon’s rise portends for TCS, Infosys and Wipro 1.5 million students’ data leaked online, put up for sale for up to Rs60,000 Adding heft to inflation targeting Latest News Pakistan court allows Indian woman to return home: Report Gold prices steady as market awaits Fed policy cues USFDA accepts application for psoriasis drug: Sun Pharma RCom shares fall nearly 20% in nine sessions on negative rating of overseas bond I-T raids on Uttar Pradesh bureaucrats Mint On Sunday The amazing adventures of Dadasaheb Phalke - Part 2 Ever wondered if you could implant a memory? The secret of happiness lies in what you do, not what you buy How to conquer Delhi and other tales Letter from a dram Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Type to Search Flight Cars Culture Home How To Military Science Reviews Reviews Apps Gadgets Gear Tools Space Technology The Code Subscribe Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Podcasts Newsletter Popular Mechanics STEM Experience Follow Follow facebook twitter google+ pinterest youtube instagram Promotions Win Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter PopMech Follow Us On Pinterest Popular Mechanics Page-1 Cars How To Adventure Tech Shop Follow Subscribe Give A Gift Digital Edition Game Time The 50 Best New Board Games Ford's Self-Driving Car Boss Becomes Its CEO Jim Hackett has led Ford's mobility unit since March of last year. Now he leads the whole company. Most Popular AP By Associated Press May 22, 2017 Ford is replacing CEO Mark Fields as it struggles to keep its traditional auto-manufacturing business running smoothly while remaking itself as a nimble, high-tech provider of new mobility services. The 114-year-old automaker said Fields is retiring at age 56 after 28 years at the company. Fields will be replaced by Jim Hackett, who joined Ford's board in 2013. Hackett has led Ford's mobility unit since March of last year. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below In three years as CEO, Fields began Ford's transition from a traditional automaker into a "mobility" company, laying out plans to build autonomous vehicles and explore new services such as ride-hailing and car-sharing. Under Fields, Ford achieved a record pretax profit of $10.8 billion in 2015 as SUV and truck sales soared in the U.S. But there were rumblings that Fields wasn't focused enough on Ford's core business, as popular products like the Fusion sedan grew dated and Ford lagged behind rivals in bringing long-range electric cars to the market. The stock price sagged, and electric car maker Tesla Inc. even passed Ford in market value. Ford's stock price has fallen almost 40 percent since Fields became CEO in July 2014. Most Popular Hackett is the former CEO of Steelcase Inc., one of the world's largest office furniture companies. He is credited with transforming that company, in part by predicting the shift away from cubicles and into open office plans. But he first had to cut thousands of jobs and moved furniture production from the U.S. to Mexico to stem massive losses at the company. Ford Motor Co. Executive Chairman Bill Ford said in an interview that Hackett is the right person to lead Ford as it expands into new business areas, like making self-driving shuttles, because he's a "visionary" who knows how to remake a business. Car companies are facing increasing competition from Google, Uber and others as they try to plot their next moves. "These are really unparalleled times, and it really requires transformational leadership during these times," Bill Ford said. Hackett also served as the interim athletic director at the University of Michigan from 2014 to 2016. In that role, he lured star football coach Jim Harbaugh. Bill Ford insisted that Fields wasn't fired. He called Fields "an outstanding leader" who orchestrated the company's turnaround a decade ago when he was head of Ford's Americas division. "He and I sat down Friday and really decided this was the right time for him to go and for us to have new leadership," Bill Ford said. "People can speculate all they want about that. But the fact is, he is (retiring), and I feel we've got a great leader in Jim." Fields resurrected Ford's luxury Lincoln brand and grew sales in China. His bet on using aluminum for Ford's trucks paid off in terms of better fuel economy and strong sales. Fields opened an office in Silicon Valley to hire talented young researchers and scout out promising startups. But investors worried about Ford's sliding U.S. market share and product decisions. Ford's U.S. sales are down this year in part because it doesn't have offerings in popular segments like subcompact SUVs and midsize pickups. Ford continues to make small cars even though they're unprofitable and not in demand as buyers around the world gravitate to SUVs. And Ford hasn't kept up with rivals in the electric car market. General Motors' Chevrolet Bolt electric car, with 238 miles of range, went on sale last year; Ford is working on an electric SUV with 300 miles of range, but it's not due out until 2020. Meanwhile, Mary Barra — who became GM's CEO about six months before Fields became Ford's — has made a series of headline-grabbing moves, such as forming a partnership with the ride-hailing company Lyft and pulling GM out of unprofitable markets, including Europe, India and South Africa. Still, GM faces unhappy investors of its own with its stock slightly below the $33 initial public offering price from November 2010. Ford also made investments in new mobility companies and announced it would have a self-driving shuttle on the road by 2021, but its efforts haven't swayed investors. Hackett is confident he can placate Wall Street. "The way that that gets fixed is the nature of the innovation and the ideas making their way into the market," Hackett said. "It even sounds a little corny but the stock price is a consequence of the actions we're going to take to make the company more fit, more profitable and a more fun place to work." Fields also had the tough job of following CEO Alan Mulally, another auto industry outsider who was hired away from Boeing to lead Ford. Mulally, who joined Ford in 2006 when it was near bankruptcy, was widely credited with ending internal bickering at Ford and streamlining manufacturing. Hackett said he wants Ford to make decisions faster, and will put a smaller group of top executives at the table to make sure that can happen. "That frees teams of people that are below the top executives to really fly," Hackett said. As part of the shake-up, several Ford executives are taking on new roles as of June 1. Jim Farley, who led the company's European division back to profitability in recent years, will become vice president of global markets and will oversee Lincoln, sales and marketing. Joe Hinrichs, president of Ford's Americas division, will oversee global product development, manufacturing and quality. Marcy Klevorn, Ford's chief technical officer, will replace Hackett as the head of Ford Smart Mobility LLC, Ford's future mobility unit. Hackett and Bill Ford said they also want to modernize Ford's business processes by taking advantage of things like 3D printing, big data and artificial intelligence. Ford recently invested $1 billion over five years in artificial intelligence startup Argo AI. More from Popular Mechanics: More From Cars Cars Share Roger Moore's Best Bond Cars Cars Share Just a Few Driverless Cars on the Road Will Make Traffic Way Better Cars Share This High-Powered Work Light Will Help You Burn the Midnight Oil Cars Share This Classic Mini Is the Perfect Roadtripper Cars Share Why American Car Enthusiasts Love Boring European Cars Cars Share 16 Fun-to-Drive Cars That Get 30 MPG or More GIF Cars Share Watch this 500 Horsepower Civic Spectacularly Blow Up on the Dyno Car Technology Share After 100 Years, Internal Combustion Still Has a Few Surprises GIF Trucks Share This Self-Driving Garbage Truck Is Kind of Brilliant Car Technology Share The Most Important Facts (And Myths) About Your Car Battery Cars ford Google Is Now Issuing Reports About All Its Self-Driving Car Crashes Looks Like Google's Giving Up On Making Its Own Self-Driving Car 2012 Ford Mustang Boss 302 and Boss 302 Laguna Seca Peter Schreyer Becomes First Non-Korean President at Kia Missing Nevada Family Becomes a Survival Success Story Turtle Gets Titanium Jaw, Becomes World's Most Badass Sea Creature More From Cars PM_Logo Created with Sketch. Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Media Kit Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media Popular Mechanics participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means Popular Mechanics gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Site Map
Log in Subscribe Subscriber Services Advertise eEdition Archives WEEU 830AM An All Access or Digital Only subscription is required for unlimited access to readingeagle.com. Current subscriber Activate Now Not a subscriber Subscribe Today (click here) Subscriber Services Make a payment Vacation stop Delivery Complaints Sign up for Autopay Purchase a Subscription Purchase a Gift Subscription Money@ReadingEagle.com News Opinion Sports Life Weekend Business Weekly Berks Country Obituaries Marketplace Classifieds Special Sections Multimedia Berks & Beyond Tri-County Your Community State Nation/World Politics Money Special Projects Weather Traffic Crime Daily Docket Missed A Day Editorial/Letters Columnists Blogs Today's Sports Berks Game Day College Sports Football Baseball Hockey Basketball Reading 120 U.S. Women's Open NASCAR Hunting & Fishing Today's Life Finding Christmas Berks Country Fest Berks Jazz Fest Advice Art Books Entertainment Fashion Fitness Food Gardening Health Home Movies Tony Lucia's Movie House Music Outdoors Parenting People Pets Berks Pets Thoughts on Paws Religion Seniors Theater Travel Voices Celebrations Holiday Lights Eagle Scout Form Holiday Bazaars Form Centenarian Form Profile 2017 Women in Business Beer Section HOME & Real Estate Drive Berks Pets Kutztown 150th Veterans Day Section Special Sections Art On Exhibit Music In Concert Movies Theater On Stage To-Do List First Draft Events Personals Celebrations Purchase Photos Purchase Reprints Subscribe Reader Rewards Big Deal$ Employment Public Notices Yard Sales Videos and Photo Galleries Podcasts Purchase photos New Hires Form Accolades Form News to Use Form Hands on Projects Form Toot Your Own Horn Form The Sound Room Today's Money Mortgage Rates Interest rates Newsmaker Form Business Spotlight Form Search Reading Eagle Search state wide Suicide: A Whispered Crisis Drug Abuse Crisis The Pope in Philadelphia Newsmakers 2014 Taylor Swift Superstar Gifts of Christmas When Death Means Life Friday Knights Seeking a Vision for Downtown Kutztown Folk Festival Berks Best Graduation 2015 Latinos on the Move THON The Beatles Anniversary Beyond the Bars Failing Care Storm Center Eye on the Weather Penn State Berks Colleges/NCAA Top 25 Men's Basketball Nittany Extra Eagles/NFL Reading Fightins Phillies/MLB Reading Royals Flyers/NHL Sixers/NBA Club Scene Profiles Flyer Wedding Form Engagement Form Anniversary Form Wedding Form Engagement Form Anniversary Form Pottstown at 200 Boyertown 150 Fallen Troubadours Home Money   Ford replaces CEO in push to transform business Monday May 22, 2017 07:00 AM The Associated Press DETROIT — Ford is replacing CEO Mark Fields as it struggles to keep its traditional auto-manufacturing business running smoothly while remaking itself as a nimble, high-tech provider of new mobility services. The 114-year-old automaker said Fields is retiring at age 56 after 28 years at the company. Fields will be replaced by Jim Hackett, who joined Ford's board in 2013. Hackett has led Ford's mobility unit since March of last year. In three years as CEO, Fields began Ford's transition from a traditional automaker into a "mobility" company, laying out plans to build autonomous vehicles and explore new services such as ride-hailing and car-sharing. Under Fields, Ford achieved a record pretax profit of $10.8 billion in 2015 as SUV and truck sales soared in the U.S. But there were rumblings that Fields wasn't focused enough on Ford's core business, as popular products like the Fusion sedan grew dated and Ford lagged behind rivals in bringing long-range electric cars to the market. The stock price sagged, and electric car maker Tesla Inc. even passed Ford in market value. Ford's stock price has fallen almost 40 percent since Fields became CEO in July 2014. Hackett is the former CEO of Steelcase Inc., one of the world's largest office furniture companies. He is credited with transforming that company, in part by predicting the shift away from cubicles and into open office plans. But he first had to cut thousands of jobs and moved furniture production from the U.S. to Mexico to stem massive losses at the company. Ford Motor Co. Executive Chairman Bill Ford said in an interview that Hackett is the right person to lead Ford as it expands into new business areas, like making self-driving shuttles, because he's a "visionary" who knows how to remake a business. Car companies are facing increasing competition from Google, Uber and others as they try to plot their next moves. "These are really unparalleled times, and it really requires transformational leadership during these times," Bill Ford said. Hackett also served as the interim athletic director at the University of Michigan from 2014 to 2016. In that role, he lured star football coach Jim Harbaugh. Bill Ford insisted that Fields wasn't fired. He called Fields "an outstanding leader" who orchestrated the company's turnaround a decade ago when he was head of Ford's Americas division. "He and I sat down Friday and really decided this was the right time for him to go and for us to have new leadership," Bill Ford said. "People can speculate all they want about that. But the fact is, he is (retiring), and I feel we've got a great leader in Jim." Fields resurrected Ford's luxury Lincoln brand and grew sales in China. His bet on using aluminum for Ford's trucks paid off in terms of better fuel economy and strong sales. Fields opened an office in Silicon Valley to hire talented young researchers and scout out promising startups. But investors worried about Ford's sliding U.S. market share and product decisions. Ford's U.S. sales are down this year in part because it doesn't have offerings in popular segments like subcompact SUVs and midsize pickups. Ford continues to make small cars even though they're unprofitable and not in demand as buyers around the world gravitate to SUVs. And Ford hasn't kept up with rivals in the electric car market. General Motors' Chevrolet Bolt electric car, with 238 miles of range, went on sale last year; Ford is working on an electric SUV with 300 miles of range, but it's not due out until 2020. Meanwhile, Mary Barra — who became GM's CEO about six months before Fields became Ford's — has made a series of headline-grabbing moves, such as forming a partnership with the ride-hailing company Lyft and pulling GM out of unprofitable markets, including Europe, India and South Africa. Still, GM faces unhappy investors of its own with its stock slightly below the $33 initial public offering price from November 2010. Ford also made investments in new mobility companies and announced it would have a self-driving shuttle on the road by 2021, but its efforts haven't swayed investors. Hackett is confident he can placate Wall Street. "The way that that gets fixed is the nature of the innovation and the ideas making their way into the market," Hackett said. "It even sounds a little corny but the stock price is a consequence of the actions we're going to take to make the company more fit, more profitable and a more fun place to work." Fields also had the tough job of following CEO Alan Mulally, another auto industry outsider who was hired away from Boeing to lead Ford. Mulally, who joined Ford in 2006 when it was near bankruptcy, was widely credited with ending internal bickering at Ford and streamlining manufacturing. Hackett said he wants Ford to make decisions faster, and will put a smaller group of top executives at the table to make sure that can happen. "That frees teams of people that are below the top executives to really fly," Hackett said. As part of the shake-up, several Ford executives are taking on new roles as of June 1. Jim Farley, who led the company's European division back to profitability in recent years, will become vice president of global markets and will oversee Lincoln, sales and marketing. Joe Hinrichs, president of Ford's Americas division, will oversee global product development, manufacturing and quality. Marcy Klevorn, Ford's chief technical officer, will replace Hackett as the head of Ford Smart Mobility LLC, Ford's future mobility unit. Hackett and Bill Ford said they also want to modernize Ford's business processes by taking advantage of things like 3D printing, big data and artificial intelligence. Ford recently invested $1 billion over five years in artificial intelligence startup Argo AI. TODAY'S SPONSOR: ADJUST FONT SIZE: A A A Other Stories Environmental group to spend $130K in governor's race An environmental group in New Jersey says it will spend $130,000 to help the wealthy Democratic front-runner in the race for governor New Jersey's Newark Airport reopens after plane engine fire New Jersey's Newark Liberty International Airport has reopened after a plane engine caught fire, prompting a temporarily closure Jermyn Gets It Right On Reassessment As Lackawanna County Commissioners Patrick O’Malley and Laureen Cummings dither over the county’s most important need — a comprehensive property reassessment — Jermyn Borough Council has laid out... Uber admits stiffing NYC drivers by millions of dollars Uber has admitted to underpaying its New York City drivers tens of millions of dollars for the past 2 1/2 years Welcome guest! | subscribe | log in Want to know the big stories of the day? Sign up for Reading Eagle Top Stories e-newsletter. A daily email will include links to the day's top stories in News, Life, Sports and more. QUICK LINKS   Editorial News Money Sports Berks GameDay Life Voices Business Weekly Berks Country Weekend Content Columnists Blogs eEdition Archives TVTimes Special Sections Lottery Opinion Obituaries Events Calendar Marketplace BIGdeal$ Celebrations Reader Rewards Reading Eagle Store Reproductions Internet Directory Services Contact Us Subscriber Services Subscriber Loyalty Events FAQs Advertise With Us Feedback User Submissions Newspaper in Education Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Google+ Mobile RSS Alerts Classified Find A Job Find A Car Find A Rental Find A Home Find A Date Find Merchandise loading... What people are reading Most Popular 1. Wyomissing School Board stays mum on stabbing incident 2. Reading woman pistol-whipped, robbed after picking up man she met online 3. 2 Reading stores robbed at gunpoint 4. Reading police say man hurled rocks and bricks onto Schuylkill Avenue from rooftops 5. Vote for your favorite hamburger in Berks County 6. Dunkin' Donuts in Reading under construction 7. Spring Township-based XO Communications to lay off 53 workers 8. Company files for federal OK for pipeline from Oley Township to Birdsboro 9. Exeter Township, overriding residents' groans, OKs EMS switch 10. Bowers Photo to move from site in Spring Township Reader Photo Galleries Reading celebration reader photo gallery Reader photos from Christmas at FirstEnergy Stadium Illustrations by freshmen at Boyertown Junior High West Showcase: Artwork of Brandywine Heights students Showcase: Artwork of Daniel Tetreault Showcase: Work of Adam Dautrich Jones Showcase: Work of Anna Laczkowski Showcase: Week of March 15 Readers' photos from the Jan. 23 snowstorm Holiday Lights in Berks 2015 Holiday Lights Around Berks Sketchbook Contest grades 6-8 Trophy Room Around Berks Nature Snow Days Travel News as it Happens Eye on the Weather Submit your photos! Purchase Daily Photos Editorial News Money Sports Berks GameDay Life Voices Business Weekly Berks Country Weekend Opinion Obituaries Content Columnists Blogs eEdition Archives TVTimes Special Sections Events Marketplace Classified Directory Find A Job Find A Car Find A Rental Find A Home Find A Date Find Merchandise Celebrations Reader Rewards Reproductions Big Deal$ Services Contact Us Subscriber Services FAQs Advertise With Us Lottery Feedback User Submissions Newspaper in Education Internet Directory Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Google+ Mobile RSS Alerts Reading Eagle Company 345 Penn Street . Reading . PA . 19603 . 610.371.5000 Contact us | Archives | Subscribe | Privacy policy | Advertise with us ©2013-2014 Reading Eagle Company, All Rights Reserved - These links are not endorsements of any products or services in such sites , and no information in such site has been endorsed or approved by this site.
Skip to site map Hello Sign Out My Profile Update Details My Subscription My Events Admin Site Login Sign Up Subscribe Today's Paper 28° Ipswich Ipswich Toogoolawah Esk Gatton Harrisville Lowood Loganlea Ripley Springfield Central News NEWS Local News Just In Letters to the Editor Opinion Queensland National World Off Beat Business Sport SPORT Local Sport National Sport Features Opinion NRL AFL Soccer Cricket Netball Golf Horse Racing Lifestyle LIFESTYLE Hey Mumma Outdoor Living Easy Eating Home & Style Gardening Travel Entertainment Fashion Smarter Shopping Health Parenting Dating Horoscopes Community COMMUNITY Community News Your Story NDIS Weddings Pets Photos Buy Photos Videos Local History Traffic Cameras Ipswich Council Page Chamber of Commerce What's on WHAT'S ON Events Competitions Guides Tourism Post Your Event Jobs JOBS Jobs News Training & Education Local Job Listings Post your Job Ad Motoring MOTORING Motoring News Road Test Future Models Local Motoring Listings Post your Motoring Ad Real Estate REAL ESTATE Real Estate News Local Real Estate Listings Property Guide Post your Real Estate Ad Classifieds FINDA Classifieds Real Estate Motoring Jobs Buy & Sell Notices Trades & Services Health & Beauty Personals Businesses for Sale Get a Tradie Post an Ad Find Your Local Search by keyword Search by location Search by category Add your business Special Features QT Magazine Resource Directory Stud Cattle Directory Step in the Right Direction QT Business Directory APN Network Menu Home Just In News Sport Lifestyle Community What's On Jobs Motoring Real Estate Obituaries Classifieds All News Qantas and Vegemite, name a more iconic duo... Keagan Elder | 23rd May 2017 11:00 AM Updated: 11:00 AM Keagan Elder Full Profile Login to follow 0 1 Comment Use this content ICONIC DUO: Vegemite launches social media campaign to rename one of Qantas' new aircraft after the famous Australian spread (picture digitally altered). Leigh Jensen Popular Stories Serial masturbator kicked out of Australia Woman breaks leg, counselling offered after school accident Police hunt for man after Rosewood phone box 'scratched' Local Real Estate Subscribe Now TO WELCOME in the new fleet of Qantas Dreamliners, the national airline has put a call out to the Australian public to name eight of its planes. Qantas wants the names to "reflect the true Spirit of Australia". Help spread the spirit of 🇦🇺 around the 🌏 by naming one of the @Qantas ✈️'s - #VEGEMITE Head to: https://t.co/zARxol9G0O #VegemiteDreamliner pic.twitter.com/5m3IiIsAkQ— Vegemite (@Vegemite) May 22, 2017 Weighing in as a strong contender, Vegemite has thrown its hat into the ring and launched a social media campaign to name one of the new aircraft after the iconic Australian spread. Going by the criteria listed by Qantas on its website, Vegemite fits the bill. Qantas stated name suggestions should be based around people, places or things that reflect Australia. "It could be a notable person, ground breaking invention, a piece of our culture, a saying, a man-made or natural landmark," Qantas stated. Whether you love it or hate it, you could argue Vegemite ticks a number of boxes. The Boeing 787 Dreamliner is the latest commercial aircraft by the American company. According to Boeing the 787 offers passengers "an experience like none other in the air, with more comfort and less fatigue". To enter your name suggestion for the new Qantas Dreamliners, visit the Qantas website. australian culture Read More Login to follow boeing 787 dreamliner Read More Login to follow offbeat news Read More Login to follow qantas Read More Login to follow vegemite Read More Login to follow Topics:  australian culture boeing 787 dreamliner offbeat news qantas vegemite 0 1 Comment Just In Two in hospital after motorway rollover Council refusal of 'high density' development ends in court Ipswich woman's last chance to spend time with dying dad "We've real concerns": Anger at coal dust at Ipswich station Trolleys taking over parking spaces Melbourne tram and truck collide Top Stories Two in hospital after motorway rollover A vehicle has flipped in the crash on the Logan-bound lanes about 3.20pm. News 24th May 2017 3:30 PM Council refusal of 'high density' development ends in court Ipswich woman's last chance to spend time with dying dad HOW Uber changed this local family's life "We've real concerns": Anger at coal dust at Ipswich station Concerned citizens plan action before next state election Trolleys taking over parking spaces Boys would be so happy to return the trolleys to get the coins Local Partners Community Your Story Local History More Community What's On Lemons to race 24 hours at Willowbank Raceway Hotted up old bombs set to raise funds for prostate cancer Show legend returns to post after being run over by float "A lady cut a corner and unfortunately Syd got run over" Public input sought for flood evacuation, exhibition centre Cahill scores goals galore with heady home brews Houdini lives...but he's back in his cage for now Syd's wisdom passed on to generation next Mead the bee's knees in apiary show section Paddinton Bear is coming to Ipswich FAVOURITE children's character set to delight in new show What to expect at Birds of Tokyo's Ipswich gig BAND member Glen Sarangapany talks music, pub grub and doing shoeys IPSWICH SHOW: What's on at the showgrounds today THE show fun continues today with plenty of rides, games and stunts Entertainment CELEBRITY TV MOVIES MUSIC Kim Kardashian slammed over Manchester tribute KIM Kardashian has been slammed by her followers after posting a tribute to the victims of the Manchester terror attack. National breakfast show to film live in Ipswich Roving Robbo homeward bound as Studio 10 comes to town Top Gun 2 movie is happening, Tom Cruise confirms TOM Cruise delights fans with announcement on Sunrise. The first Baywatch movie reviews are in Critics were less than impressed. Boyfriend loses it over sex lie SEVEN Year Switch’s Stacey told a fib about her sex life. Why Crowe’s thankful for those ‘bulls**t’ rumours Crowe and Terri Irwin have been dodging dating rumours for years now MOVIE REVIEW: King Arthur - Legend of the Sword Why the critics have got Guy Ritchie’s King Arthur all wrong. Real Estate Buy Rent More Real Estate Listing More Real Estate News 6 Mary Street, Bundamba 4304 House 3 1 4 Offers From... Classic, picture perfect "Queenslander" boasting traditional wraparound verandah situated on a generous, elevated 890sqm corner block in a sought after location... 27 Willowtree Drive, Flinders View 4305 House 3 2 1 $339,000 Situated in the very popular 'Fair View Rise' Estate, Flinders View this wonderful property is conveniently located a few minutes' drive to Ipswich City Centre and... 2 Protea Court, Yamanto 4305 House 3 2 2 $345,000 This immaculate low set brick home just screams value for money and is situated on a corner block in the heart of Yamanto. This beautiful home consists of three... 2/247 South Station Road, Raceview 4305 House 3 1 1 Offers Over... Great opportunity to purchase this low maintenance free standing duplex, which positioned in the most central location, so close to amenities. - Expected rental... 144 Curzon Street, Rangeville 4350 House 4 1 1 Offers Over... There's nothing more appealing than a Toowoomba home with charm & this one comes with all the trimmings. This quaint property sits on a private, fully fenced block... 299 Hume Street, Toowoomba South 4350 House 4 3 1 $459,000 Positioned in the popular South Toowoomba precinct and only 2km to the CBD, this fully renovated home PLUS granny flat is perfect for those looking for space... 70 Glenelg Drive, Brassall 4305 House 3 1 1 $265,000 A fantastic opportunity awaits for first home buyers or investors, with no work to be done, its ready for you to move in straight away, and a massive yard in the... 60 Sovereign Drive, Deebing Heights 4306 House 4 2 2 $369,000 Ideally located in one of the most sought after neighbourhoods in Ipswich is this near new modern terrace home. Perfectly suited for a busy young couple looking... 17 Pemberton Street, Booval 4304 House 3 1 2 Offers Over... FULLY FENCED 718SQM INNER CITY LOCATION AMAZING SUPER SPACIOUS REAR ENTERTAINING DECK WALK TO SHOPS, SCHOOLS & RAIL 5 MINUTES TO IPSWICH CBD & Hospitals, UQ... 42 Lowry Street, North Ipswich 4305 House 3 2 $279,000 I NEED MORE THAN SOME PAINT AND NAILS TO BRING ME BACK TO MY FORMER GLORY BUT I’VE BEEN RAISED, RE-STUMPED ON STEEL POSTS AND CONCRETED UNDER SO THE MOST EXPENSIVE... Council refusal of 'high density' development ends in court Developer took the matter to the Queensland Planning Court How Toowoomba house prices compare in Australia Here's what $700,000 will buy you in Toowoomba, Brisbane and Sydney One of Maryborough's most historic homes is still for sale It has been the scene of both joy and tragedies over the years. Rising seas threaten more Coast homes than ever before Is your home at risk? The face of the Sunshine Coast's overpriced rental crisis Young people feel the strain in competitive, expensive rental market Ready to SELL your property? Post Your Ad Here! © The Queensland Times Pty Limited 2017. Unauthorised reproduction is prohibited under the laws of Australia and by international treaty. News Corp Australia Group Websites Need Help? Refer to our helpful FAQ section for any problems you might be experiencing. Queensland Times Ipswich News National News World News Sport Lifestyle Travel Shopping Business Real Estate Home Loans Horoscopes Ipswich Weather Newspapers in Education What's On Entertainment Events Place an event Competitions Ipswich Classifieds Jobs in Ipswich Cars for Sale in Ipswich Property listings in Ipswich Bargains for Sale in Ipswich Obituaries in Ipswich Personals in Ipswich Notices in Ipswich Property for Rent Houses for Sale Classifieds Garage Sale Recruitment Ipswich Trades and Services Air Conditioning Builders Carpet Cleaners Concreters Electricians Gardeners Handyman Painters Plumbers All Services About Queensland Times Audience Panel About Us Contact Us Our Team Use our Content Home Delivery ePaper Photo Sales Letters to the Editor Competition Terms APN News & Media Digital Advertising ARM Digital Marketing Solutions Group Sites Privacy Policy Terms of Use × Login to follow.
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer YT Comic Con Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rates LOG Live FLS Dow Jones Industrial Average Makes It 3 in a Row, Longest Stretch in 3 Months – Nasdaq Posted on May 22 2017 - 5:15pm by Zennie Abraham Categorized as Business 24 Related Dow Jones 30 and NASDAQ 100 Forecast May 24, 2017, Technical Analysis – FX Empire Nasdaq It was another day of buying on Wall Street, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) , S&P 500 Index ( SPX ) , and Nasdaq Composite (COMP) all closing higher for a third straight session. In fact, it was the Dow’s first three-day advance since … Oil, Boeing Boost Dow Jones Industrial AverageSchaeffers Research (blog) DJIA Today: Dow Jones Futures Claw Back From Last Week’s DeclineEconomic Calendar US stocks higher at close of trade; Dow Jones Industrial Average up 0.43%Investing.com ETF Daily News (blog) all 33 news articles …read more Source:: Dow Jones News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Seattle Blog - Cleveland Blog - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Join Our Email List Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Las Vegas Pol Blasts NFL Oakland Raiders Zennie62 on YouTube Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Oakland A's Survey Pits Howard Terminal vs Coliseum For New Stadium Oakland Raiders NFL Rashad Jenning Wins DWTS, Roger Moore 007 Livestream Oakland Raiders NFL At Coliseum Through 2019 Almost Reality Las Vegas Melania Trump Slaps Donald Trump's Hand Away During Mid East Trip Sir Roger Moore, James Bond 007, Passes Chris Giunchigliani Blasts Oakland Raiders NFL Lack Of Concern For Las Vegas Community Ariana Grande Manchester Concert Marred By Tragedy, Tweets Call For Help Best Female Athletes Legs On The Internet Celtics Shock Cavs 111-108 Win NBA ECF Game 3 In Cleveland -Livestream Celtics Beat Cavs 111-108 With Last Second Three Point Shot Notre Dame Students Walk Out Of VP Mike Pence's Speech http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Trump's Budget Bites Deeply Into Programs Benefiting His Voters by Erik Wasson @elwasson More stories by Erik Wasson , Steven T. Dennis @StevenTDennis More stories by Steven T. Dennis , and John McCormick @McCormickJohn More stories by John McCormick May 22, 2017, 9:00 PM EDT May 23, 2017, 4:00 PM EDT Lawmakers in both parties dismiss spending White House plan Cuts would carve through range of federal safety-net programs Trump's Budget Would Dramatically Reduce Govt.'s Role President Donald Trump made an impassioned plea for support from minority voters during his election campaign by asking them, “What do you have to lose?” On Tuesday, they got an answer, as did many of the rural, poor and working-class voters who propelled him into office. In his fiscal 2018 budget proposal, Trump asked Congress for $3.6 trillion in spending cuts that would mean steep reductions in food stamps, Medicaid health insurance payments, disability benefits, low-income housing assistance and block grants that fund meals-on-wheels for the elderly. The plan found little favor in Congress, even among Republican lawmakers from districts and states that gave Trump wide margins in the November election, and it had Democrats talking about a deal on spending that would exclude the White House. The administration was undeterred. Budget Director Mick Mulvaney called the spending proposal released Tuesday a rethinking of government to place greater weight on the interests of the people who pay taxes rather than those who turn to it for help. “It’s a taxpayer-first budget,” Mulvaney said. “We are no longer going to measure compassion by the number of programs and the amount spent on those programs.” Congressional Priorities But Congress has its own plans and, as Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said in an interview last week with Bloomberg News, Trump’s priorities “aren’t necessarily ours.” “We know the president’s budget is not going to be passed as proposed,” Republican Senator John Cornyn said on Tuesday. Even so, Senate Republicans are working to implement some of Trump’s proposed Medicaid cuts as part of an Obamacare repeal bill and plan to take up his proposed tax rate cuts later this year. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer called Trump’s budget “the latest example of the president breaking his promises to working Americans.” But he also highlighted the bipartisan agreement on 2017 spending that cut the White House out of negotiations. He held out hope for a repeat of that deal, saying “our Republican colleagues dislike this budget almost as much as we do.” House Speaker Paul Ryan said Trump’s budget, like those of his predecessors, will get a heavy reworking in Congress. But he sought to highlight areas where the White House and congressional Republicans share similar goals. “Here’s what I’m happy about: We finally have a president who’s willing to actually even balance the budget,” Ryan told reporters. “And we will have a great debate about the details on how to achieve those goals.” Deep Cuts Trump’s fiscal plan reaches deeply into programs relied on by many of his core supporters, including cuts of $610 billion from Medicaid alongside alongside $250 billion savings from repealing Obamacare, $193 billion from food stamps and $72 billion in Social Security’s Supplemental Security Income program, which provide cash benefits for the poor and disabled. States that Trump carried in the presidential election are high on the list of those that spent the most federal money for Medicaid in 2016, including Pennsylvania at No. 4 with $16.6 billion, Ohio a notch lower with $15.1 billion and Michigan at No. 7 with $12.3 billion, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation. Among the top 25 states for proportion of households receiving food stamps, Trump won 16 of them, according to a comparison of election results and Census Bureau figures. That includes three in the top five for usage: Mississippi, West Virginia and Kentucky. Those three also are among the top states with the highest proportion of beneficiaries of Social Security disability payments. Of the 25 states with the highest shares of recipients compared with total population, Trump carried 17 of them in November. Agricultural Programs Cuts to agricultural programs also will be felt in Trump country. Eight of the 10 states that received the most federal money in farm subsides voted for Trump, according to a state ranking compiled by the Environmental Working Group. Even in Illinois and Minnesota, the two states that voted for Democrat Hillary Clinton, rural areas supported the Republican. Trump’s proposal claims to balance the budget within a decade. But it relies on a tax plan for which the administration has provided precious little detail and makes heavy use of accounting gimmicks. The budget predicts a sweeping tax overhaul package that would strengthen economic growth while providing few details of how the tax code would change. The one thing the administration has said is people and businesses will pay less; the budget asserts the amount of revenue collected won’t drop. Neither of the White House’s assertions -- that Trump’s tax plan would be both revenue neutral and fuel budget coffers by $2 trillion to $2.6 trillion through economic growth -- are realistic, said Maya MacGuineas, president of the bipartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget. ‘Impossible Assumptions’ She called the administration’s projections of three percent annual growth "really not possible -- they have impossible assumptions of no changes in revenue and tax cuts." She added that to see three or four percent growth "is nearly unprecedented. You’d need productivity growth at a level you’ve never seen." The scant detail in Trump’s tax proposal was likely to hinder tax reform, she said. “They rolled out all the goodies but none of the offsets that would be necessary,” MacGuineas said. “I’m not a fan of surprises, and you have to set realistic expectations, because there are real trade-offs and choices.” The independent Tax Policy Center estimated that Trump’s campaign tax plan would add $7.2 trillion to the deficit. Economic growth spurred by Trump’s tax and regulation policy would add more than $2 trillion in tax revenue, according to the budget documents. The budget also makes use of several other classic accounting gimmicks. It assumes that the wars in Afghanistan and the Middle East will cause future Congresses to allocate $593 billion in extra war funding that won’t be needed and then claims to save that amount by not spending it. The Trump budget also assumes a $35 billion savings from changes to financial services industry regulations and a repeal of the Dodd-Frank law’s orderly liquidation authority, under which financial regulators are empowered to untangle and wind down the biggest banks in a crisis. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office projected savings of $14.5 billion over a decade from eliminating the authority. The plan calls for some new domestic spending, including $25 billion over 10 years for nationwide paid parental leave -- a cause championed by first daughter Ivanka Trump -- and an expansion of the Pell Grant program for low-income students. The Department of Homeland Security’s budget would increase $3 billion versus the final full year of President Barack Obama’s term. While the Pentagon’s budget would see a $6 billion increase, the push for more high-priced weapons -- including fulfilling Trump’s pledge to increase the Navy fleet to 350 ships from 275 that can be deployed today -- will wait another year. He’s also proposing cutting funding for the State Department by more than 28 percent, which Republican Senator Lindsey Graham said “will gut soft power.” “If we implemented this budget you’d have to retreat from the world or put a lot of people at risk,” said Graham, a member of the Appropriations Committee. “A lot of Benghazis in the making if we actually implemented the State Department cuts.” He said the Trump budget “is not going to go anywhere.” Get the latest on global politics in your inbox, every day. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up The administration has pitched its changes to student loan programs as beneficial to students. The budget would create a single repayment plan that would cap monthly payments at 12.5 percent of discretionary income, an increase from the 10 percent cap under some existing payment plans. But students would only need to repay their loans for 15 years, rather than 20, with the remainder wiped out by the federal government. That change would cut the federal subsidy by $76 billion. The proposal seeks to boost government revenues by allowing drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, ending the practice of sharing oil royalties with states along the Gulf of Mexico and selling off government-owned electricity transmission lines in the West. Like much of the budget, those moves are likely to face opposition on Capitol Hill. Trump has promised a wall on the southern U.S. border that Mexico will eventually pay for, and the budget includes $2.6 billion in 2018 – $1.6 billion for “new and replacement border wall’’ in certain locations and about $1 billion for other items including aircraft, equipment and surveillance technology to deter illegal activity. Trump estimates the wall will cost $8 billion to $12 billion, but most experts say it will likely be more expensive. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read U.K.'s May Warns Further Terrorist Attacks Could Be Imminent SpaceX Technician Says Concerns About Tests Got Him Fired Madoff Fund Paid Millions to Breeden Firm, Zero to Victims America’s Cities Are Running Out of Room Trump's Budget Bites Deeply Into Programs Benefiting His Voters Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Marijuana Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Business Ford names new CEO amid management shake-up Mon., May 22, 2017, 6:10 p.m. Detroit Free Press Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS DETROIT – Ford confirmed Monday that, in a wide-ranging reshuffling of top management, Jim Hackett will become the automaker’s new CEO. The move brings the three-year tenure of Mark Fields as chief executive to an abrupt end. Ford Executive Chairman Bill Ford praised the tenure and achievements of Fields but said the automaker needs to make decisions faster, break down its hierarchical structures and communicate its strategy more clearly to the public. “Mark had a tremendous career at Ford and did great things, starting with the Way Forward plan in North America (in 2005). That was a huge building block,” Ford said. “But this is a time of unprecedented change.” Ford’s decision to change course comes amid pressure from shareholders to improve the company’s stock price, which has declined 40 percent since Fields became CEO even though the company has been extremely profitable. Hackett, 62, has a long track record of innovation, including his tenure as CEO of furniture company Steelcase and as interim athletic director at the University of Michigan, where he was credited with sealing the deal to hire Jim Harbaugh as head coach of the football team. Hackett, Ford said, “Will continue to transform the culture of Ford Motor Co.” Ford’s stock price rose 13 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $11.02 in morning trading. Hackett, 62, has a long track record of innovation, including his tenure as CEO of furniture company Steelcase and as interim athletic director at the University of Michigan, where he was credited with sealing the deal to hire Jim Harbaugh as head coach of the football team. He also has developed a close relationship with Bill Ford as a member of Ford’s board of directors and as chairman of Ford Smart Mobility. Hackett, in comments Monday, said he hopes to foster an environment of teamwork at Ford and a structure that is better able to take on challenging issues, such as the coming autonomous vehicle-driven revolution of the auto industry. “What I want to help impact is where we are going,” Hackett said. “I want to see us differentiate ourselves.” Ford also made a number of other changes to its management lineup. The changes set up a structure with three top executives with expansive portfolios who will report to Hackett. Several other executives, including Chief Financial Officer Bob Shanks, will also report to Hackett. Hackett said he has asked Bill Ford to lead both government relations and communications. Fields, 56, proved himself in the early 2000s by engineering the turnaround of Mazda, then a company that was controlled by Ford. Over his 28-year career, Fields held a number of titles with increasing responsibility and emerged as the heir apparent to former CEO Alan Mulally several years before Mulally retired. Mulally, a former Boeing executive who came to Ford in September 2006 when the automaker was sputtering, led the automaker through the Great Recession without resorting to Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Fields, as president of the Americas in the late 2000s, was the second highest-ranking Ford executive and learned from Mulally. “Mark Fields was given the nearly impossible task of making the utterly conventional auto manufacturer, Ford Motor Company, into a high-tech information-style company with share values to match,” said Jack R. Nerad, executive editor and market analyst for Kelley Blue Book. “Despite turning in credible profits, Fields was unable to turn Ford into a stock market darling, and that may well prove elusive going forward.” Published: May 22, 2017, 6:10 p.m.  Click here to comment on this story » Most read stories Legal fight erupts after five from India caught entering U.S. to avoid Trump immigration bans … Seattle Seahawks Hall of Famer Cortez Kennedy dead at 48 … Dayton lost its asparagus business to the ‘War on Drugs’ but residents persevered … Bicyclist who was struck by minivan south of Spokane Valley has died … Anglers put the bite on Columbia River bass … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Aerospace Plastics Market is expected to reach USD 1.04 million by 2025 NEW YORK, May 22, 2017 Highlights The global aerospace plastics market is expected to reach USD 1.04 million by 2025, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. Aerospace plastics exhibit heat resistance and high strength properties. It’s high modulus of elasticity aids in the production of various aircraft components such as fuselage, airframe, empennage, etc. Increased incidents of plastic fracture and failure along with high maintenance, repair and operating costs are posing a threat to aerospace plastics market growth. North America accounted for the over 40% of the revenue share in 2016. The growing demand for commercial aircraft coupled with the presence of Boeing, a leading manufacturer of aircraft is expected to drive the demand for aerospace polymers in the region The global aerospace plastics market is expected to reach USD 1.04 million by 2025, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. Non-corrosive nature and high-temperature resistance of plastics are expected to bolster market growth over the forecast period. Aerospace plastics exhibit heat resistance and high strength properties. It’s high modulus of elasticity aids in the production of various aircraft components such as fuselage, airframe, empennage, etc. In addition, plastics are lightweight nevertheless high-performance alternatives to metals such as steel and aluminum; as a result, the market is expected to grow significantly. Growing adoption of highly durable and chemical resistant plastics are expected to drive market over the forecast period. However, the components manufactured with the use of polymers are hard to inspect for flaws, leading to quality variations and defects. Increased incidents of plastic fracture and failure along with high maintenance, repair and operating costs are posing a threat to aerospace plastics market growth. Aerospace plastics provide a high degree of freedom in the designing of complicated components of an aircraft. As a result, the percentage of the material utilized in manufacturing commercial and military aircrafts has increased significantly over the past couple of decades, which in turn has bolstered the demand for polymers in aerospace applications. Further key findings from the report suggest: Aerostructure segment accounted for was over 291.3 million in 2016. The growing use of plastics in fuselage, airframe and other integral components of an aircraft is expected to drive segment growth over the next eight years. The demand for the product in propulsion systems was over 2,847.6 tons in 2016. The utilization of the polymers in propeller systems, bearing bushes, turbines and nacelles are expected to have a positive impact on industry growth over the forecast period Commercial & freighter aircraft accounted for the majority of the revenue share. The rapid growth in the air passenger traffic has led to the increased production of commercial aircraft, which in turn is expected to bolster the demand for the polymers North America accounted for the over 40% of the revenue share in 2016. The growing demand for commercial aircraft coupled with the presence of Boeing, a leading manufacturer of aircraft is expected to drive the demand for aerospace polymers in the region Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04899229/Aerospace-Plastics-Market-Analysis-By-Application-Aerostructure-Components-Cabin-Interiors-Propulsion-Systems-Satellites-By-End-use-And-Segment-Forecasts.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need – instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aerospace-plastics-market-is-expected-to-reach-usd-104-million-by-2025-300461870.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Santa Cruz County Bank Announces Change in Board Appointments for Chairman and Vice-Chairman Next PostNext Nova linha de fornos de micro-ondas comerciais da Midea surpreende multidão na NRA Foodservice Show de 2017 Search Recent Posts World Bank and Ulaanbaatar City Partner to Improve Municipal Capital Investment Planning and Public Transport Financing Дэлхийн Банк, Нийслэлийн захиргаа хотын төсвийн хөрөнгө оруулалтын төлөвлөлт, нийтийн тээврийн санхүүжилтийг сайжруулахад хамтран ажиллана Global Machine Translation Market share to reach $1.5bn by 2024 United States Bike Helmets Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Europe Waste Heat Recovery in Oil and Gas Market: Basic Influencing Factors Driving the Market Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Ford claims its new CEO has deep ties to Silicon Valley — but the company still has a big self-driving-car problem Danielle Muoio May 22, 2017, 2:23 PM 3,780 facebook linkedin twitter email print Jim Hackett, Ford's new CEO.Ford Ford is showing it's serious about self-driving tech by naming Jim Hackett its new CEO, but whether Hackett can compete in the multi-million talent war for AI experts remains to be seen. Hackett has led Ford's Smart Mobility unit since it was formed in March 2016. The division was created as part of Ford's expansion into smart mobility services, which includes the development of autonomous vehicles and its car-sharing service GoDrive. Ford said Hackett's background and ties with Silicon Valley will help it advance in the fields of robotics and artificial intelligence. Chairman Bill Ford said during a Monday press call that Hackett is held in high-esteem by Silicon Valley leaders, which he witnessed firsthand during a board trip out West last February. "As you know the Silicon Valley culture is very, very different than industrial midwest… and to see Jim not only navigate that so well but to be held in such high regard there made an impression on me," he said. Hackett, however, doesn't have a tech background. Ford is betting that his experience as Steelcase CEO and former athletic head for the University of Michigan will prove useful. "Look for Ford to present itself as an AI Machine Learning Big Data Tech Firm," Morgan Stanley auto and mobility analyst Adam Jonas wrote in a note. "During his stint heading the University of Michigan Athletic Department, Jim Hackett proved to be highly effective in bringing talent from Silicon Valley to Southeast Michigan (Jim Harbaugh)." Although commendable, convincing former 49ers coach Harbaugh to leave the West Coast for his alma matter is a lot different than convincing AI experts to leave traditional tech companies for the auto industry, which is still new to this technical space. "The traditional power and talent of the auto industry was based in their product development group," Gary Silberg, the head of KPMG’s automotive unit, previously told Business Insider. "You can't just turn on a dime and say, 'ok, now we are going to go recruit AI geniuses and computer scientists and expect them to come to work with us.'" Six technology companies employ 54% of all deep learning specialists: Google, Microsoft, NVIDIA, IBM, Intel, and Samsung, according to a 2016 report by accounting firm KPMG. The automaker isn't a stranger to recruiting from the outside to make radical changes, Jonas wrote in his note, adding that Alan Mulally came from Boeing before becoming Ford CEO in 2006. As CEO for furniture company Steelcase, Hackett helped transition the company from selling cubicles to designing furniture for an open office plan when the concept was still relatively new.  But transitioning a company with roots in personal car ownership to entirely new mobility platforms is no easy feat. "In many ways, Mr. Hackett's job may be more challenging than Mr. Mulally's," Jonas wrote. A self-driving Ford Fusion.Ford Under Hackett, Ford's Smart Mobility has made relatively small gains. It bought shuttle-van startup Chariot for $65 million, which will eventually integrate with Ford's bike-sharing service GoBike when it launches in 2018. The unit also bought Israeli company SAIPS to advance its machine learning algorithms for self-driving cars. Under Fields, Ford invested $1 billion in startup Argo AI as part of a talent grab for autonomous software experts. But Ford's acquisitions may not be enough to compete with the investments made by rivals General Motors and Fiat Chrysler: GM has invested $500 million in Lyft and acquired Cruise Automation, an autonomous driving startup founded by MIT engineers, for $581 million. Fiat Chrysler is supplying Waymo, the self-driving company born out of Google's parent company, with over 500 Pacifica minivans for Waymo's driverless test fleet and reportedly collaborating on a robot taxi service. Hackett's experience with Silicon Valley so far may very well prove useful to creating new alliances that Ford needs to compete with the Big 3 and Tesla. It will simply depend on how deep those ties run when it comes to recruitment. Get the latest Ford stock price here. SEE ALSO: There's a raging talent war for AI experts and its costing automakers millions NOW WATCH: This Ford crib simulates a driving car to put your baby to sleep Loading video... More: Ford Mark Fields Jim Hackett Self-Driving Car autonomous Driverless Electric Cars BITranspo facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Ford claims its new CEO has deep ties to Silicon Valley — but the company still has a big self-driving-car problem Ford claims its new CEO has deep ties to Silicon Valley — but the company still has a big self-driving-car problem Ford is showing it's serious about self-driving... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: A deep dive into Tesla's stock price and Amazon 20 years after its IPO More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Golf Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines Stocks bounce back as technology and defense companies climb The Associated Press | Monday, May 22, 2017, 5:09 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. NEW YORK — Strong gains for technology companies like software and chip makers helped lead stocks higher Monday. Defense contractors also climbed as the market continued to bounce back from a bout of turbulence last week. Stocks rose for the third day in a row. Technology companies are closing in on all-time highs and continued to rise Monday, led by big names like Cisco Systems and Qualcomm. Aerospace and defense companies rose after President Trump presided over a huge sale of military equipment to Saudi Arabia. Amazon led consumer-focused companies higher. Energy companies lagged even though oil prices continued their recent climb. Sameer Samana, a strategist for Wells Fargo Investment Institute, said people continue to spend more money on personal electronics while businesses invest in automation and software to boost their productivity. “In a low-growth environment, you've got to squeeze more out of every dollar of investment,” Samana said. At the same time, he added, some overseas markets have been stronger than expected this year. The Standard & Poor's 500 index jumped 12.29 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,394.02. The Dow Jones industrial average added 89.99 points, or 0.4 percent, to 20,894.83. The Nasdaq composite gained 49.91 points, or 0.8 percent, to 6,133.62. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks picked up 9.81 points, or 0.7 percent, to 1,377.14. The technology component of the S&P 500 index has soared 18 percent this year, almost three times as much as the broader S&P 500. On Monday chipmaker Qualcomm gained $1.61, or 2.8 percent, to $59.28 and Cisco Systems, which sells equipment like routers, switches and software, rose 38 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $31.59. Adobe Systems picked up $2.42, or 1.8 percent, to $138.85 and design software maker Autodesk jumped $3.45, or 3.1 percent, to $113.36. Both the S&P 500 and tech-heavy Nasdaq composite set records early last week before worries about growing political uncertainty in Washington, which could hamper President Trump's agenda of tax cuts and deregulation, knocked those indexes back from their highs. The Russell 2000 of smaller companies, which would benefit more than large ones from Trump's proposals, is down 3 percent from the record it set a month ago. Samana said he thinks stocks will become more volatile in the coming months, but not because of politics. Instead, he thinks stocks will break out of their unusual calm because the Federal Reserve and European Central Bank will pull back on the stabilizing measures they've used since the global financial crisis. “If they both start to lay the groundwork for pulling back on the extraordinary stimulus, that's probably the catalyst for a little bit more volatility,” he said. Aerospace and defense companies climbed after President Trump presided over a $110 billion sale of military equipment to Saudi Arabia. The agreement could expand to $350 billion over 10 years. Lockheed Martin climbed $4.24, or 1.6 percent, to $277.03 and Boeing gained $2.91, or 1.6 percent, to $183.67. Amgen and its partner UCB said women who took their experimental osteoporosis drug Evenity were more likely to have serious cardiovascular problems than patients who took Fosamax, an older drug. The companies said that was a new safety concern and they no longer expect the Food and Drug Administration to approve Evenity this year. Amgen lost $3.49, or 2.2 percent, to $153.02. Ford replaced CEO Mark Fields as it struggles to keep the traditional parts of its business running smoothly while it tries to remake itself as a nimble, high-tech automaker. In Fields' three years as CEO, popular cars like the Fusion sedan became dated and Ford lagged competitors in bringing long-range electric cars to market. Ford's new CEO is Jim Hackett, who has led Ford's mobility unit for more than a year. Ford added 23 cents, or 2.1 percent, to $11.10. The stock is down 8.5 percent this year. U.S-based Huntsman and Swiss specialty chemicals maker Clariant are merging to create a company with a market value of $13.8 billion. The company will call itself HuntsmanClariant and Clariant shareholders will own 52 percent of the new company. Huntsman stock slid 56 cents, or 2.1 percent, to $26.15 and Clariant stock rose 3.4 percent in Switzerland. Oil prices continued to rally. Benchmark U.S. crude oil added 40 cents to $50.73 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 26 cents to $53.87 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline gained 1 cent to $1.66 a gallon. Heating oil rose 2 cents to $1.60 a gallon. Natural gas climbed 7 cents, or 2.3 percent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold rose $7.80 to $1,261.40 an ounce. Silver jumped 40 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $17.19 an ounce. Copper rose 1 cent to $2.60 a pound. Bond prices moved a bit lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note inched up to 2.25 percent from 2.24 percent. The dollar declined to 111.20 yen from 111.38 yen. The euro rose to $1.1234 from $1.1207. In Britain, the FTSE 100 gained 0.3 percent. The German DAX dipped 0.2 percent and France's CAC lost a fraction of a percentage point. Japan's market rose following strong trade data. The benchmark Nikkei 225 gained 0.5 percent while the South Korean Kospi jumped 0.7 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng surged 0.9 percent. More Business Stocks claw back more lost ground with 4th straight gain Feds say Fiat Chrysler used software to cheat emissions tests Target reaches $18.5 million settlement with states over data breach Obama-era rule on financial advisers to go forward, for now Shareholders go to court seeking to oust Akzo chairman TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Greensburg woman accused of raping foster child 14 charged in Westmoreland County drug sweep Gorman: Penguins miss on chance to clinch  Featured Photography Simulated Jet Crash A curated collection of photojournalism from around the region, nation and world. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Search Wednesday, May 24, 2017 Politics White House Congress Campaigns All Politics Policy Defense / National Security Energy Healthcare Finance / Economy Tech / Cyber Budgets / Spending Courts Foreign All Policy News Opinion Editorials Columnists Contributors Op-Eds Editorial Cartoons All Opinion Magazine Beltway Confidential Washington Secrets Major weapons purchases mostly in line with Obama's original forecast by Jamie McIntyre | May 23, 2017, 5:44 PM Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Email this article Share on LinkedIn The biggest planned outlay is $10.8 billion for 70 F-35 joint strike fighters. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara) The Trump administration's proposed $574.5 billion Defense Department budget for next fiscal year includes money for many big-ticket weapons, including more pricy F-35 fighter jets, but the budget is roughly in line with the procurement plans laid out under the President Obama, according to Pentagon officials. The biggest planned outlay is $10.8 billion for 70 F-35 joint strike fighters. The F-35, built by Lockheed Martin, is the Pentagon's most expensive weapons program ever, and the 2018 budget calls for 46 A-model aircraft for the Air Force; 20 B-models, which can take off and land vertically, for the Marine Corps; and four C-models, equipped with tailhooks, for the Navy. The Navy gets a lion's share of the money for major weapons systems, in part because ships are so much more expensive than planes or vehicles. The budget calls for spending $5.5 billion for two Virginia-class submarines, $4.6 billion for the Gerald R. Ford-class aircraft carrier program, $4 billion for two Arleigh Burke-class Aegis destroyers, and $1.9 billion for the Columbia-class submarine program, which will eventually replace the Ohio-class ballistic submarines, a critical part of the nuclear triad. All purchases are in line with Obama's forecast last year. "For the most part, this continues the momentum building the force as we go forward," said John Roth, acting Pentagon comptroller, who said weapons acquisition could be accelerated once a new national defense strategy is written later this year. "We will figure out what is the appropriate force structure in order to execute the new defense strategy when that's done," Roth said. The Air Force will also begin replacing its aging aerial refueling fleet with a $3.1 billion buy of 15 KC-46 Pegasus tankers built by Boeing, and its request includes $2 billion in R&D funds for the future B-21 Raider long-range bomber, built by Northrop Grumman. The Army's asking for funds to buy 61 Apache attack helicopters at $1.4 billion and 48 Black Hawk helos at $1.1 billion, as well as $1.1 billion for 2,775 joint light tactical vehicles. The Marines would get 6 new V-22 Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft at $1 billion. Defense Industry Jamie McIntyre Defense Budgets and Deficits Navy Economy National Security Marine Corps Air Force Army Barack Obama White House News Share your thoughts with friends. Share with friends. More Washington Examiner 3 hours ago Trump gets new leverage over radical Saudi clerics, Republicans say 8 hours ago FCC will not take action on Stephen Colbert's 'C--k holster' monologue 10 hours ago UK raises terror threat level from 'severe' to 'critical' after Manchester 10 hours ago DHS can't track visa overstays: Government watchdog 10 hours ago How one British Muslim is responding to the Manchester bombing 11 hours ago Trump pushes for new round of military base closures 11 hours ago Missing from Trump's defense budget: Future plans 11 hours ago Trump embraces traditional Middle East allies, breaks with Obama on trip 12 hours ago New study fails to prove that money sways politicians, despite activists' excitement 13 hours ago Police body camera research cut in Trump's Justice Department budget 14 hours ago Trump to meet Vietnam's prime minister in White House next week 14 hours ago "Evil losers:" A timeline of Donald Trump's comments about terrorism 14 hours ago Trump: I'm 'trying hard for peace' in the Middle East Daily on Healthcare: What exit polls can tell us about Trump's budget 15 hours ago John Brennan: Hostility between Putin, Clintons drove Russia's actions 15 hours ago Trump administration asks judge to reconsider 'sanctuary' city injunction About Examiner Magazine Archives Staff Advertise Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Copyright 2017. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved. ×   Close POLITICS POLITICS HOME WHITE HOUSE CONGRESS CAMPAIGNS POLICY POLICY HOME DEFENSE/NATIONAL SECURITY ENERGY HEALTHCARE FINANCE/ECONOMY TECH/CYBER BUDGETS/SPENDING COURTS FOREIGN NEWS OPINION OPINION HOME EDITORIALS COLUMNISTS BYRON YORK SALENA ZITO MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD PHILIP KLEIN KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON TIMOTHY P. CARNEY LISA BOOTHE DANIEL HANNAN W. JAMES ANTLE III DAVID FREDDOSO NOEMIE EMERY CONTRIBUTORS OP-EDS EDITORIAL CARTOONS MAGAZINE MAGAZINE HOME DIGITAL EDITION WASHINGTON SECRETS BELTWAY CONFIDENTIAL ABOUT US NEWSLETTERS
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • World •  Americas U.S. Europe U.K. Asia-Pacific India Australia Africa Middle East One News Page > World > Trump’s Big Saudi Arms Deal Will Cause More Misery for Yemen Trump’s Big Saudi Arms Deal Will Cause More Misery for Yemen Tuesday, 23 May 2017 (13 hours ago) On Monday, the first day of trading since the announcement that Saudi Arabia had agreed to buy a hundred and ten billion dollars in U.S. weaponry, defense stocks jumped. “General Dynamics (GD.N), Raytheon (RTN.N), and Lockheed Martin (LMT.N) all hit record highs before easing to trade up between 0.4 percent and 1.6 percent,” Reuters reported. “Boeing (BA.N) was up 1.3 percent and the second-biggest boost to the Dow.” » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: News Video Online - 3 days ago< > Embed Trump reaps Saudi arms deal, stronger ties 01:22 Under political fire at home, U.S. President Donald Trump sealed a $110 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia on Saturday on his maiden foreign trip as he struggled to shift attention from the aftermath of his firing of the director of the FBI. Rosanna Philpott reports You Might Like Recent related news WRAPUP 1-Under siege in Washington, Trump reaps Saudi arms deal, stronger tiesUnder political fire at home, U. S. President Donald Trump sealed a $110 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia on Saturday on his maiden foreign trip as he... DNA 4 days ago - World Under siege in Washington, Trump reaps Saudi arms deal, stronger tiesUnder political fire at home, U. S. President Donald Trump sealed a $110 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia on Saturday on his maiden foreign trip as he... DNA 4 days ago - World Under siege in Washington, Donald Trump reaps Saudi arms deal, stronger tiesUS President Donald Trump sealed a $110 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia on Saturday on his maiden foreign trip as he struggled to shift attention from the... Zee News 4 days ago - World WRAPUP 2-Under siege in Washington, Trump reaps Saudi arms deal, stronger tiesUnder political fire at home, U. S. President Donald Trump sealed a $110 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia on Saturday on his maiden foreign trip as he... DNA 4 days ago - World After Saudi arms deal, defense shares flyThe sale surpasses the total amount offered during Barack Obama's presidency and appeared to reverse his decision to limit sales of precision-guided munitions... SeattlePI.com 2 days ago - Business How Jared Kushner May Have Helped Secure A Saudi Arms DealWatch VideoPresident Donald Trump is headed to Saudi Arabia, and he's expected to announce a new arms sale that was likely made possible by his... Newsy 5 days ago - WorldAlso reported by •Newsmax Why Is The Trump Administration Rewarding Saudi War Crimes With More Weapons?Authored by Kristine Beckerle op-ed via The Hill, Last October the *Saudi Arabia-led coalition bombed a funeral hall in Yemen’s capital*, Sanaa, killing and... Zero Hedge 3 days ago - Markets After Saudi arms deal, defense shares flyNEW YORK (AP) — Shares of the three major U.S. defense contractors are hitting all-time highs in the first day of trading after President Donald Trump bestowed... Seattle Times 2 days ago - Front Page Other recent news in World Police say Salman Abedi, 22, was suicide bomber in MANCHESTER attack MANCHESTER ATTACK: Salman Abedi named suicide bomber Ariana Grande Manchester concert attack:Soldiers deployed on streets in race to foil second terror attack after threat level raised to 'CRITICAL' Eight-year-old girl among victims of MANCHESTER BOMBING Daily briefing: Manchester bomber ID’d, Trump-RUSSIA and Alibaba Manchester, Trump, ROGER MOORE: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing PHILIPPINES President Duterte declares martial law on Mindanao island Philippines' DUTERTE brings forward meeting with Russia's Putin - Tass Ex-CIA CHIEF Brennan says Trump-Russia inquiry 'well-founded' NewsAlert: Former JAMES BOND star Roger Moore dies after short battle with cancer Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Ariana Grande LeBron James Tom Cruise Robert Mueller Current Topics Manchester Attack Kyrie Irving Top Gun 2 Manchester Victims CIA Chief Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Remembering Roger Moore Manchester Bombing: The UK Adjusts MOVIE REVIEW: Alien: Covenant Which Social Network Brings Us Down The Most? MOVIE REVIEW: King Arthur: Legend of the Sword Ginger Emoji Designs Revealed: Will New Sprites Emerge Next Year? Have Parallel Universes Been Scientifically Proven? Spider-Man Spinoff Lands A Huge Leading Star - But Who Is It? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Wednesday, May 24, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Bombing Suspect Is Named, and Britain Goes on High Alert Assailant Died in Blast That Killed 22 in Manchester By KATRIN BENNHOLD, STEVEN ERLANGER and CEYLAN YEGINSU 9:01 PM ET The suspect was identified as Salman Abedi, a Briton of Libyan descent who lived near the arena. Officials did not comment on an ISIS claim of responsibility. Late Tuesday night, Britain raised its national threat level to critical, its highest, indicating that another attack may be imminent.  Comments 1:21 ‘We Stand Together’ By NEETI UPADHYE Watch: Witnesses Describe the Attack Manchester Arena Photographs taken after the blast showed victims in this public space. Old station building Victoria Station Train tracks How the Manchester Arena Attack Unfolded By ANJALI SINGHVI, LARRY BUCHANAN, SERGIO PEÇANHA and DEREK WATKINS A look in and around the scene of the terror attack. For Young Fans, Ariana Grande Is an Example of a Budding Feminist By JON PARELES and JOE COSCARELLI The pop singer is self-assured, talented and proudly feminine, with a loyal fan base that rallied to her side after the bombing with the hashtag #ThisIsNotYourFaultAriana. Stadiums Can Tighten Security. But What About the Area Around Them? By BEN SISARIO Security experts and music promoters look ahead to what measures can be taken after the concert attack. 8-Year-Old Girl Was Among the Victims 9:30 PM ET A Loud Bang, Silence, Then ‘Loads of Girls Screaming’ Trump Condemns ‘Horrible Morning of Death’ Russia Contacts With Trump Team Worried Ex-C.I.A. Chief By MATT APUZZO 8:58 PM ET During last year’s election, the C.I.A. noticed suspicious contacts between Russian officials and associates of the Trump campaign, John O. Brennan said. The former C.I.A. director’s remarks before the House Intelligence Committee were the fullest public account to date of the origins of an investigation that continues to shadow the Trump administration. Highlights and Analysis From Tuesday’s Testimony Pope Francis and President Trump Meet at Vatican By MARK LANDLER and JASON HOROWITZ 2:39 AM ET It was the first face-to-face meeting of the two leaders, who symbolize starkly different views of the world. Economists Strain to Find Tax Cut Magic That Yields Growth By PATRICIA COHEN and NELSON D. SCHWARTZ President Trump’s budget hews to a longtime Republican premise, but past efforts to enlarge the pie even while slicing it have fallen short of hopes. More News Trump Praises Philippine Leader for Drug Crackdown 10:47 PM ET Moody’s Downgrades China Over Worries About Its Debt 2:30 AM ET More Corporate Sponsors Abandon Puerto Rican Day Parade Trump Administration Split on Troops in Afghanistan Target to Pay $18.5 Million in Security Breach Settlement The Daily 360 2:39 Tires Squeal. She Relaxes. Alexia Webster for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Baltimore-area properties owned by Kushner Companies. Credit Philip Montgomery for The New York Times Jared Kushner’s Other Real Estate Empire Baltimore-area renters complain about a property owner they say is neglectful and litigious. Few know their landlord is the president’s son-in-law. By ALEC MacGILLIS  Comments Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ The latest from President Trump’s trip abroad; the continuing saga of Michael Flynn; and developments after the bombing in Manchester, England. Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Your Wednesday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 1:10 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living Buying a Home? Try Our Mortgage Calculator How to Make Burgers Making a great burger requires a little planning. We’ve assembled all the information and instruction you need. Fox News Retracts Story on Killing of D.N.C. Aide By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM and DANIEL VICTOR 8:57 PM ET The family of Seth Rich objected after the network promoted a theory that Mr. Rich, who was shot in the back in Washington in July, was killed because he shared Democratic National Committee emails with WikiLeaks. Roger Moore | 1927–2017 An Appraisal Sorry, Connery Fans, Roger Moore Was the Best Bond By A.O. SCOTT Baby boomers keep reminding us about Sean Connery, but enough already. And millennials, you just need to listen to us.  Comments Roger Moore, Who Played a Wry James Bond, Dies One-Line Reviews of Roger Moore’s ‘James Bond’ Movies Soaring Prices Lift Broadway to $1.45 Billion Season By MICHAEL PAULSON A demand for shows like “Hamilton” and “Hello, Dolly!” led to surging ticket prices and a revenue record for the recently concluded theatrical season, even as overall attendance slipped a bit. Uber Took Millions From Drivers. Now Comes Payback. By NOAM SCHEIBER 9:04 PM ET The company acknowledged a mistake that led to its New York drivers being shorted by tens of millions of dollars. It has vowed to repay every cent, but a lawsuit contends that the debt may be even more. About New York A Zoning Policy Is Used to Discriminate Against Islam By JIM DWYER Bernards Township, a wealthy suburb in New Jersey, violated the rights of Muslims in denying permission to build a mosque, using parking rules as a cover for intolerance. Morning Briefing: Australia Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Australia. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing: Asia Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Asia. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing: Europe Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Europe. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing The news and stories that matter. Delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. Miles of Ice Collapsing Into the Sea Some scientists fear that West Antarctica’s immense ice sheet may have entered the early stages of an unstoppable disintegration. In Rural Australia, a Generation Gap Widens Over Climate Change The youth wing of a conservative party that represents voters outside the main cities has its own ideas about how to protect a rural lifestyle from the threat posed by climate change. Aldous Harding’s Songs Won’t Be Pinned Down. Nor Will Her Voice. This New Zealand singer’s sets often started with curious audiences and ended with rapt ones. Her first American release, “Party,” arrives on Friday. Review: ‘Tannhäuser’ Is Worth a Trip to Munich The dazzling Kirill Petrenko leads a peerless cast in Wagner’s work at the Bavarian State Opera, in a new staging by Romeo Castellucci. Losing Their Clothes, Finding Themselves A new book and multimedia platform encourage women to shed their hangups about societal norms of beauty. Why I’m Not Reviewing Noma Mexico A chef aims for “the meal of the decade” at a pop-up restaurant in Tulum, Mexico. Pete Wells, The Times’s critic, won’t be there. The Opinion Pages Editorial When Terrorists Target Children The Manchester attack is an effort to stir vengeance so intense as to destroy values.  Comments Manchester’s Resilience By DENISE EVANS Just as the heart of this city beats on, so will its people pull together. United in Grief Monica Lewinsky: Ailes’s Dream Was My Nightmare Frank Bruni This Is Eloquence. Remember That? Mayor Mitch Landrieu of New Orleans just gave a speech on race you need to hear.  Comments Trump’s Nonsensical Budget Brooks: The Alienated Mind Cohen: Trump Discovers Muslims Collins and Stephens: The Warp-Speed Presidency Leonhardt: The Senate’s Health Care Strategy: Shhh! Editorial: Mideast Contradictions User Subscriptions Interviewing Truck Drivers at a Crossroads Pippa Middleton’s Wedding Dress: What Is the Story? Times Insider » Interviewing Truck Drivers at a Crossroads The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Television Review: Perspiration-Free ‘Dirty Dancing’ on ABC Opinion Hey Parents, Surprise, Fruit Juice Is Not Fruit School lunch programs and industry say give the kids a juice box. Pediatricians say no. Style Inside the ‘Hamilton’ Set Designer’s Studio Fashion & Style Mary J. Blige and Al Gore Party at Cannes Opinion The Patient Resilience of Iran’s Reformers Times Insider Watch the Cyan! How The Times Gets Inked Family For a Young Bride, Joy — and Judgment Opinion My Family Didn’t Accept Me. Ole Miss Did. Pro Football N.F.L. Relaxes Celebration Rules Business Day G.I. Joe Had More Than One Father Opinion When the War Came Home Vietnam was a small-scale, intimate tragedy, as one young California mother discovered in 1967. Times Insider Interviewing Truck Drivers at a Crossroads Sections World » Terror Alert in Britain Is Raised to Maximum as ISIS Claims Manchester Attack Despite Security, Concerts Provide ‘Target-Rich’ Environments What Ariana Grande Represents to Her Fans Business Day » Moody’s Downgrades China Over Worries About Its Growing Debt Uber to Repay Millions to Drivers, Who Could Be Owed Far More Economists See Little Magic in Tax Cuts to Promote Growth Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Monica Lewinsky: Roger Ailes’s Dream Was My Nightmare Editorial: President Trump’s Mideast Contradictions David Brooks: The Alienated Mind U.S. » Fighting Trump on Climate, California Becomes a Global Force Cuts to AIDS Treatment Programs Could Cost a Million Lives Proposed Rules Would Allow U.S. to Track and Destroy Drones Technology » Google’s AlphaGo Defeats Chinese Go Master in Win for A.I. Need Mood Lighting to Go With Your Music? Ask Alexa. No App Required. Apple Settles Legal Dispute With Nokia Arts » High Ticket Prices Are Fueling a Broadway Boom Fraught Racial Dynamics in the ‘Bachelorette’ Premiere Review: ABC’s Perspiration-Free ‘Dirty Dancing’ Politics » Trump Praises Duterte for Philippine Drug Crackdown in Call Transcript Republicans, Pushing Aside Trump’s Budget, Find Few Alternatives Trump’s Problematic Math: Budget Plan Adds Growth, but Doesn’t Subtract Cost Fashion & Style » Losing Their Clothes, Finding Themselves Noted: Inside the Studio of David Korins, Set Designer of ‘Hamilton’ Styles Q. and A.: Pedro Winter on Daft Punk and the Paris Party Scene He Defined Movies » Roger Moore, Who Played James Bond 007 Times, Dies at 89 An Appraisal: Roger Moore Was the Best Bond Because He Was the Gen X Bond At Cannes, the Glam and the Grim Mix Uneasily New York » In Times Square Attack, Bollards Stopped One Car. But What About the Next? More Corporate Sponsors Abandon Puerto Rican Day Parade Cuomo Steps Into Transit Fray With Ideas for After ‘Summer of Hell’ Sports » Royals 6, Yankees 2: Royals Rally Past the Yankees’ Imploding Bullpen Cavaliers 112, Celtics 99: Kyrie Irving Scores 42 to Help Cavaliers Rally Past Celtics Mets 9, Padres 3: Harvey Struggles, but Conforto Saves the Day for the Mets Theater » High Ticket Prices Are Fueling a Broadway Boom Review: Money-Hungry Women Scheme for a Better Life in ‘Can You Forgive Her?’ Noted: Inside the Studio of David Korins, Set Designer of ‘Hamilton’ Science » U.S. Nuclear History Offers Clues to North Korea’s Progress Matter: In ‘Enormous Success,’ Scientists Tie 52 Genes to Human Intelligence Some Social Scientists Are Tired of Asking for Permission Obituaries » Roger Moore, Who Played James Bond 007 Times, Dies at 89 Cortez Kennedy, Hall of Fame Defensive Tackle, Dies at 48 Dina Merrill, Actress and Philanthropist, Dies at 93 Television » A New ‘Dirty Dancing,’ and Baby’s Love Story Is Just the Start A ‘Bachelorette’ Bible Review: In ‘Twin Peaks,’ an Old Log Learns Some New Tricks Health » W.H.O. Elects Ethiopia’s Tedros as First Director General From Africa Pediatricians Say No Fruit Juice in Child’s First Year Why Chocolate May Be Good for the Heart Travel » Finding My Florida Pursuits: In the Bars of Berlin, Both the Drinks and Design Are Bracing Surfacing: Five Places to Go in Zagreb Books » Books of The Times: Grayson Perry’s ‘The Descent of Man’: Deconstructing the Masculine Mystique Books of The Times: In ‘Grief Cottage,’ a Ghost and Other Things That Haunt Us Match Book: Dear Match Book: What Should I Read on My Summer Vacation? Education » It Was Hard This Year to Keep Politics Out of High School Yearbooks Bringing the Dream of an Elite College to Rural Students Notre Dame Students Walk Out of Mike Pence Commencement Address Food » Critic's Notebook: Why I’m Not Reviewing Noma Mexico Charcoal or Gas? Depends on What You’re Grilling The Jamaican Beef Patty Extends Its Reach Sunday Review » News Analysis: Will the Presidency Survive This President? Editorial: Watergate? We’re Not There Yet Frank Bruni: A Prayer for Donald Trump Real Estate » Return of the S.R.O., With a Twist They Could Buy, but Why? Meet the High-Renters The High End: A Rental Building With a Hip Hotel Bar Vibe The Upshot » Market Value: Angry Over Zillow’s Home Prices? A Prize Is Offered for Improving Them Urban Studies: Seattle Climbs but Austin Sprawls: The Myth of the Return to Cities The New Health Care: As Pollen Counts Rise, Test Scores Fall Magazine » Feature: Jared Kushner’s Other Real Estate Empire Feature: Is It Possible to Resist Deportation in Trump’s America? First Words: Can Anyone Be Truly ‘Independent’ In Today’s Polarized Politics? Automobiles » Ford, Trudging Into the Future, Ousts Mark Fields as C.E.O. Jim Hackett, Ford’s New C.E.O., Has a History of Turnaround Stories Driven: Video Review: A Quieter and More Refined Mazda CX-5 T Magazine » 48 Hours: In Dallas With One of Fashion’s Most Innovative Designers The ’60s Photographer Who Captured the Street in Vivid Color On the Verge: Brand to Know: The Line That Focuses Only on Shirting Times Insider » Watch the Cyan! How The New York Times Gets Inked New York, June 4: Live Event: Take a Tour of Citi Field With a New York Times Sports Reporter What We’re Reading Real Estate » 360 View New York City Landlords Are Offering Deals By RONDA KAYSEN As the inventory of new rentals grows, discounts and concessions have gotten better, with some landlords asking as little as $500 for a deposit.  Comments Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Mortgage Calculator Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi New Horizons Announces the Nation's First NIST Cybersecurity Framework (NCSF) Workforce Development Program Program Built By itSM Solutions and UMass Lowell Directly Addresses the NCSF Mandates Listed in the Recent Cybersecurity Executive Order News provided by NH Learning Solutions Corporation 23 May, 2017, 10:00 ET Share this article LIVONIA, Mich., May 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- NH Learning Solutions Corporation, a network of 16 New Horizons Computer Learning Centers across 10 Midwestern and Northeastern states, has announced that in partnership with UMass Lowell and itSM Solutions LLC, they will offer a new workforce training program focused on cybersecurity called the NIST Cybersecurity Framework (NCSF) training program. Together, NH Learning Solutions, itSM, and UMass are working closely to help businesses — both large and small — acquire the knowledge, skills, and abilities to implement the NIST Cybersecurity Framework across a company and its supply chain. Last year, the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) and Department of Homeland Security designated UMass Lowell a "National Center of Academic Excellence in Cyber Defense Research," or CAE-R, in recognition of the university's intensive cyber-security research and academic programs. The NCSF training program is based on the cybersecurity framework issued by the U.S. Department of Commerce's National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) in response to a 2013 executive order issued by then-President Barack Obama to protect the nation's most critically important technology infrastructure that, if incapacitated or destroyed, would have a debilitating effect on national security, the U.S. economy, public health, and safety. "The NCSF program fits in perfectly with our already robust catalog of security solutions," said Mark McManus, President and CEO of NH Learning Solutions. "An easy to understand security framework will allow our customers to better protect themselves as malware and other cyber threats continue to rise."   Two training options are available through NH Learning Solutions Corp: The NCSF Foundation Certification Course. This course outlines current cybersecurity challenges and explains how organizations that implement an NCSF program can mitigate these risks. This program is focused on candidates who need a basic understanding of the NCSF to perform their daily jobs as executives, accountants, lawyers or information technology professionals.  The NCSF Practitioner Certification Course. This program is focused on candidates who need a detailed understanding of the NCSF to perform their daily roles as cybersecurity engineers, testers or operations professionals. All programs come with a certificate of completion and continuing education credits, such as PDU and CEUs.  Students who successfully complete the certification and meet university requirements may transfer credits and enroll in one of UMass Lowell's master's degree programs in information technology, such as network security or cybersecurity. Professionals who are interested in enrolling in either course are encouraged to visit nhls.com/NCSF. With dozens of follow up training courses spanning multiple disciplines of Cyber Security, NH Learning Solutions is uniquely positioned to assist businesses of any size apply the NCSF. About NH Learning Solutions Corporation NH Learning Solutions Corporation owns and operates 16 New Horizons locations throughout the Great Lakes and Northeast regions of the United States. NH Learning Solutions Corporation is the leading provider of IT, Desktop Applications, Project Management and Business Skills training courses. As a learning solutions provider for many of the industry's top vendors, such as Microsoft, VMware and Cisco, NH Learning Solutions Corporation is positioned to offer the latest authorized classes delivered by certified instructors to keep you on the cutting edge of information technology. www.nhls.com Media Contact Brian Zibricky, Vice President of Marketing, NH Learning Solutions Corp. Phone: 312-676-3984 Email: brian.zibricky@nhls.com About itSM Solutions itSM Solutions LLC is an accredited content development company specializing in the creation of print, digital book and self-paced video training solutions for Cybersecurity, Information Technology (IT), Programming, IT Service Management, IT Project Management and Business Management professionals. itSM's career pathway training programs lead to a professional diploma, certification or degree and have been adopted by the who's who of industry including HPE, Microsoft, Disney, Cisco, IRS, Navy, Lowes, Staples, Genzyme, Boeing, Intel, Molina Healthcare and many others. www.itsmsolutions.com About UMass Lowell UMass Lowell is a national research university located on a high-energy campus in the heart of a global community. The university offers its more than 17,750 students bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees in business, education, engineering, fine arts, health, humanities, sciences and social sciences. UMass Lowell delivers high-quality educational programs, vigorous hands-on learning and personal attention from leading faculty and staff, all of which prepare graduates to be ready for work, for life and for all the world offers. www.uml.edu To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-horizons-announces-the-nations-first-nist-cybersecurity-framework-ncsf-workforce-development-program-300462200.html SOURCE NH Learning Solutions Corporation Related Links http://www.nhls.com 14 Mar, 2016, 10:00 ET Preview: NH Learning Solutions Launches NHGO NOW My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: New Horizons Announces the Nation's First NIST Cybersecurity Framework (NCSF) Workforce Development Program News provided by NH Learning Solutions Corporation 23 May, 2017, 10:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman New Horizons Announces the Nation’s First NIST Cybersecurity Framework (NCSF) Workforce Development Program LIVONIA, Mich., May 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — NH Learning Solutions Corporation, a network of 16 New Horizons Computer Learning Centers across 10 Midwestern and Northeastern states, has announced that in partnership with UMass Lowell and itSM Solutions LLC, they will offer a new workforce training program focused on cybersecurity called the NIST Cybersecurity Framework (NCSF) training program. Together, NH Learning Solutions, itSM, and UMass are working closely to help businesses — both large and small — acquire the knowledge, skills, and abilities to implement the NIST Cybersecurity Framework across a company and its supply chain. Last year, the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) and Department of Homeland Security designated UMass Lowell a „National Center of Academic Excellence in Cyber Defense Research,” or CAE-R, in recognition of the university’s intensive cyber-security research and academic programs. The NCSF training program is based on the cybersecurity framework issued by the U.S. Department of Commerce’s National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) in response to a 2013 executive order issued by then-President Barack Obama to protect the nation’s most critically important technology infrastructure that, if incapacitated or destroyed, would have a debilitating effect on national security, the U.S. economy, public health, and safety. „The NCSF program fits in perfectly with our already robust catalog of security solutions,” said Mark McManus, President and CEO of NH Learning Solutions. „An easy to understand security framework will allow our customers to better protect themselves as malware and other cyber threats continue to rise.”   Two training options are available through NH Learning Solutions Corp: The NCSF Foundation Certification Course. This course outlines current cybersecurity challenges and explains how organizations that implement an NCSF program can mitigate these risks. This program is focused on candidates who need a basic understanding of the NCSF to perform their daily jobs as executives, accountants, lawyers or information technology professionals.  The NCSF Practitioner Certification Course. This program is focused on candidates who need a detailed understanding of the NCSF to perform their daily roles as cybersecurity engineers, testers or operations professionals. All programs come with a certificate of completion and continuing education credits, such as PDU and CEUs.  Students who successfully complete the certification and meet university requirements may transfer credits and enroll in one of UMass Lowell’s master’s degree programs in information technology, such as network security or cybersecurity. Professionals who are interested in enrolling in either course are encouraged to visit nhls.com/NCSF. With dozens of follow up training courses spanning multiple disciplines of Cyber Security, NH Learning Solutions is uniquely positioned to assist businesses of any size apply the NCSF. About NH Learning Solutions Corporation NH Learning Solutions Corporation owns and operates 16 New Horizons locations throughout the Great Lakes and Northeast regions of the United States. NH Learning Solutions Corporation is the leading provider of IT, Desktop Applications, Project Management and Business Skills training courses. As a learning solutions provider for many of the industry’s top vendors, such as Microsoft, VMware and Cisco, NH Learning Solutions Corporation is positioned to offer the latest authorized classes delivered by certified instructors to keep you on the cutting edge of information technology. www.nhls.com Media Contact Brian Zibricky, Vice President of Marketing, NH Learning Solutions Corp. Phone: 312-676-3984 Email: brian.zibricky@nhls.com About itSM Solutions itSM Solutions LLC is an accredited content development company specializing in the creation of print, digital book and self-paced video training solutions for Cybersecurity, Information Technology (IT), Programming, IT Service Management, IT Project Management and Business Management professionals. itSM’s career pathway training programs lead to a professional diploma, certification or degree and have been adopted by the who’s who of industry including HPE, Microsoft, Disney, Cisco, IRS, Navy, Lowes, Staples, Genzyme, Boeing, Intel, Molina Healthcare and many others. www.itsmsolutions.com About UMass Lowell UMass Lowell is a national research university located on a high-energy campus in the heart of a global community. The university offers its more than 17,750 students bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degrees in business, education, engineering, fine arts, health, humanities, sciences and social sciences. UMass Lowell delivers high-quality educational programs, vigorous hands-on learning and personal attention from leading faculty and staff, all of which prepare graduates to be ready for work, for life and for all the world offers. www.uml.edu SOURCE NH Learning Solutions Corporation CategoriesUncategorized TagsContracts, New Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Study Finds Millennials Are Investing Less and Saving More than Previous Generations Next PostNext Vapor Deposition Market is Expected to Grow at USD 30.94 Billion by 2023 Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman New Horizons Announces the Nation’s First NIST Cybersecurity Framework (NCSF) Workforce Development Program LIVONIA, Mich., May 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — NH Learning Solutions Corporation, a network of 16 New Horizons Computer Learning Centers across 10 Midwestern and Northeastern states, has announced that in partnership with UMass Lowell and itSM Solutions LLC, they will offer a new workforce training program focused on cybersecurity called the NIST Cybersecurity Framework (NCSF) training program. Together, NH Learning Solutions, itSM, and UMass are working closely to help businesses — both large and small — acquire the knowledge, skills, and abilities to implement the NIST Cybersecurity Framework across a company and its supply chain. Last year, the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) and Department of Homeland Security designated UMass Lowell a „National Center of Academic Excellence in Cyber Defense Research,” or CAE-R, in recognition of the university’s intensive cyber-security research and academic programs. The NCSF training program is based on the cybersecurity framework issued by the U.S. Department of Commerce’s National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) in response to a 2013 executive order issued by then-President Barack Obama to protect the nation’s most critically important technology infrastructure that, if incapacitated or destroyed, would have a debilitating effect on national security, the U.S. economy, public health, and safety. „The NCSF program fits in perfectly with our already robust catalog of security solutions,” said Mark McManus, President and CEO of NH Learning Solutions. „An easy to understand security framework will allow our customers to better protect themselves as malware and other cyber threats continue to rise.”   Two training options are available through NH Learning Solutions Corp: The NCSF Foundation Certification Course. This course outlines current cybersecurity challenges and explains how organizations that implement an NCSF program can mitigate these risks. This program is focused on candidates who need a basic understanding of the NCSF to perform their daily jobs as executives, accountants, lawyers or information technology professionals.  The NCSF Practitioner Certification Course. This program is focused on candidates who need a detailed understanding of the NCSF to perform their daily roles as cybersecurity engineers, testers or operations professionals. All programs come with a certificate of completion and continuing education credits, such as PDU and CEUs.  Students who successfully complete the certification and meet university requirements may transfer credits and enroll in one of UMass Lowell’s master’s degree programs in information technology, such as network security or cybersecurity. Professionals who are interested in enrolling in either course are encouraged to visit nhls.com/NCSF. With dozens of follow up training courses spanning multiple disciplines of Cyber Security, NH Learning Solutions is uniquely positioned to assist businesses of any size apply the NCSF. About NH Learning Solutions Corporation NH Learning Solutions Corporation owns and operates 16 New Horizons locations throughout the Great Lakes and Northeast regions of the United States. NH Learning Solutions Corporation is the leading provider of IT, Desktop Applications, Project Management and Business Skills training courses. As a learning solutions provider for many of the industry’s top vendors, such as Microsoft, VMware and Cisco, NH Learning Solutions Corporation is positioned to offer the latest authorized classes delivered by certified instructors to keep you on the cutting edge of information technology. www.nhls.com Media Contact Brian Zibricky, Vice President of Marketing, NH Learning Solutions Corp. Phone: 312-676-3984 Email: brian.zibricky@nhls.com About itSM Solutions itSM Solutions LLC is an accredited content development company specializing in the creation of print, digital book and self-paced video training solutions for Cybersecurity, Information Technology (IT), Programming, IT Service Management, IT Project Management and Business Management professionals. itSM’s career pathway training programs lead to a professional diploma, certification or degree and have been adopted by the who’s who of industry including HPE, Microsoft, Disney, Cisco, IRS, Navy, Lowes, Staples, Genzyme, Boeing, Intel, Molina Healthcare and many others. www.itsmsolutions.com About UMass Lowell UMass Lowell is a national research university located on a high-energy campus in the heart of a global community. The university offers its more than 17,750 students bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degrees in business, education, engineering, fine arts, health, humanities, sciences and social sciences. UMass Lowell delivers high-quality educational programs, vigorous hands-on learning and personal attention from leading faculty and staff, all of which prepare graduates to be ready for work, for life and for all the world offers. www.uml.edu SOURCE NH Learning Solutions Corporation CategoriesUncategorized TagsContracts, New Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Study Finds Millennials Are Investing Less and Saving More than Previous Generations Next PostNext Vapor Deposition Market is Expected to Grow at USD 30.94 Billion by 2023 Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman New Horizons Announces the Nation’s First NIST Cybersecurity Framework (NCSF) Workforce Development Program LIVONIA, Mich., May 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — NH Learning Solutions Corporation, a network of 16 New Horizons Computer Learning Centers across 10 Midwestern and Northeastern states, has announced that in partnership with UMass Lowell and itSM Solutions LLC, they will offer a new workforce training program focused on cybersecurity called the NIST Cybersecurity Framework (NCSF) training program. Together, NH Learning Solutions, itSM, and UMass are working closely to help businesses — both large and small — acquire the knowledge, skills, and abilities to implement the NIST Cybersecurity Framework across a company and its supply chain. Last year, the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) and Department of Homeland Security designated UMass Lowell a „National Center of Academic Excellence in Cyber Defense Research,” or CAE-R, in recognition of the university’s intensive cyber-security research and academic programs. The NCSF training program is based on the cybersecurity framework issued by the U.S. Department of Commerce’s National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) in response to a 2013 executive order issued by then-President Barack Obama to protect the nation’s most critically important technology infrastructure that, if incapacitated or destroyed, would have a debilitating effect on national security, the U.S. economy, public health, and safety. „The NCSF program fits in perfectly with our already robust catalog of security solutions,” said Mark McManus, President and CEO of NH Learning Solutions. „An easy to understand security framework will allow our customers to better protect themselves as malware and other cyber threats continue to rise.”   Two training options are available through NH Learning Solutions Corp: The NCSF Foundation Certification Course. This course outlines current cybersecurity challenges and explains how organizations that implement an NCSF program can mitigate these risks. This program is focused on candidates who need a basic understanding of the NCSF to perform their daily jobs as executives, accountants, lawyers or information technology professionals.  The NCSF Practitioner Certification Course. This program is focused on candidates who need a detailed understanding of the NCSF to perform their daily roles as cybersecurity engineers, testers or operations professionals. All programs come with a certificate of completion and continuing education credits, such as PDU and CEUs.  Students who successfully complete the certification and meet university requirements may transfer credits and enroll in one of UMass Lowell’s master’s degree programs in information technology, such as network security or cybersecurity. Professionals who are interested in enrolling in either course are encouraged to visit nhls.com/NCSF. With dozens of follow up training courses spanning multiple disciplines of Cyber Security, NH Learning Solutions is uniquely positioned to assist businesses of any size apply the NCSF. About NH Learning Solutions Corporation NH Learning Solutions Corporation owns and operates 16 New Horizons locations throughout the Great Lakes and Northeast regions of the United States. NH Learning Solutions Corporation is the leading provider of IT, Desktop Applications, Project Management and Business Skills training courses. As a learning solutions provider for many of the industry’s top vendors, such as Microsoft, VMware and Cisco, NH Learning Solutions Corporation is positioned to offer the latest authorized classes delivered by certified instructors to keep you on the cutting edge of information technology. www.nhls.com Media Contact Brian Zibricky, Vice President of Marketing, NH Learning Solutions Corp. Phone: 312-676-3984 Email: brian.zibricky@nhls.com About itSM Solutions itSM Solutions LLC is an accredited content development company specializing in the creation of print, digital book and self-paced video training solutions for Cybersecurity, Information Technology (IT), Programming, IT Service Management, IT Project Management and Business Management professionals. itSM’s career pathway training programs lead to a professional diploma, certification or degree and have been adopted by the who’s who of industry including HPE, Microsoft, Disney, Cisco, IRS, Navy, Lowes, Staples, Genzyme, Boeing, Intel, Molina Healthcare and many others. www.itsmsolutions.com About UMass Lowell UMass Lowell is a national research university located on a high-energy campus in the heart of a global community. The university offers its more than 17,750 students bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degrees in business, education, engineering, fine arts, health, humanities, sciences and social sciences. UMass Lowell delivers high-quality educational programs, vigorous hands-on learning and personal attention from leading faculty and staff, all of which prepare graduates to be ready for work, for life and for all the world offers. www.uml.edu SOURCE NH Learning Solutions Corporation CategoriesUncategorized TagsContracts, New Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Study Finds Millennials Are Investing Less and Saving More than Previous Generations Next PostNext Vapor Deposition Market is Expected to Grow at USD 30.94 Billion by 2023 Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman New Horizons Announces the Nation’s First NIST Cybersecurity Framework (NCSF) Workforce Development Program LIVONIA, Mich., May 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — NH Learning Solutions Corporation, a network of 16 New Horizons Computer Learning Centers across 10 Midwestern and Northeastern states, has announced that in partnership with UMass Lowell and itSM Solutions LLC, they will offer a new workforce training program focused on cybersecurity called the NIST Cybersecurity Framework (NCSF) training program. Together, NH Learning Solutions, itSM, and UMass are working closely to help businesses — both large and small — acquire the knowledge, skills, and abilities to implement the NIST Cybersecurity Framework across a company and its supply chain. Last year, the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) and Department of Homeland Security designated UMass Lowell a „National Center of Academic Excellence in Cyber Defense Research,” or CAE-R, in recognition of the university’s intensive cyber-security research and academic programs. The NCSF training program is based on the cybersecurity framework issued by the U.S. Department of Commerce’s National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) in response to a 2013 executive order issued by then-President Barack Obama to protect the nation’s most critically important technology infrastructure that, if incapacitated or destroyed, would have a debilitating effect on national security, the U.S. economy, public health, and safety. „The NCSF program fits in perfectly with our already robust catalog of security solutions,” said Mark McManus, President and CEO of NH Learning Solutions. „An easy to understand security framework will allow our customers to better protect themselves as malware and other cyber threats continue to rise.”   Two training options are available through NH Learning Solutions Corp: The NCSF Foundation Certification Course. This course outlines current cybersecurity challenges and explains how organizations that implement an NCSF program can mitigate these risks. This program is focused on candidates who need a basic understanding of the NCSF to perform their daily jobs as executives, accountants, lawyers or information technology professionals.  The NCSF Practitioner Certification Course. This program is focused on candidates who need a detailed understanding of the NCSF to perform their daily roles as cybersecurity engineers, testers or operations professionals. All programs come with a certificate of completion and continuing education credits, such as PDU and CEUs.  Students who successfully complete the certification and meet university requirements may transfer credits and enroll in one of UMass Lowell’s master’s degree programs in information technology, such as network security or cybersecurity. Professionals who are interested in enrolling in either course are encouraged to visit nhls.com/NCSF. With dozens of follow up training courses spanning multiple disciplines of Cyber Security, NH Learning Solutions is uniquely positioned to assist businesses of any size apply the NCSF. About NH Learning Solutions Corporation NH Learning Solutions Corporation owns and operates 16 New Horizons locations throughout the Great Lakes and Northeast regions of the United States. NH Learning Solutions Corporation is the leading provider of IT, Desktop Applications, Project Management and Business Skills training courses. As a learning solutions provider for many of the industry’s top vendors, such as Microsoft, VMware and Cisco, NH Learning Solutions Corporation is positioned to offer the latest authorized classes delivered by certified instructors to keep you on the cutting edge of information technology. www.nhls.com Media Contact Brian Zibricky, Vice President of Marketing, NH Learning Solutions Corp. Phone: 312-676-3984 Email: brian.zibricky@nhls.com About itSM Solutions itSM Solutions LLC is an accredited content development company specializing in the creation of print, digital book and self-paced video training solutions for Cybersecurity, Information Technology (IT), Programming, IT Service Management, IT Project Management and Business Management professionals. itSM’s career pathway training programs lead to a professional diploma, certification or degree and have been adopted by the who’s who of industry including HPE, Microsoft, Disney, Cisco, IRS, Navy, Lowes, Staples, Genzyme, Boeing, Intel, Molina Healthcare and many others. www.itsmsolutions.com About UMass Lowell UMass Lowell is a national research university located on a high-energy campus in the heart of a global community. The university offers its more than 17,750 students bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degrees in business, education, engineering, fine arts, health, humanities, sciences and social sciences. UMass Lowell delivers high-quality educational programs, vigorous hands-on learning and personal attention from leading faculty and staff, all of which prepare graduates to be ready for work, for life and for all the world offers. www.uml.edu SOURCE NH Learning Solutions Corporation CategoriesUncategorized TagsContracts, New Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Study Finds Millennials Are Investing Less and Saving More than Previous Generations Next PostNext Vapor Deposition Market is Expected to Grow at USD 30.94 Billion by 2023 Posted on 23 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman New Horizons Announces the Nation’s First NIST Cybersecurity Framework (NCSF) Workforce Development Program LIVONIA, Mich., May 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — NH Learning Solutions Corporation, a network of 16 New Horizons Computer Learning Centers across 10 Midwestern and Northeastern states, has announced that in partnership with UMass Lowell and itSM Solutions LLC, they will offer a new workforce training program focused on cybersecurity called the NIST Cybersecurity Framework (NCSF) training program. Together, NH Learning Solutions, itSM, and UMass are working closely to help businesses — both large and small — acquire the knowledge, skills, and abilities to implement the NIST Cybersecurity Framework across a company and its supply chain. Last year, the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) and Department of Homeland Security designated UMass Lowell a „National Center of Academic Excellence in Cyber Defense Research,” or CAE-R, in recognition of the university’s intensive cyber-security research and academic programs. The NCSF training program is based on the cybersecurity framework issued by the U.S. Department of Commerce’s National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) in response to a 2013 executive order issued by then-President Barack Obama to protect the nation’s most critically important technology infrastructure that, if incapacitated or destroyed, would have a debilitating effect on national security, the U.S. economy, public health, and safety. „The NCSF program fits in perfectly with our already robust catalog of security solutions,” said Mark McManus, President and CEO of NH Learning Solutions. „An easy to understand security framework will allow our customers to better protect themselves as malware and other cyber threats continue to rise.”   Two training options are available through NH Learning Solutions Corp: The NCSF Foundation Certification Course. This course outlines current cybersecurity challenges and explains how organizations that implement an NCSF program can mitigate these risks. This program is focused on candidates who need a basic understanding of the NCSF to perform their daily jobs as executives, accountants, lawyers or information technology professionals.  The NCSF Practitioner Certification Course. This program is focused on candidates who need a detailed understanding of the NCSF to perform their daily roles as cybersecurity engineers, testers or operations professionals. All programs come with a certificate of completion and continuing education credits, such as PDU and CEUs.  Students who successfully complete the certification and meet university requirements may transfer credits and enroll in one of UMass Lowell’s master’s degree programs in information technology, such as network security or cybersecurity. Professionals who are interested in enrolling in either course are encouraged to visit nhls.com/NCSF. With dozens of follow up training courses spanning multiple disciplines of Cyber Security, NH Learning Solutions is uniquely positioned to assist businesses of any size apply the NCSF. About NH Learning Solutions Corporation NH Learning Solutions Corporation owns and operates 16 New Horizons locations throughout the Great Lakes and Northeast regions of the United States. NH Learning Solutions Corporation is the leading provider of IT, Desktop Applications, Project Management and Business Skills training courses. As a learning solutions provider for many of the industry’s top vendors, such as Microsoft, VMware and Cisco, NH Learning Solutions Corporation is positioned to offer the latest authorized classes delivered by certified instructors to keep you on the cutting edge of information technology. www.nhls.com Media Contact Brian Zibricky, Vice President of Marketing, NH Learning Solutions Corp. Phone: 312-676-3984 Email: brian.zibricky@nhls.com About itSM Solutions itSM Solutions LLC is an accredited content development company specializing in the creation of print, digital book and self-paced video training solutions for Cybersecurity, Information Technology (IT), Programming, IT Service Management, IT Project Management and Business Management professionals. itSM’s career pathway training programs lead to a professional diploma, certification or degree and have been adopted by the who’s who of industry including HPE, Microsoft, Disney, Cisco, IRS, Navy, Lowes, Staples, Genzyme, Boeing, Intel, Molina Healthcare and many others. www.itsmsolutions.com About UMass Lowell UMass Lowell is a national research university located on a high-energy campus in the heart of a global community. The university offers its more than 17,750 students bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degrees in business, education, engineering, fine arts, health, humanities, sciences and social sciences. UMass Lowell delivers high-quality educational programs, vigorous hands-on learning and personal attention from leading faculty and staff, all of which prepare graduates to be ready for work, for life and for all the world offers. www.uml.edu SOURCE NH Learning Solutions Corporation CategoriesUncategorized TagsContracts, New Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Study Finds Millennials Are Investing Less and Saving More than Previous Generations Next PostNext Vapor Deposition Market is Expected to Grow at USD 30.94 Billion by 2023 Search Recent Posts Global Sodium Sulfate Industry Size and Market Estimated to Increase with Growing CAGR from 2017 to 2022 Global Carbon Dioxide Analyzers Market 2017- Nuvair, ELTRA , Thermo Fisher Scientific, Nova Gas, Viasensor 2017-2022: Menthol Industry and Global Market Anticipated Growing with a Strong CAGR Global Carbon Fiber Reinforced Thermoplastic Composites (CFRTP) Market 2017- DowAksa , Toray Industries , SGL Group , Hexcel Corporation, Cytec Solvay Group Global Data Telecom Connectors Market 2017- Adam Tech , ASSMANN WSW Components , Halo Electronics , TE Connectivity Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Arts and Entertainment Sports Investigators New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos Report-It Recaps On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment News 8 Community Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 56° F Clear Hi: 72° F Lo: 54° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Arts and Entertainment Sports Investigators New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: cruisin' connecticut News 8 is Working for Connecticut nyberg stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Connecticut venues react to Manchester terror attack May 23, 2017 Tonight’s Bridgeport Bluefish game began with a moment of silence to honor the people killed on Monday at a concert in Manchester, England. … New Haven man gets 2 years for gun possession May 23, 2017 A New Haven man was sentenced today in a New Haven courtroom, for illegally owning a gun. New concerns over Zika, West Nile after mosquito survives winter May 23, 2017 Cheshire woman who hit and killed teen won’t spend time in jail May 23, 2017 Catching up with ‘Bogey’: How Bristol’s Mike Boguslawski became a local TV legend May 23, 2017 Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 56° F Clear Feels Like: 56° F Wind: NE 3 Humidity: 90% Dewpoint: 53° F Sunrise: 5:26 AM Sunset: 8:10 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos Report-It Recaps On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment News 8 Community Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 56° F Clear Hi: 72° F Lo: 54° F Deal between U.S. and Saudi Arabia could bring Connecticut jobs By Bob Wilson Published: May 22, 2017, 10:22 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (WTNH)–The Sikorsky workforce in Connecticut is about to get bigger. Whether you love him or hate him, President Donald Trump has helped Lockheed Martin and Saudi Arabia ink a $28 billion deal. “This is one of the things that having a business president like Donald Trump is actually very good for,” said University of St. Joseph business professor Eric Chen. Chen says the deal is an order of 150 Blackhawk helicopters made in Connecticut. Lockeed said this order will add 450 long-term jobs in Connecticut. “You don’t have 150 helicopter sitting out there in the desert ready to ship tomorrow,” Chen said. “These things take time to build and put together, so typically these deals are multi-year deals.” Lockheed Martin says other products, including defense systems, ships and radar technologies, will be sent to Saudi Arabia. All of that could mean about 18,000 jobs in the United States. “Remember, this is not just Lockheed that will benefit from this. It’s suggested Boeing may benefit, and other companies as well,” Chen said. While the deal has been signed, there is no word on when Sikorsky will actually start building the helicopters. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Trump urges Mideast nations to drive out ‘Islamic extremism’ The Latest: Trump asks Mideast to extinguish extremism Analysis: In Mideast, Trump pushes shared worries over Iran Trump signs executive order to ease restrictions on religious participation in politics Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 1998-2017 wtnh.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Golf Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines Ford replaces CEO in push to transform business The Associated Press | Monday, May 22, 2017, 6:36 a.m. In this April 12, 2017 file photo, Ford Motor Co. President and CEO Mark Fields speaks during a media preview of the 2018 Lincoln Navigator at the New York International Auto Show in New York. Ford is replacing its CEO amid questions about its current performance and future strategy, a person familiar with the situation has said. Fields will be replaced by Jim Hackett, who joined Ford’s board in 2013. This undated photo provided by Ford Motor Co. shows Jim Hackett, chairman of Ford Smart Mobility LLC, a subsidiary of Ford Motor Co. He was named to the position March 10, 2016. Ford is replacing its CEO amid questions about its current performance and future strategy, a person familiar with the situation has said. Mark Fields will be replaced by Hackett, who joined Ford's board in 2013. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Ford is replacing CEO Mark Fields as it struggles to keep its traditional auto-manufacturing business running smoothly while remaking itself as a nimble, high-tech provider of new mobility services. Jim Hackett, who headed Ford Smart Mobility, LLC since the subsidiary formed in March 2016 to explore emerging transportation technologies, will take over for Fields. Fields said he is retiring after 28 years with Ford and three years as its CEO. Under Fields, Ford began a transition from a traditional automaker into a “mobility” company, laying out plans to build autonomous vehicles and explore new services such as ride-hailing and car-sharing. Ford made investments in new mobility companies and announced it would have a self-driving shuttle on the road by 2021, but its efforts haven't swayed investors. Hackett is confident he can placate Wall Street. “The way that that gets fixed is the nature of the innovation and the ideas making their way into the market,” Hackett said. “It even sounds a little corny but the stock price is a consequence of the actions we're going to take to make the company more fit, more profitable and a more fun place to work.” Ford announced in February it was investing $1 billion over five years in Argo AI to help the automaker develop self-driving technologies. Argo AI is headed by a quartet of former Carnegie Mellon University researchers and has its headquarters in Pittsburgh's Strip District. Commercializing, not designing, developing or manufacturing, autonomous vehicles was part of Ford Smart Mobility's responsibility. Monday's announcement will not change Ford's relationship with Argo, said Alan Hall, a company spokesman. RELATED: Corporate investments in Pittsburgh startups hit 5-year high Hackett as CEO doesn't signal a change in strategy for Ford but rather a commitment to its pursuit of innovative mobility products and a focus on execution, said Sam Abuelsamid, a senior research analyst at Navigant Research , which last month published a report that named Ford as the leader in the race to develop autonomous vehicles. “Nothing that happened today changes any of that,” Abuelsamid said about Ford's place among the companies trying to put autonomous vehicles on the road. “But it does reinforce the company's commitment to moving in that direction. If Hackett succeeds in his focus on execution, that should help Ford meet the aggressive timelines it has set for itself. If the financial markets were at all concerned about Ford's commitment to mobility this should assuage those fears and perhaps instill some confidence in the ultimate success.” Hackett said he wants Ford to make decisions faster, and will put a smaller group of top executives at the table to make sure that can happen. “That frees teams of people that are below the top executives to really fly,” Hackett said. Hackett is the former CEO of Steelcase Inc., one of the world's largest office furniture companies. He is credited with transforming that company, in part by predicting the shift away from cubicles and into open office plans. But he first had to cut thousands of jobs and moved furniture production from the U.S. to Mexico to stem massive losses at the company. Ford Motor Co. Executive Chairman Bill Ford said in an interview that Hackett is the right person to lead Ford as it expands into new business areas, like making self-driving shuttles, because he's a “visionary” who knows how to remake a business. Car companies are facing increasing competition from Google, Uber and others as they try to plot their next moves. “These are really unparalleled times, and it really requires transformational leadership during these times,” Bill Ford said. Hackett also served as the interim athletic director at the University of Michigan from 2014 to 2016. In that role, he lured star football coach Jim Harbaugh. Under Fields, Ford achieved a record pretax profit of $10.8 billion in 2015 as SUV and truck sales soared in the U.S. But there were rumblings that Fields wasn't focused enough on Ford's core business, as popular products like the Fusion sedan grew dated and Ford lagged behind rivals in bringing long-range electric cars to the market. The stock price sagged, and electric car maker Tesla Inc. even passed Ford in market value. Ford's stock price has fallen almost 40 percent since Fields became CEO in July 2014. Bill Ford insisted that Fields wasn't fired. He called Fields “an outstanding leader” who orchestrated the company's turnaround a decade ago when he was head of Ford's Americas division. “He and I sat down Friday and really decided this was the right time for him to go and for us to have new leadership,” Bill Ford said. “People can speculate all they want about that. But the fact is, he is (retiring), and I feel we've got a great leader in Jim.” Fields resurrected Ford's luxury Lincoln brand and grew sales in China. His bet on using aluminum for Ford's trucks paid off in terms of better fuel economy and strong sales. Fields opened an office in Silicon Valley to hire talented young researchers and scout out promising startups. But investors worried about Ford's sliding U.S. market share and product decisions. Ford's U.S. sales are down this year in part because it doesn't have offerings in popular segments like subcompact SUVs and midsize pickups. Ford continues to make small cars even though they're unprofitable and not in demand as buyers around the world gravitate to SUVs. And Ford hasn't kept up with rivals in the electric car market. General Motors' Chevrolet Bolt electric car, with 238 miles of range, went on sale last year; Ford is working on an electric SUV with 300 miles of range, but it's not due out until 2020. Meanwhile, Mary Barra — who became GM's CEO about six months before Fields became Ford's — has made a series of headline-grabbing moves, such as forming a partnership with the ride-hailing company Lyft and pulling GM out of unprofitable markets, including Europe, India and South Africa. Still, GM faces unhappy investors of its own with its stock slightly below the $33 initial public offering price from November 2010. Hackett and Bill Ford said they also want to modernize Ford's business processes by taking advantage of things like 3D printing, big data and artificial intelligence. Fields also had the tough job of following CEO Alan Mulally, another auto industry outsider who was hired away from Boeing to lead Ford. Mulally, who joined Ford in 2006 when it was near bankruptcy, was widely credited with ending internal bickering at Ford and streamlining manufacturing. Hackett and Bill Ford said they also want to modernize Ford's business processes by taking advantage of things like 3D printing, big data and artificial intelligence. As part of the shake-up, several Ford executives are taking on new roles as of June 1. Jim Farley, who led the company's European division back to profitability in recent years, will become vice president of global markets and will oversee Lincoln, sales and marketing. Joe Hinrichs, president of Ford's Americas division, will oversee global product development, manufacturing and quality. Marcy Klevorn, Ford's chief technical officer, will replace Hackett as the head of Ford Smart Mobility. Tribune-Review staff writer Aaron Aupperlee contributed to this report. More Business Stocks claw back more lost ground with 4th straight gain Feds say Fiat Chrysler used software to cheat emissions tests Target reaches $18.5 million settlement with states over data breach Obama-era rule on financial advisers to go forward, for now Shareholders go to court seeking to oust Akzo chairman TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Greensburg woman accused of raping foster child 14 charged in Westmoreland County drug sweep Gorman: Penguins miss on chance to clinch  Featured Photography Simulated Jet Crash A curated collection of photojournalism from around the region, nation and world. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
