HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Defense Business Earnings Leadership Transportation Defense Materials and Metals Canada says it wants to resolve Boeing spat, but won't ignore national interests Nyshka Chandran | @nyshkac 1 Hour AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Canada Natl Defense Min on multilateralism, NATO spending    3 Hours Ago | 02:42 Canada is hopeful for a resolution to its ongoing spat with Boeing but will not shy away from defending national interests, Minister of National Defense Harjit Sajjan told CNBC on Friday. "We're very disappointed with the actions Boeing has taken against Bombardier...We believe (Boeing's) position is unfounded," Sajjan said on the sidelines of the Shangri-La Dialogue, an annual meeting of global defense officials. Ottawa is currently reviewing defense procurements with the U.S. aerospace giant, Sajjan added, which include 18 Boeing Super Hornet jets. In May, Boeing launched a trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier, alleging the Montreal-based firm receives government subsidies that allow it to sell planes at below-market prices. Canada's defense policy report on June 7 is expected to shed more details on the country's future investments and purchases, including the proposed Boeing orders. show chapters Canada's defense minister warns on foreign fighters    3 Hours Ago | 02:21 "We're hopeful things can be resolved, but we have to stand up for Canadian interests," stated Sajjan, who became the nation's first Sikh defense minister after being appointed to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's cabinet in 2015. A decorated lieutenant-colonel, 46-year old Sajjan clarified that his government was looking into the situation in its entirety, explaining the county's long relationship with the firm. "Boeing has been a very credible partner on various other procurements and we'd like that to continue," Sajjan said. "As a minister, I need to make sure the Canadian armed forces have all the right tools." Nyshka ChandranReporter, CNBC Asia-Pacific Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BBD.B --- BA --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
02/06/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Newsletter Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Video Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Programmes Europe State of the union World World news Insiders Focus Insight The global conversation Cop22 View Aid zone Business Markets Business line Miptv – mipcom Business planet Real economy Target Sport The corner Speed Gravity Culture Cinema Postcards Cult Metropolitans Musica Life Adventures Sci-tech Futuris Smart care Sci-tech Boarding pass Space All Programmes Channels Living It Savoir-faire Savoir-vivre Style & trends Cuisine & wellness Travel & design Rides & experiences News World Business Sport Quotes Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech Video No Comment Bulletin Live European affairs Europe All views Europe 01/06/2017 EU and China join forces to tackle Trump over climate change Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We are both ready to contribute to stability in the world." Europe 01/06/2017 Soros urges EU to keep Poland and Hungary in democratic check Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I am full of admiration for the courageous way the Hungarian people have resisted the deception and corruption of the mafia state the Orban regime has established" World 30/05/2017 Fabiola Gianotti, CERN: "95% of the universe is unknown to us." Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "What is visible when we look at stars, planets and galaxies only represents 5% of the universe. The other 95% is made up of (dark) matter and energy that we do not know." Fabiola Gianotti Director-General, CERN World 29/05/2017 Does Poland need weekend soldiers? Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "It means 50 000 voters plus families..." Slawomir Sierakowski Political analyst World 29/05/2017 Ramadan explained Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Better than a thousand months." World 26/05/2017 'Europe not doing so bad' says Germany's Schäuble Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Don't underestimate European economies, European societies" Wolfgang Schäuble German Finance Minister Sci-tech 25/05/2017 Cassini-Huygens's extraordinary journey around Saturn Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Now the really exciting bit, we're passing between the atmosphere and the ring system of Saturn" Geraint Jones Head of Planetary Science, Mullard Space Science Laboratory Sci-tech 25/05/2017 Legends of Space, Episode 5: The Hubble Space Telescope Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "When the first observations became available, then it really changed everything." Giovanna Tinetti Professor of Astrophysics, University College London more quotes Weather Bulletin Live Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message Aa Aa Now Reading: Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message 01/06/2017 Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message REUTERS 01/06/2017 By Leah Schnurr OTTAWA (Reuters) – Canada, embroiled in a dispute with Boeing Corp <BA.N>, tried to hit out at the U.S. firm for the second day in a row on Thursday but stumbled over whether talks over a proposed jet purchase had been suspended or not. The Liberal government, angry that Boeing has launched a trade challenge against Canadian planemaker Bombardier Inc <BBDb.TO>, is threatening to scrap plans to buy 18 Boeing Super Hornet fighters. Steven MacKinnon, parliamentary secretary to Public Services and Procurement Minister Judy Foote, told reporters that Boeing “is not acting like a valued partner right now so we’ve suspended discussions with that partner.” Minutes later, Foote spokeswoman Annie Trepanier said that while government ministers were not talking to the company, “there is no formal suspension.” Earlier in the day Boeing scrapped an announcement about the jets, a day after Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan objected to the firm’s behaviour in the dispute against Bombardier. The company had been due to announce which Canadian companies would benefit if the purchase went ahead. Boeing has 560 suppliers in Canada. “Due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story,” Boeing spokesman Scott Day said in a statement issued at an Ottawa defence show. While he did not specifically refer to the trade dispute, his comments appeared to be a reference to growing tensions between Ottawa and the firm. The Boeing saga has increased tensions between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American Free Trade Agreement. Last month, Canada said it “strongly disagrees” with the U.S. Commerce Department decision to investigate Boeing’s claims that Bombardier sold planes below cost in the United States and benefited unfairly from Canadian government subsidies. Even lower-level Canadian officials were not visiting the company’s stand at the Ottawa defence show, said one source familiar with the matter who did not want to be identified given the sensitivity of the situation. Sajjan on Wednesday said the firm would be a trusted military ally in decades to come, but he complained the anti-dumping petition against Bombardier was “not the behaviour we expect of a trusted partner”. Canada says it needs the Super Hornets as a stopgap until it can launch an open competition to replace its fleet of aging Boeing CF-18 planes. A Super Hornet deal would generate new in-service support contracts for industry in Canada’s aerospace hub of Quebec, where existing CF-18s are now maintained. (Additional reporting by David Ljunggren in Ottawa; Editing by W Simon and Andrew Hay) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories USA 01/06/2017 US backs out of Paris climate accord Belgium 01/06/2017 Bad news or good riddance? Brussels reacts to US climate deal withdrawal Philippines 02/06/2017 At least 34 dead in Manila casino attack Most viewed world news 01/06/2017 The UK General Election: what you need to know View 01/06/2017 How broken is American democracy? View 01/06/2017 What does the Macron method mean for Europe? world news 31/05/2017 Inside the Morgan Motor Factory world news 31/05/2017 MEPs using taxpayers' money to rent offices from themselves Editor's choice world news 01/06/2017 The UK General Election: what you need to know View 01/06/2017 How broken is American democracy? View 01/06/2017 What does the Macron method mean for Europe? Flashback: one year ago Germany 02/06/2016 German police arrest three Syrians after terror conspirator turns himself... Sport 02/06/2016 French Open: Top seeds Williams and Djokovic progress to semis Syria 02/06/2016 Russia concerned about safety of workers delivering UN aid to Syria France 02/06/2016 Strikes over French labour reforms threaten Euro 2016 USA 02/06/2016 Singer Prince died of prescription drug overdose - medical examiner Editor's choice world news 01/06/2017 The UK General Election: what you need to know View 01/06/2017 How broken is American democracy? View 01/06/2017 What does the Macron method mean for Europe? world news 31/05/2017 Inside the Morgan Motor Factory world news 31/05/2017 MEPs using taxpayers' money to rent offices from themselves world news 01/06/2017 Junk mail: how Australians get imaginative with recycled mailboxes world news 31/05/2017 What are the Brexit policies in the UK election? USA 31/05/2017 Donald Trump poised to quit Paris climate accord Insight 31/05/2017 Real Madrid hero Mijatovic previews Champions League final Channels Weather Bulletin Live Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Browse today's tags Global warming and climate change Donald Trump European Union Philippines Australia Brussels Emmanuel Macron European politics Channels Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Quotes Topics Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video Programmes Services Live Bulletin Weather Just In Widgets & Services Euronews radio Africanews Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video All Programmes 02/06/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Newsletter
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:04 GMT, Jun 02, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeViral Boeing’s stealthy Pegasus air tankers to refuel USAF jets in complete darkness (PHOTOS) Published time: 2 Jun, 2017 02:24 Edited time: 2 Jun, 2017 02:31 Get short URL Boeing's KC-46 © Christopher Okula / Reuters The first air tanker in world military history that can refuel planes in complete darkness is undergoing tests ahead of the expected US Air Force acquisition. A total of 179 of Boeing’s KC-46 'Pegasus' tankers will be delivered by the end of the 2017. TrendsViral The new fleet of ‘aerial gas stations’ are set to replace their predecessors, the KC-135 Stratotankers, which have been in service since the Eisenhower administration. In an emergency, the new KC-46 is also capable of carrying over 100 troops, 54 medical patients or 65,000 pounds (29,500 kg) of cargo, reports CNN Money. Boeing-USAF KC-46A tanker undergoing electromagnetic testing in world's largest anechoic chamber at Edwards AFB #USAF #Boeing #KC46 #Tanker A post shared by The Boeing Company (@boeing) on May 26, 2017 at 9:22am PDT The US Department of Defense has allotted $3.1 billion of its requested 2018 budget of $639.1 billion to pay for just 15 of the tankers. The Pegasus boasts an array of aerial countermeasures to defend against anti-air missiles. It also houses a suite of high definition cameras and infrared lights which allow it to carry out its stealthy midair refueling operations. The BAF, operated by the 772nd Test Squadron, is the largest anechoic chamber in the world and can fit most aircraft inside. It provides a free space so electronic warfare tests can be conducted without radio frequency interference from the outside world. The chamber is filled with polyurethane and polyethylene pyramids designed to stop reflections of electromagnetic waves. (U.S. Air Force photo by Christopher Okula) #AnechoicChamber #LightAndSpace #acoustics #silence #engineering #POTD #PhotoOfTheDay #AirForce #USAF #KC46 A post shared by U.S. Air Force (@usairforce) on Jun 1, 2017 at 6:52am PDT The 'gas station attendant' commands a high-tech system which includes stereoscopic cameras with 185-degree visibility projected through 3D glasses to give the boom operator complete depth perception. This project has proven to be somewhat of a coup for Boeing, as US military top brass have remained skeptical throughout the project's development. The first successful 'lights out' test was carried out in December when the KC-46 refueled a massive C-17 cargo plane in pitch black skies. World's largest airplane poised for test flights into orbit (VIDEO, PHOTOS) https://t.co/NlshkHY4OTpic.twitter.com/l1NqQrHqGN— RT (@RT_com) June 1, 2017 The KC-46 is specifically designed for combat operations with an impressive 10-minute start up time from hangar to take off. This is made possible by the access hatch underneath the plane's nose which removes the need for boarding staircases for the crew. The refueling boom that was specifically designed for USAF jets boasts an impressive 1,200 gallons per minute pump speed, enough to fill an average passenger car in less than a second. Non-USAF jets have to make do with two additional refuelling pods housed under the wings which pump at 400 gallons per minute. The Pegasus has a totally capacity of just under 32,000 gallons Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Meet The Press: 70 Years America's Heroin Epidemic TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Travel Consumer Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 11 2017, 4:46 am ET Boeing Halts Test Flights of New 737 Over Engine Issue Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement DALLAS — Boeing is suspending test flights of a new airliner because of a possible problem in the manufacturing of a key engine part. The company said Wednesday that it still plans to deliver the first Boeing 737 Max later this month, and production will continue. A Boeing 737 MAX 9 under construction at the company's production facility in Renton, Washington, on Feb. 13. Jason Redmond / Reuters file The news sent Boeing Co. shares down nearly 4 percent, although they recovered partly to close at $183.18, down $2.31, or 1.3 percent. Chicago-based Boeing was notified last week of a potential issue involving turbine engine discs produced by a supplier to engine maker CFM International. Boeing said it has not experienced any problems with the discs during more than 2,000 hours of testing. It poses no safety concerns for travelers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 Max but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists. Timely delivery is important to planemakers as they get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer. The Max is designed to be a more fuel-efficient version of the workhorse 737, Boeing's most popular commercial plane. Malaysia's Malindo Air plans to take delivery of the first Max in a few days and begin using it for passenger flights before July. Dallas-based Southwest Airlines Co. expects to begin using the plane this fall. It said Boeing had not warned it of any delays to its delivery schedule. Related: China's 'Homegrown' Competitor to 737 Takes to the Skies American Airlines Group Inc., which has 100 737 MAX jets on order, declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. The discs in question are made by a supplier to CFM International, a joint venture of General Electric and France's Safran. GE spokeswoman Jamie Jewell declined to identify the supplier. She said GE and Safran will work with the supplier to find and correct any shortcomings in the manufacturing process while also turning to a backup supplier to keep production of engines on schedule. A Boeing logo on one of the firm's 737 Max 9 jets. Jason Redmond / AFP - Getty Images file In a written statement, Boeing said it will work with CFM "to understand the precise scope and root cause of the quality issue." New planes and parts go through extensive testing to turn up problems before passengers go on board. Cai von Rumohr, an analyst with Cowen and Co., said "this doesn't look like a serious concern" because Boeing still expects to deliver the first plane this month and it appears to be a fixable manufacturing problem rather than a design flaw. Boeing has built about 9,500 single-aisle 737s since the late 1960s. The company said it has taken more than 3,700 orders for the Max, which carries a list price of $112.4 million to $119.2 million, although airlines routinely get big discounts. Contributors Associated Press and Reuters Topics Travel, Tech News, U.S. news, World First Published May 11 2017, 4:44 am ET Next Story Philadelphia Revitalizes 125-Year-Old William Penn Statue advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Log In Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Business Lufthansa weighs slowing deliveries of 777X, which would be blow to Boeing Originally published June 1, 2017 at 4:30 pm Updated June 1, 2017 at 5:08 pm Lufthansa aircraft are parked in Frankfurt, Germany, in this 2014 file photo. (Michael Probst/The Associated Press) The German airline is concerned about the cost and size of the big Boeing 777X as the aviation industry shifts to smaller, more nimble planes. Share story By Richard Weiss and Julie Johnsson Bloomberg News Germany’s Lufthansa is considering stretching out deliveries of Boeing’s new 777X aircraft, concerned about the cost and size of the big jet as the aviation industry shifts to smaller, more nimble planes. A decision on the new timeline is “urgent” and could be reached by September, according to an internal video presentation by Lufthansa Chief Executive Officer Carsten Spohr. The airline may take additional Airbus A350 planes, which carry fewer passengers than the 400-seat Boeing jet. “I’m not sure if we’ve really ordered enough A350s and possibly too many 777Xs,” Spohr said at a staff meeting, a replay of which was seen by Bloomberg. “We must now think about either stretching the 777X in a deal with Boeing to let them come in more slowly, or increasing profitability to finance our overdue fleet investments.” The move would be a blow to Boeing, which signed up Lufthansa as a launch customer for the 777X. The jet maker has a backlog for the model worth about $125 billion at list prices, with orders concentrated among airlines that have hit market turbulence recently. Most Read Stories Paul Allen’s colossal Stratolaunch plane emerges from its lair  VIEW Future grandma has problem with plans for naming granddaughter | Dear Carolyn Young father run down, killed in Grays Harbor County campground confrontation Evergreen State College closes after ‘direct threat to campus safety’ Mary Kay Letourneau's husband files for legal separationSale! Get 90% off digital access. Carriers in the Persian Gulf, where low oil prices are damping economies and sapping demand for travel, account for more than three-quarters of the 306 orders. Deliveries for the 777X — a new version of Boeing’s existing 777 aircraft that will be the industry’s largest-ever twin-engine jetliner — are due to start in 2020. Lufthansa spokesman Andreas Bartels said reviewing the order book is daily business for any airline and that the company won’t comment on internal discussions. Demand for big twin-aisle aircraft has weakened since Lufthansa placed an order for the Boeing model in 2013, under Spohr’s predecessor. Cheaper fuel and an industrywide glut of smaller, relatively young widebody planes have upended the economics that had favored larger models for long-range flying. Any deferrals or cancellations would add to concerns about the future of the 777, Boeing’s second-largest source of profit. The company is slowing production of current versions as it encounters weaker sales and prepares to build test planes for the next-generation variant, Boeing’s most expensive commercial plane. Boeing spokesman Daniel Mosely declined to comment on potential talks with Lufthansa. The airline, which has its main hubs in Frankfurt and Munich, is grappling with a shifting aviation market that may have made parts of its orders for 205 aircraft out of step with current trends. Carriers like Norwegian Air Shuttle are ramping up cut-rate trans-Atlantic services using long-range narrow-bodies or fuel-efficient aircraft like Boeing’s twin-aisle 787 Dreamliner. Based on list prices, Lufthansa’s order book translates into average spending of 3.9 billion euros ($4.4 billion) a year through 2025. That compares with a budget of about 2.5 billion euros in annual capital expenditure. The $408.8 million 777X would eat up almost all of that, but remains necessary to replace older four-engine aircraft, the CEO said. Spohr’s message, delivered in March, may also have been intended to motivate Lufthansa managers to cut costs. He argued that meager profitability has caused the airline to underinvest in its fleet for two decades. The German carrier’s aircraft were 11.3 years old on average last year, compared with 5.25 years at Dubai-based Emirates airline and 5.5 years at Dublin-based discount carrier Ryanair. The aging fleet has left Lufthansa with the highest fuel expenses of any airline in Europe, as it operates almost 100 four-engine gas guzzlers. That includes the largest global fleet of Airbus A340s, a model that has long been out of production. While Lufthansa has 20 777Xs on firm order plus another 14 options, according to Boeing’s order book, it has just 25 A350s due for delivery. The Airbus plane, which seats 293 people and costs about $100 million less, is interesting for long-haul routes frequented by fewer passengers, reducing the need to bundle traffic at large hubs. These capabilities could make long-haul services from Düsseldorf, Hamburg and Berlin viable for Lufthansa’s Eurowings budget subsidiary, Spohr said. Lufthansa has also indicated that it may lease a larger proportion of its fleet and buy more used models to curb expenditures. The carrier said last month that it will replace most of the long-haul planes flown by its Belgian arm and opt for used aircraft. “Generally speaking, there for sure will be good deals in the coming years,” Spohr said in the video. “Airbus and Boeing have sold far too many aircraft to the Gulf.” Richard Weiss Julie Johnsson Previous Story JetBlue, Delta will test biometric boarding passes Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits Opinion Classifieds Search Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service News Spokane Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Marijuana WA Government ID Government Sports Outdoors Gonzaga basketball WSU football EWU basketball EWU football Gonzaga women High school sports Seattle Mariners Seattle Seahawks Seattle Sounders Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Spokane Indians UW basketball UW football Vandals basketball Vandals football Whitworth WSU football Arts and Entertainment A&E Art Books Beer/Drinks Cooking Dining Entertainment Dorothy Dean Features Food Home and garden Home Movies Music Pop culture Seven Stage The Slice Travel Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Know Spokane data.spokesman.com Photos Reader Photos Blogs Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Spokane Jobs Spokane Autos Public Records Brides Births Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Advertising inserts Close Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Business Boeing puts 737 up against small business jets for $6.9B defense contract UPDATED: Thu., June 1, 2017, 5:31 p.m. A conceptual rendering of the aircraft proposed by Lockheed Martin for the Pentagon’s JSTARS aircraft. (Seattle Times) By Dominic Gates Seattle Times Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS SEATTLE – For a vital aircraft that will fly above distant battlefields, the Air Force will choose between Goliath and two Davids. One is a jet originally designed to carry around 135 passengers, the two others built to carry fewer than 20 people. With a $6.9 billion deal on the line, a militarized version of Boeing’s 737 jet is going up against the Gulfstream G550 and the Bombardier Global 6000 high-end business jets for a special-mission contract to be awarded as early as this fall. The 17 JSTARS jets at issue will be stuffed with high-tech military radar and computer-analysis equipment. The planes are heavily used in combat zones for surveillance of ground forces and to target enemy positions. The current JSTARS fleet is now active in strikes on the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. Chicago-based Boeing, which has a big presence in the Seattle region, hopes a JSTARS win could incline the Air Force to choose the 737 to replace more than 100 different types of special-mission aircraft in its inventory – contracts that are lucrative far beyond the mere number of 737s involved. But the competition from Georgia-based Gulfstream and Canada’s Bombardier is formidable. For special missions, air forces around the world are increasingly selecting business jets that fly higher, faster and further than airliners. The Air Force initially chose the Gulfstream for a separate electronic-jamming plane code-named Compass Call, although Boeing in May formally challenged that process. Fred Smith, director of global sales and marketing at Boeing Military Aircraft, dismisses the business jets as “a great solution for countries with smaller air forces and navies.” As for the U.S., he said, “for a bigger mission, you need a bigger airplane.” In a conference room inside Boeing’s former Space Center in Kent, Washington, now a hive of different defense programs, a reporter donned a virtual-reality visor to take a look at a mock-up of the jet maker’s 737 JSTARS contender. JSTARS – Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System – is an Air Force-Army system revolving around a massive, long-range radar that monitors what’s happening on the ground in a battle zone. A virtual mock-up shows the radar hidden in a canoe-shaped bump about 20 feet long under the jet’s fuselage. Operators at 10 stations toward the rear of the aircraft would monitor large computer screens, analyzing the radar data and communicating with U.S. forces. Aft of the stations, large metal cabinets housed the computer servers and other equipment. Forward of them was a robust printer and a “mission table,” with a tabletop computer display screen of the battle zone. At the front of the cabin, immediately behind the flight deck, was a crew rest area for long-endurance missions and extra seats. Then Smith showed off a Boeing marketing trick, designed to impress upon the Air Force why size matters. With a click of a button, an arc of light sliced through the virtual cabin, superimposing upon Boeing’s mock-up another cabin wall that cut off half the computer stations. “That’s the G550 fuselage,” Smith said. The Gulfstream jet is proposed by a team led by defense firm Northrop Grumman and L3 Technologies, a leading integrator of military electronics. L3 is the lead system integrator role on the Compass Call contract and is set to choose the aircraft for that program – Boeing’s protest of the contracting process centers on L3’s close collaboration with Gulfstream. L3 integrated the intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance mission systems on G550s sold to Australia, Israel and Singapore and for other special-mission models sold to Japan and Germany. Northrop is the prime contractor on the current JSTARS fleet. First deployed in combat during the first Iraq war in 1991, those jets are all converted 707 airliners – now with an average age of 48 years and ripe for replacement with something more efficient. Alan Metzger, Northrop’s vice president for surveillance and targeting systems, said in an interview that though the Air Force needed a 707-size jet to house all the equipment when the original JSTARS contract was awarded in 1985, a smaller business jet is appropriate today because the technology has all been miniaturized. “I don’t understand why you need a 135-passenger aircraft to carry around 10 Air Force operators,” Metzger said. Northrop bought a G550 and outfitted it with the current JSTARS mission equipment to demonstrate not only that the jet was big enough and met all requirements but that it had sufficient margin for any anticipated future growth. The key advantage of the business-jet solution is performance, he said. The G550 will fly hundreds of miles farther than a 737 and burn less fuel. It’s so much lighter it can take off from a shorter runway, giving it access to almost twice as many bases around the world, Metzger said. And the G550’s standard flight ceiling is 51,000 feet, compared with 41,000 feet for the 737. That matters when you are beaming radar down into a mountainous region such as, say, Afghanistan. At lower altitudes, a mountain peak up ahead may be in the way. As the plane flies higher, it has a direct line of sight into more of the landscape below. “You’ll see less if you have to look through rock, instead of over it,” Metzger said. The third JSTARS contender, offering the Bombardier business jet as the platform, is a team led by defense giant Lockheed Martin, partnered with electronics and mission-systems integrator Raytheon. Raytheon is separately bidding against Northrop to provide the high-tech radar equipment on the JSTARS plane and all three contenders are ready to offer whichever radar system wins. The Bombardier Global 6000 is larger than the G550, both longer and with a wider cabin, yet still about half the weight of the smallest 737. The U.S. Air Force uses a Global 6000 for its E-11 special-mission jet, which is an airborne node for relaying battlefield communications. And the Bombardier jet too has won a series of foreign military orders, said Stephane Villeneuve, Bombardier’s vice president of specialized aircraft. It’s the platform for the U.K.’s Sentinel reconnaissance fleet, AWACS aircraft for the United Arab Emirates, intelligence-gathering aircraft for India and maritime-patrol aircraft for Israel. “In the international market, people are going to a business jet for all the missions we are describing here,” Villeneuve said. That trend threatens Boeing’s hope of extending its line of modified commercial jets for the military by replacing all the U.S. Air Force special-mission aircraft with 737-based models. The Gulfstream and Bombardier jets each cost just over $60 million at list prices, some $20 million cheaper than the Boeing 737 model on offer. And they do burn a lot less fuel than the big jet. Nevertheless, one of Boeing’s major arguments is that the Air Force will save money on a fleet of 737s because maintenance and operational costs are so much lower. There are more than 9,000 of its 737s in service around the world, Boeing argues, with spare parts available anywhere in the world within 24 hours and with a tremendous reliability record that minimizes downtime. Smith compares the Air Force’s options to someone looking to repair a Ford truck rather than a fancy sports car. “There’s a maintenance shop on every corner,” he said. “It’s extremely cost-competitive.” He cited U.S. Defense Department data showing that when maintenance costs are included, the total operational cost of a 737 used to ferry around top military brass is about half that of a G550-based Air Force jet used for the same purpose. Rod Meranda, Boeing’s sales and marketing lead for the JSTARS program, contends that the Air Force also takes on less risk if it goes with Boeing. For example, he said, neither the G550 nor the Global 6000 has ever been fitted with an in-flight refueling capability – a JSTARS requirement. “There’s a lot of risk taking a small airplane, cutting a hole in it and putting in in-flight refueling,” said Meranda. “How much will it take to test that, something that’s never been done before?” Boeing by contrast has already installed in-flight refueling on its 737-based fleet of P-8 Poseidon anti-submarine jets. The Air Force plans to weigh the cost, risk and performance of the three proposals on offer and choose the JSTARS replacement by year end. If Boeing were to win, the necessary military modifications to the airframe would likely be done during final assembly on the Renton, Washington, production line – perhaps even on the same dedicated military line now churning out the P-8s. Where Boeing would then install the mission equipment, the radar and all the computers, is unclear. Still, for Renton, a Boeing JSTARS win would be significant and worth more than just 17 airplanes. It would indicate a high likelihood of further special-mission aircraft contracts later. First though, Goliath has to beat the Davids. Updated: June 1, 2017, 5:31 p.m.  Tags: 737, aircraft, Air Force, Boeing, Bombardier, Gulfstream, jets, JSTARS jets Click here to comment on this story » Most read stories Threat closes Evergreen State College after protests over race … McMorris Rodgers applauds Trump decision on climate agreement; Murray and Cantwell denounce announce … Davenport doorman honored for 75 years of service … Gonzaga alumni game will feature ex-Zags against former Huskies … Hegsted bringing modern, hearty menu to new spot in Ponderay … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback HomeTop Share show ad SPECIAL REPORT: Three decades on from the miners’ strike and a horrific battle that scarred Britain... By Ruth Sunderland for the Daily Mail Published: 17:39 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 18:58 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail 19 View comments Thirty-three years ago this month, on June 18, 1984, the day dawned hot and stifling in Orgreave. By the time the sun had gone down that evening, a pitched battle had taken place in the South Yorkshire village that changed the course of British history. Hundreds of striking miners, from all over the country, faced a force of more than 4,000 police, including mounted officers, dogs and several special riot units. The violence that day shocked the nation. What happened, and where blame lies, is still the subject of bitter dispute. Bitter dispute: Miners clash with police in 1984 But no-one, certainly not miners’ leader Arthur Scargill, nor even the late former prime minister Margaret Thatcher could have predicted what would happen to the Orgreave area itself. Three decades on, the scene of one of the worst episodes of our industrial history has been turned into a crucible of 21st century advanced manufacturing. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Tata strikes a deal to pay £550m to save British Steel... DIRECTOR'S DEALS:  Chris Grigg, 57, chief exec, British Land... Traders warn pound could crash to $1.20 if Labour wins... Owner claims more than 1.7m homebuyers visit Zoopla, uSwitch... Share this article Share South Yorkshire in its heyday was at the leading edge of industry, famous for its coalfields and for Sheffield steel. By the grim 1980s, however, it seemed as though its glory days were gone. Now, in an extraordinary reinvention, the site of the old Orgreave works is a magnet for innovative companies. Scores of PhDs wander round where the pitmen used to tread. The Orgreave coking plant is long demolished. In its place is an advanced manufacturing park on around 100 acres near Sheffield and Rotherham. Technology developed at the park is being used in Formula One cars and craft such as the new Boeing 787 Dreamliner There are more than 40 companies on the site along with Sheffield University’s Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre, a collaboration with Boeing. The US aircraft maker announced this year it will open its first European factory in Sheffield to make actuators, which move the flaps on plane wings. Auto-maker McLaren is another big name presence. It is moving the production of the carbon fibre chassis of its supercars to a £50m factory. Technology developed at the park is being used in Formula One cars and craft such as the new Boeing 787 Dreamliner. Nearby, 4,000 new homes are being built, with around 700 finished. They will house the employees. One of the firms breathing new life into the area is Metalysis. It opened a new £10m ‘materials discovery centre’ in the spring, where it is working on commercialising the production of titanium powder to be used in 3D printing for car and plane parts. ‘This site is Europe’s biggest manufacturing centre of gravity,’ says chief executive Dr Dion Vaughan. Big names: Auto-maker McLaren is moving the production of carbon fibre chassis of its supercars to a £50m factory The company, which was initially a spin-out from Cambridge University, secured £20m of investment last year, including a chunk from legendary fund manager Neil Woodford, and plans to employ at least 100 people. ‘This is not a deprived area, but what is missing is skilled jobs,’ says Vaughan. One Metalysis worker says stories of the Eighties live on: ‘Dozens of local cabbies must have regaled me with their memories of that time, sadly, but there’s a lot of optimism about the future of this site among those who recall those dreadful scenes.’ Companies like Metalysis are helping regenerate an area that used to lead the world in manufacturing, says Lord Prior of Brampton, a former senior executive at British Steel and now under-secretary of state at the department of business. ‘The Bessemer process came out of Sheffield, stainless steel came out of Sheffield, yet by the mid-1980s we had demonstrably lost it,’ he says. ‘Now we have the chance for a renaissance.’ The research going on here will play a big part in how Britain fares in what’s known as the Fourth Industrial Revolution or 4IR. The first was powered by coal and steam, the second by electricity, and the third was digital. The fourth will be about converging technologies, such as the Internet of Things, for instance fridges that can order milk for you. The hope is that the UK can outflank our rivals in 4IR by sheer intellect and better inventions. At 34, Chris Read, the Labour leader of nearby Rotherham council, is too young to remember the miners’ strike – but he says his generation was deeply affected. He says: ‘When I was a kid, there was always the thought in the back of your mind that if you wanted a good job you would have to go somewhere else. It doesn’t have to be like that. ‘People from outside are moving here now – there are fantastic jobs being created here.’ The number of highly skilled people in South Yorkshire will increase if it can attract more firms like Rolls-Royce, whose £110m advanced fan blade casting facility employs 180 people. It can make more than 100,000 turbine blades for jet engines in a year. Douglas Caster, chairman of Metalysis, believes the companies here show that British manufacturing can rise from the ashes. ‘This is a stark contrast to the unforgettable scenes which took place over the hill from here in 1984,’ he says. ‘I hope the growth and the future prosperity at this site will be a fitting tribute for those who remember it quite differently 33 years ago.’   Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched Money videos Rolls-Royce showcases its bespoke capabilities in stylish car BMW's Peter Varadi on the technology used for its self-drive car BMW's advanced self-drive car uses pedestrian trackers BMW self-drive car could allow motorists to sleep at the wheel 'Shocking' General Election polls and projections for May 31 North Wales Police describe Operation Snap and road safety The exciting launch film for Mini Remastered by David Brown Investing Show: Will shares go off the boil or keep rising? Investing Show: Should you invest in India? New Beatrix Potter 50p coins unveiled including Peter Rabbit The world's largest luxury car 'Vending Machine' in Singapore Watch the production of the one-millionth Porsche 911 Property market in worst run since the financial crisis... Now you can put bitcoin in your pension: UK investing... One in four holidaymakers is left frustrated by credit... Lloyds now has a QUARTER of the UK credit card market... BMW's fully automated self-driving car will be available... MARKET CLOSE: PPG abandons £23.3bn pursuit of Dulux owner... Revived British Steel delivers £47 MILLION profit a year... SPECIAL REPORT: Three decades on from the miners’ strike... 'Be prepared for more financial instability and global... DAILY BRIEFING: Lloyds Bank completes £1.9bn takeover of... CITY DIARY: Lloyds boss Antonio Horta-Osorio is looking... Billionaire owners net £460m from discount chain B&M... As Americans abandon bid for paint maker... Dulux victory... MARKET REPORT: Train and bus firm knocked off track as... Investor attack rocks online fashion giant as short... MAGGIE PAGANO: UK industry on a roll but building... A step in the right direction:How men’s velvet slippers... Property market in worst run since the financial crisis... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 21 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Portfolio Newsletter Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing     DON'T MISS How the Tories and Labour stack up on taxes and household finances... - and three key pension issues they have kept quiet on. Six tell-tale signs that a call is a scam How to spot a fraudster on the phone. Lloyds now has a QUARTER of the UK credit card market after buying MBNA for nearly £2bn Appetite for whisky and salmon helps British exports soar to a record £4.9bn in the first three months Now Currys gadgets are on sale at Tesco as supermarket giant follows Sainsbury's lead BA board to demand a third party inquiry into £150m IT meltdown Willie Walsh pops to Barcelona to launch a NEW low cost airline to US. Fears over bad loans for motorists Santander at centre of storm brewing over £930bn US car finance debt. Twenty years after Halifax customers were handed hundreds of shares: Is it time to sell off your Lloyds holding? Or keep it for the income? Find out how much different mortgage lenders will let you borrow New calculator reveals how home loan offers can vary by £150k. How to win a payout if an airline ruins your holiday Fight for compensation after the BA debacle begins. AA refuses refund payouts for families who have paid twice for breakdown cover after promising to help Can you beat the traders: which way did prices go next? Play the Trading Game Sponsored Big banks paying just 0.04% on easy access accounts Loyal savers getting pitiful returns compared to best deals. Banks have treated bereaved families terribly, it's time for them to start looking after our legacies DAN HYDE. Why was I told my car insurance application was rejected because I work in a bar? ' I've never made a claim or had an accident in 40 years'     DON'T MISS: PROPERTY The luxury student digs that cost £67k a year to rent! Mayfair flats come with daily cleaning - but you may still have to share with strangers  Can you guess the price of these homes for sale? Take our quiz to see how well you know property prices around the country  This hexagonal Grand Designs eco home with an 800-year-old TREE TRUNK for a staircase was built for £300K ten years ago But how much is it on the market for today?  Fancy living in the newest Trump Tower in Vancouver? The luxury $2.2million apartment has doubled in price since being bought 'off-plan' by an investor in 2014, and it has not been lived in since it was bought Ten places your home will make you more than your job Homeowners can 'earn' up to £91k more from their properties than from going to work  A three-bed flat in Waterloo for £20m-PLUS? None of the homes have been completed, but already 60% have been sold on the luxury development next to Waterloo station The £250k home cinema that costs more than the average house And how you can recreate your own version with a more modest budget of £10k Do you live in one of the 50 best places in the UK? A pretty part of Hampshire that's steeped in history and includes a Cathedral city takes the top slot  The best home you can build on a shoestring Could this two-bed house that can be built for less than £50k be the answer to Britain's housing crisis? State-of-the-art bungalow the size of SEVEN family homes for sale at £2.75m - but you'll have to build it first The new owner must first knock down the existing 1970s bungalow Would you rather buy a studio flat in London or a 10 bedroom mansion in Wales? We take a look at what properties you can get for £1m in Britain today PROPERTY CLINIC: What can I do to stop the condensation and black mould around my windows? Here is what you can do to ensure your home is as healthy as it can be Will Britain ever wean itself off 'housing heroin'? MYRA BUTTERWORTH asks Are schemes such as Help to Buy artificially stimulating the housing market to a point of no return? What's it like to live in Brighton?) Why homes in this seaside resort are among the most sought-after (despite the unreliable commuter journey) The rise of the £20million FLAT Exclusive apartments now go for as much as luxury houses - but what do you get for your money? They do exist! The locations where you can still buy a family property in Britain for less than £50k Flushing your money down the pan? How one buyer spent £285k on HALF a converted public toilet that's now a one bed semi-detached house Owners of new flats forced to fork out £2,800 a year in property management fees One in three management companies admit to raising costs Internet stars Tanya Burr and Jim Chapman splash out £2m on lavish London home - where they film videos for their seven million fans The Grand Designs that drove their owners to despair... and are now up for sale Homes featured on TV makeover show set to make a small fortune for the 'exhausted' families Could you hold the fort? Ten castles for sale in Britain now - and one thing that's not medieval is the price.... Latest reports from News 'Be prepared for more financial instability and global crises,' warns World Bank Pay fury at engineering giant as four fat cats share £144m pot in one of the City's biggest payouts Row over £212m bid for Faberge owner It's time to step down or sell up: French Connection boss is given an ultimatum by investors after five years of losses Cheers to that! BrewDog celebrates 97% sales jump thanks to craft beer boom When the clock strikes midnight: Deadline for Dulux takeover fast approaches for American vultures after £22.5bn bid rejection RBS in a fresh fight with its investors as they demand extra cash to end courtroom battle over disastrous £12bn fundraising drive Fund managers with investments worth £2.9 trillion snub tobacco as they join health drive BT cuts broadband cost to rivals by 1.1% giving them savings of £10m Barclays £1.6bn stake sale cuts ties with Africa after more than a century  Now Currys gadgets are on sale at Tesco as supermarket giant follows Sainsbury's lead Appetite for whisky and salmon helps British exports soar to a record £4.9bn in the first three months Sterling falls below €1.15 as fears that Tories will get an election shock sees the pound sold off How the Tories and Labour stack up on taxes and household finances - and three key pension issues they have kept quiet on... MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate In this Feb. 17 photo, Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg talks with President Donald Trump at Charleston International Airport in North Charleston, South Carolins. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) Aerospace blog Muilenburg: Boeing remains on track to keep boosting profits Dan Catchpole Thu Jun 1st, 2017 10:11pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — The cash is going to keep coming. That was Boeing CEO and Chairman Dennis Muilenburg’s key message at a Wall Street conference Thursday morning. The aerospace giant is making steady progress on pushing its profit margin to historic highs, a goal set by Muilenburg after taking over the company’s helm in 2016. The target is to hit about 15 percent operating profit by 2020 — essentially twice its average over the past 10 years. “We’re very committed to that target,” he told the audience at the Bernstein Strategic Decisions Conference in New York. Boeing expects to bring in less revenue by the end of its second quarter, which covers April, May and June. The decline is due to delaying deliveries of some new airplanes, chiefly Boeing’s KC-46, a new aerial refueling tanker for the Air Force. While tankers are rolling out of the Everett plant where they are assembled, the company does not expect to start handing over the planes to the military until late this year. Over the next few years, ramping up production of the company’s single-aisle 737 and making more of higher-priced 787s are expected to play a big role in boosting revenue and profit, Muilenburg said. Boeing will sell more and more of the its 787-9s and 787-10s, and less of the smallest Dreamliner, the 787-8. The larger -9 and -10 versions are bigger money makers for the company. The company is still testing the 787-10. The third production aircraft is already being manufactured, he said. Boeing continues talking with customers about creating a bigger version of its popular single-aisle 737 — a MAX 10 to compete with rival Airbus’ A321neo. A MAX 10 “would basically be the same size of an A321 with about 5 percent weight savings,” Muilenburg said If Boeing follows through on the MAX 10, it could make up as much as 25 percent of 737 sales and would first deliver to an airline probably in 2020, he said. Boeing sees an upside beyond its commercial airplanes division, which is based in Washington. Defense and satellite sales are expected to increase, Muilenburg said. The company even has seen renewed interest in the two fighter jets it produces — the F-15 and F/A-18. Just a couple years ago, many industry watchers expected the F-15 line to close in the next few years. Since then, Boeing has seen spurred interest from foreign customers that could have the F-15 line “extended in a strong way well into the next decade,” he said. And greater demand for the F/A-18 from the U.S. and allied militaries means “that line could very well be strong and healthy through the next decade,” Muilenburg said. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @dcatchpole.   Most Read Marysville pair arrested in stabbing death of Everett woman EVERETT — A woman whose body was discovered in her home south… Jun 1st, 2017 by Eric Stevick and Caitlin Tompkins Vandals break into, damage one of Everett’s oldest churches EVERETT — The act was as malicious as it was heartbreaking. In… May 31st, 2017 by Eric Stevick Peace Park to honor former Mukilteo students who were slain MUKILTEO — After the deaths of three young adults last year, the… May 31st, 2017 by Sharon Salyer Paul Allen rolls out Stratolaunch, world’s largest airplane Herald news services The initial construction on the massive airplane Paul Allen… Jun 1st, 2017 Sound Transit tax persists for property owners who can’t vote OLYMPIA — There is disappointing news for a handful of Snohomish County… May 31st, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
FRI, JUN 02, 2017 | 10 °C A few clouds Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Newsroom Insider podcast Event listings 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 3 hours ago Hamilton District Christian High gives it their all with ‘Les Miz’ This season, students from Hamilton District Christian School put on an... Latest News SEE MORE Teens and drugs: a Spectator report Haudenosaunee men ordered to pay Enbridge’s legal fees OPP investigating charity bin theft Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown 11 hours ago What you should know about ‘managing up’ It does not mean telling your superiors what to do Latest Business News SEE MORE Generation Z networking event at CoMotion on King IMF warns about housing and household debt, urges more action by Canadian government Silicon Valley’s newest perk: gas delivered to your car while you work LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 1 hour ago A look at the key duels in the Champions League final A look at the key duels in the Champions League final Latest Sports News SEE MORE Player guide for Champions League holder Real Madrid Player guide for Champions League finalist Juventus Defence fails Cavs in 113-91 Game 1 loss in NBA Finals Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 3 hours ago Review: ‘Wonder Woman’ film and star live up to the name “Wonder Woman “ has been the subject of so much superfluous fuss, it’d be... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE A Star Wars virgin tells all Linkin Park beats expectations with sixth chart-topping album Utopia centres on Serena Ryder’s vocals Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Blogs Commenting Guidelines May 31, 2017 The Spectator's view: Papal apology worth asking for Forgive us our sins. Forgive us our trespasses. Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Canada 150 Home and Garden Environment 8 hours ago New Rolls-Royce Phantom to debut in July among its predecessors The British automaker is getting ready to unveil the eighth-generation... Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Signpost Audi to lead Volkswagen’s autonomous push Canadian automaker introduces electric pickup truck Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 3 hours ago Don’t let swimsuit anxiety suck the fun out of summer Farewell spring and hello bathing suit season, for some an anxious time... Latest Living Stories SEE MORE Modern travel is fraught with risks and irks Chelsea Flower Show wows the crowds again Liz Davis walked off 200 pounds, healed her spirit — and inspired a movement Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca 63% off Photo Prints discount: 63% | value: $122.00 | You Save: $77.00 Time Remaining: 5 Days Which wine and when? Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood 63% off Photo Prints discount: 63% | value: $122.00 | You Save: $77.00 Time Remaining: 5 Days Have your say: Valuable support for families and residents at Heritage Green Home News Canada No new fighter jet talks, say Liberals | 11 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 No new fighter jet talks, say Liberals OTTAWA — Despite its trade spat with Boeing, the federal government says it isn't talking to other companies about replacing some of its aging CF-18 jet fighters. Steve MacKinnon, the parliamentary secretary for Procurement Minister Judy Foote, says the government has "suspended" talks with Boeing about its plan to purchase 18 Super Hornets. But neither is the government talking to other companies about supplying the planes, MacKinnon says. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan has called the Super Hornet purchase an interim measure to address a shortfall in capability that is preventing Canada from meeting its NATO and Norad responsibilities. The government says it is disappointed that Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies for Bombardier's CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the Canadian company to export planes at well below cost. It says that is not the action of a trusted partner in defence procurement. MacKinnon was simply using the word "suspension" as "an expression," said a spokesperson in Foote's office. On Wednesday, Sajjan slammed Boeing in a speech to defence industry representatives at a major Ottawa conference. Boeing responded Thursday by cancelling a planned press conference at the large CANSEC military trade show that was meant to highlight its contribution to the fighter jet project. "Due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story," Boeing spokesman Scott Day said in a statement. "Boeing has provided reliable solutions to Canada's defence and security needs, and we respect the mutual trust we have established with the Canadian Armed Forces." The company declined further comment. By The Canadian Press | (0) Comments Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest News Crime Ex-nurse Wettlaufer felt 'urge to kill' seniors in her care Snapshot Music Supercrawl announces lineup for its ninth year Snapshot Local CLAIRMONT: Police examine video to trace route of getaway car in Musitano hit Snapshot World Trump announces U.S. will pull out of Paris climate change deal Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Local Video: Over the edge Local VIDEO: Sherman rock slide Local PHOTOS: Science Expo at Cathedral Local PHOTOS: Ring my bell The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE “She’s dangerous”: Karla Homolka volunteered at elementary school, reports say The right is angry over comedian’s gruesome Trump video. The left asks: Remember Ted Nugent? Drone video: Hamilton’s (under) Waterfront Trail Frustration over safety mounts in Waterdown after 10-year-old girl's traffic death “I had to close the coffin on my son:” Killer attended baptism of victim’s son, court hears In Your Neighbourhood Today Spring into patio season with TERRA With each week that passes, and the increasingly warmer temperatures, many of us are drawn to... Moving made simple with Kingcon Storage Affordable, convenient and flexible, Kingcon Storage Inc. in Burlington will be your most valuable... Create the perfect Easter planter For many, when Easter weekend rolls around, we are reminded that spring has arrived. The weather... Real estate headlines often obscure market facts Judy Marsales Realty has built a reputation in the Hamilton and Burlington area as a real estate... Subprime car loans: Save thousands by choosing the right lender New to the country or have less-than-perfect credit history but need to finance a car? Subprime car... Legal Matters: Do corporations have to keep a ‘Minute Book’? Question: I operate my business as a Corporation. Do I have to maintain a Minute... You can win big at the area's biggest bingo hall If you don't think you can win a lot of cash playing bingo, then you've never been to Six Nations... Trendy Burlington gets trendy new address Burlington has been ranked as Canada’s Best Mid-Sized City, and it’s no wonder why. Residents can... Health of the colon and colon hydrotherapy A healthy colon is so important to our health, explains health and wellness clinic Elemental... Legal Matters: What happens if I am in an accident in the U.S.? Question: I am driving my vehicle to Florida for a vacation with my family. Will we be entitled... Play centres let kids enjoy the benefits of outdoor fun Playing indoors can be limiting for kids, and with the lure of tablets and other electronic... Bathroom upgrades made easy with local store's handy style guide Everyone has unique tastes, so it makes sense that your home reflects which style elements are... Make an air plant work of art If you’ve ever wanted to reap the benefits of plants in your home, but don’t want to deal with the... A guide to this year’s Dundas International Buskerfest Every year, a three-day feast for the senses takes over the relatively quiet downtown of Dundas,... Burlington - Moving ahead of the curve In 2016 the Ontario government released the Planning for Health, Prosperity and Growth in the... A fresher way for Hamiltonians to shop Thanks to the brand new one-stop pick-up container from Penguin Pick-Up, Hamiltonians can get all... Be prepared by purchasing your headstone in advance A cemetery marker can be a costly expense, but with Hamilton’s Sharp Monuments, you and your family... Sharp Monuments has the urn to suit your needs Hamilton's Sharp Monuments understands that remembering those who were close to you is an important... Funeral Etiquette Tips When someone you love loses a loved one, you want to be there for them in any way possible — and... Congratulations to the nominees! – United Way celebrates community spirit BURLINGTON AND HAMILTON – March 8th, 2017 – United Way recognized individuals and organizations... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   Up to 71% off Fireworks $20 View Deal 95% off Prescription Eyeglasses $15 View Deal Up to 48% off Salt Cave Sessions $15 View Deal 50% off an Italian Dinner for 2 People $55 View Deal 58% off Chicken Strips $25 View Deal 53% off Exterior Window Cleaning $59 View Deal 50% off Indian Cuisine $10 View Deal 40% off Breaded Chicken Parmesan $27 View Deal View All Deals MORE CANADA Ont. GE retirees see hope for health claims Group fears further decline in salmon Group urges Ottawa to take ‘aggressive’ approach with Greenland over salmon Paris accord: Canada 'deeply disappointed' Homolka to no longer volunteer at Montreal elementary school PreviousNext Housing plan ambitious: CMHC head 'Come From Away' announces Canadian tour stops TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message close breaking news Advertisement Business Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message Boeing Co on Thursday scrapped an announcement about the fighter jets it hopes to sell to Canada, a day after the country's defense minister objected to the firm's behavior in a trade dispute against Canadian planemaker Bombardier Inc Boeing's logo is seen during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo, Japan, October 12, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon 3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery. 01 Jun 2017 11:40PM (Updated: 02 Jun 2017 03:35AM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail OTTAWA: Canada, embroiled in a dispute with Boeing Corp, tried to hit out at the U.S. firm for the second day in a row on Thursday but stumbled over whether talks over a proposed jet purchase had been suspended or not. The Liberal government, angry that Boeing has launched a trade challenge against Canadian planemaker Bombardier Inc, is threatening to scrap plans to buy 18 Boeing Super Hornet fighters. Steven MacKinnon, parliamentary secretary to Public Services and Procurement Minister Judy Foote, told reporters that Boeing "is not acting like a valued partner right now so we've suspended discussions with that partner." Minutes later, Foote spokeswoman Annie Trepanier said that while government ministers were not talking to the company, "there is no formal suspension." Earlier in the day Boeing scrapped an announcement about the jets, a day after Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan objected to the firm's behavior in the dispute against Bombardier. Advertisement Advertisement The company had been due to announce which Canadian companies would benefit if the purchase went ahead. Boeing has 560 suppliers in Canada. "Due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story," Boeing spokesman Scott Day said in a statement issued at an Ottawa defense show. While he did not specifically refer to the trade dispute, his comments appeared to be a reference to growing tensions between Ottawa and the firm. The Boeing saga has increased tensions between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American Free Trade Agreement. Last month, Canada said it "strongly disagrees" with the U.S. Commerce Department decision to investigate Boeing's claims that Bombardier sold planes below cost in the United States and benefited unfairly from Canadian government subsidies. Even lower-level Canadian officials were not visiting the company's stand at the Ottawa defense show, said one source familiar with the matter who did not want to be identified given the sensitivity of the situation. Sajjan on Wednesday said the firm would be a trusted military ally in decades to come, but he complained the anti-dumping petition against Bombardier was "not the behavior we expect of a trusted partner". Canada says it needs the Super Hornets as a stopgap until it can launch an open competition to replace its fleet of aging Boeing CF-18 planes. A Super Hornet deal would generate new in-service support contracts for industry in Canada's aerospace hub of Quebec, where existing CF-18s are now maintained. (Additional reporting by David Ljunggren in Ottawa; Editing by W Simon and Andrew Hay) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 66° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 88F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low 66F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 2, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close In this Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014 photo released by the U.S. Navy, an F/A-18F Super Hornet, attached to the "Fighting Black Lions" of Strike Fighter Squadron (VFA) 213 lands aboard the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush. Boeing builds the Super Hornet in St. Louis County. (AP Photo/U.S. Navy, Brian Stephens) Canada seeks tough line on Boeing Super Hornets but sends mixed message By Leah Schnurr • Reuters 11 hrs ago (…) In this Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014 photo released by the U.S. Navy, an F/A-18F Super Hornet, attached to the "Fighting Black Lions" of Strike Fighter Squadron (VFA) 213 lands aboard the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush. Boeing builds the Super Hornet in St. Louis County. (AP Photo/U.S. Navy, Brian Stephens) Updated at 2:35 p.m. OTTAWA • Canada, embroiled in a dispute with Boeing, tried to lash out at the U.S. aerospace giant for the second day in a row on Thursday but stumbled over whether talks over a proposed jet purchase had been suspended or not. The Liberal government, angry that Boeing has launched a trade challenge against Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc., is threatening to scrap plans to buy 18 made-in-St. Louis F/A-18 Super Hornet fighters. Steven MacKinnon, parliamentary secretary to Public Services and Procurement Minister Judy Foote, told reporters that Boeing “is not acting like a valued partner right now so we’ve suspended discussions with that partner.” Minutes later, Foote spokeswoman Annie Trepanier said that while government ministers were not talking to the company, “there is no formal suspension.” Earlier in the day Boeing scrapped an announcement about the fighter jets, a day after Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan objected to the firm’s behavior in the dispute against Bombardier. The company had been due to announce which Canadian companies would benefit if the purchase went ahead. Boeing has 560 suppliers in Canada. “Due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story,” Boeing spokesman Scott Day said in a statement issued at an Ottawa defense show. While he did not specifically refer to the trade dispute, his comments appeared to be a reference to growing tension between Ottawa and the firm. The Boeing saga has increased tension between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American Free Trade Agreement. Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Last month, Canada said it “strongly disagrees” with the U.S. Commerce Department decision to investigate Boeing’s claims that Bombardier sold planes below cost in the United States and benefited unfairly from Canadian government subsidies. Even lower-level Canadian officials were not visiting the company’s stand at the Ottawa defense show, said one source familiar with the matter who did not want to be identified,given the sensitivity of the situation. Sajjan on Wednesday said the firm would be a trusted military ally in decades to come, but he complained the anti-dumping petition against Bombardier was “not the behavior we expect of a trusted partner.” Canada says it needs the Super Hornets as a stopgap until it can launch an open competition to replace its fleet of aging Boeing CF-18 planes. A Super Hornet deal would generate new in-service support contracts for industry in Canada’s aerospace hub of Quebec, where existing CF-18s are now maintained. In St. Louis, the sale was one of a couple of contracts expected to keep the F/A-18 production line operating into the early 2020s. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. In this Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014 photo released by the U.S. Navy, an F/A-18F Super Hornet, attached to the "Fighting Black Lions" of Strike Fighter Squadron (VFA) 213 lands aboard the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush. Boeing builds the Super Hornet in St. Louis County. (AP Photo/U.S. Navy, Brian Stephens) Tags Firm Commerce Economics Deal Canada View (…) comments Most popular Dogtown apartments, grocery store move ahead Boutique fitness studios breaking a sweat to multiply rapidly Chipotle says hackers stole payment card info in data breach Study says investors could lose big if Trump administration deep-sixes 'fiduciary rule' More than dozen St. Louis area Chipotle restaurants affected by hacking incident Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section New minimum wage study has fodder for both sides of debate South St. Louis auto repair business traces its start to the 1890s Business Bulletin Board Tracy tapped as head of Cuivre River Electric Co-op Business Calendar Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Get your Father something cool! Sign up for the 6th Annual Old Newsboys charity golf tournament today! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip World Is Canada Scapegoating Boeing To Avoid Super Hornet Purchase? David Krayden Contributor 3:27 PM 06/01/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Canada has upped the ante in its war of words with Boeing, the National Post reports. Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan said Wednesday that the U.S. aerospace giant is no longer a “trusted partner.” Critics say the rhetoric is just an excuse for the Liberal government to not follow-through on a multi-billion dollar buy of the F-18 Super Hornet fighter jet. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau pledged to buy 18 plans as a stop-gap measure to replace the existing fleet of vintage CF-18 fighters originally procured by Trudeau’s father when he was prime minister in the early 1980s. Boeing’s violation of the “trusted partnership” supposedly occurred when it criticized the business practices of Montreal’s Bombardier aircraft, a company that is chronically in facing financial disaster and has received billions of dollars of federal government assistance over the decades. Boeing says Bombardier’s government subsidies enables it to sell its competing aircraft at lower prices; the U.S. Commerce Department and International Trade Commission agreed with Boeing’s accusations and has initiated an investigation into Bombardier. “It is not the behavior of a trusted partner,” Sajjan said during formal remarks at major defense trade show in Ottawa on Wednesday. He suggested that Boeing should cease and desist in its complaint because Canada must deal with “trusted trading partners.” Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland has also chimed in with criticism of Boeing bu many see the tempest as over the top. Conservative defense critic and Manitoba Member of Parliament James Bezan told The Daily Caller that the Boeing flap is just another chapter in Trudeau’s plan to do nothing about replacing the CF-18 fleets. “The Liberals’ decision to pull our CF-18s out of the fight against ISIS, their discredited sole-source fighter jet purchase, and their failure to advance important procurement projects all suggest that Justin Trudeau has a naïve view of our military and expects other countries to do the heavy lifting,” he said. Even if Canada signs the deal with Boeing, the anticipated $7 billion contract will only be a temporary fix. Trudeau has indicated that he would like to re-open they larger aircraft purchase to a bidding process, even though the successive Canadian governments, both Liberal and Conservative, had agreed to buy the F-35 joint strike fighter. Follow David on Twitter Tags: Bombardier, F-18 Super Hornet, Harjit Sajjan, Justin Trudeau, The Boeing Company Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Emails and Notifications Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message By Reuters Published: 15:29 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 15:29 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail By Leah Schnurr OTTAWA, June 1 (Reuters) - Canada, embroiled in a dispute with Boeing Corp, tried to hit out at the U.S. firm for the second day in a row on Thursday but stumbled over whether talks over a proposed jet purchase had been suspended or not. The Liberal government, angry that Boeing has launched a trade challenge against Canadian planemaker Bombardier Inc , is threatening to scrap plans to buy 18 Boeing Super Hornet fighters. Steven MacKinnon, parliamentary secretary to Public Services and Procurement Minister Judy Foote, told reporters that Boeing "is not acting like a valued partner right now so we've suspended discussions with that partner." Minutes later, Foote spokeswoman Annie Trepanier said that while government ministers were not talking to the company, "there is no formal suspension." Earlier in the day Boeing scrapped an announcement about the jets, a day after Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan objected to the firm's behavior in the dispute against Bombardier. The company had been due to announce which Canadian companies would benefit if the purchase went ahead. Boeing has 560 suppliers in Canada. "Due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story," Boeing spokesman Scott Day said in a statement issued at an Ottawa defense show. While he did not specifically refer to the trade dispute, his comments appeared to be a reference to growing tensions between Ottawa and the firm. The Boeing saga has increased tensions between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American Free Trade Agreement. Last month, Canada said it "strongly disagrees" with the U.S. Commerce Department decision to investigate Boeing's claims that Bombardier sold planes below cost in the United States and benefited unfairly from Canadian government subsidies. Even lower-level Canadian officials were not visiting the company's stand at the Ottawa defense show, said one source familiar with the matter who did not want to be identified given the sensitivity of the situation. Sajjan on Wednesday said the firm would be a trusted military ally in decades to come, but he complained the anti-dumping petition against Bombardier was "not the behavior we expect of a trusted partner". Canada says it needs the Super Hornets as a stopgap until it can launch an open competition to replace its fleet of aging Boeing CF-18 planes. A Super Hornet deal would generate new in-service support contracts for industry in Canada's aerospace hub of Quebec, where existing CF-18s are now maintained. (Additional reporting by David Ljunggren in Ottawa; Editing by W Simon and Andrew Hay) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Look at what Amanda ISN'T wearing!' Braless Holden causes a stir in a VERY low cut gown on BGT... as viewers blast star for 'dressing like a stripper' on family show 'He's a lucky guy!' Lucy Mecklenburgh poses NAKED in Panama hotel... as eagle-eyed fans notice she's staying in same room as Ryan Thomas No one's looking at your mouth! Kylie Jenner poses in black bra and undies while sprawled out on a white bed to promote new Lip Kit What happened to her face? Khloe Kardashian shows off much bigger nose as she poses without the contouring makeup she relies on Make-up free  Has Coronation Street gone too far? Fans left 'physically sick' by Bethany Platt's gang rape scene as they report grooming storyline to Ofcom 14 reasons a staycation is better than going abroad SPONSORED  Ashley Graham exposes ample cleavage and a flash of her waist while grabbing lunch in olive green off-the-shoulder ensemble in Los Angeles FIRST LOOK: Is this where the magic will happen? Love Island villa is revealed as new line-up hope to find romance... after THAT 2016 bedroom romp . 'I'm really p***ed off!' BGT fans are left outraged as Welsh choir change the lyrics of Jerusalem to sing 'Britain' instead of 'England' Back in her skinny jeans! Make-up free Irina Shayk shows off her slim figure as she steps out with baby Lea after jetting back from Cannes MerseyGirls make the BGT finals after teen with scoliosis left Alesha Dixon in tears with routine... as it's revealed she needs £78,000 to fix her spine  Heidi Klum, 43, hits the beach with shirtless beau Vito Schnabel, 30, in Mykonos... after revealing she has 'no problem with nudity' Beach break 'She started three families with three different people and f*****everyone over!' Kim Kardashian slams Caitlyn Jenner's book for 'scapegoating' Kris She's got some front! Mariah Carey flashes cleavage as she dons thigh-skimming bodycon dress and black crop top for meeting in Beverly Hills 'Never even heard of her': Rob Kardashian denies dating reality star Mehgan James following Blac Chyna split 'Follow Gregg cuz he doesn't post': Bella Thorne urges fans to check out her rekindled boyfriend Sulkin on Snapchat Well she is Beyonce's mum! Tina Knowles, 63, shows off her fit figure in skintight Ivy Park workout gear Showed off her amazing figure Pregnant Cara De La Hoyde cradles her blossoming baby bump at fashion party... after revealing she's been body shamed for being 'too small' 'Love has no barriers': Celine Dion leads celebrities including Britney Spears and Selena Gomez in penning Pride letters Not impressed? Hailey Baldwin looks underwhelmed as she leaves posh Beverly Hills hotel in casual biker jacket Looking chic in blue PICTURED: Blushing bride Emmy Rossum stuns in custom Carolina Herrera gown as she marries Sam Esmail in New York Wedding bells Grace yourself! Big Brother's VERY busty Lateysha steals the spotlight as she flaunts her ample curves in semi-sheer gold jumpsuit for launch Star walks! Slim Natalie Portman looks full of spring cheer as she goes for a stroll with baby daughter in LA Flashed a huge smile as she enjoyed the sun PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taste of the high life! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn are seen together for first time as she treats little known actor beau to private jet ride  Renee Zellweger wows in cleavage-baring little black dress as she's honored at Greenwich International Film Festival gala Belle of the ball 'It's actually pretty scary': Danay Garcia discusses fate of her character Luciana on Fear The Walking Dead Survived the season two finale Pierce Brosnan and wife of 16 years Keely Shaye Smith look tanned and relaxed as they jet out of LAX after romantic holiday in Hawaii Robbie Williams is 'in talks to join Take That for a very special reunion' at Ariana Grande's star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit concert 'It's a joint celebration': Proud dad Ronnie Wood marks his 70th birthday in style as he poses with his two biggest fans Twin girls marked their first birthday Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez steps out in figure-hugging grey dress in Corsica... after his mother rubbishes pregnancy rumours Hold my hand mommy! Kourtney Kardashian steps out with Penelope for a day of shopping in Beverly Hills  Mother-of-three  Kesha shows her country side in a denim shirt and red bandana as she jets out of LAX with boyfriend Brad Looked besotted with her beau of three years Diva moment! Bethenny Frankel gestures wildly in frustration on set of her new reality show in NYC She's known for her emotional outbursts Top of the crops! Iggy Azalea flashes her tiny midriff in unusual cropped tracksuit as she signs autographs and poses with fans at LAX airport Khloe Kardashian puts her derriere on full display in skintight blue denim as she runs errands in Beverly Hills Made In Chelsea beauty Stephanie Pratt shows off her leggy figure in sequinned gold top and tiny cowboy-inspired shorts for beauty event EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Game, set, match! Tennis ace Caroline Wozniacki enjoys a romantic day off from French Open with beau David Lee  Captain Ross, who? Demelza's dishy brother sets pulses racing as he goes shirtless in steamy trailer for Poldark after Aidan Turner admitted he won't be stripping off Hilary Swank cosies up to boyfriend Philip Schneider as she joins Robert Downey Jr and wife at Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail's star-studded wedding  Rebel Wilson's U.S. agent was baffled by lull in Hollywood star's career and expected her to get multimillion dollar offers after success of Pitch Perfect movie 'I didn't drink for three years': Phil Collins has started enjoying 'a couple of glasses of wine again'... despite admitting alcohol almost killed him 'I have no idea when it's coming out': Iggy Azalea slams record label for delaying album release date in now-deleted Snapchat rant Penelope gives us the plain truth: Actress says she not that glamorous as she talks about Murder On The Orient Express  Mysterious missionary Mellow yellow! Anne Hathaway looks slim in a vibrant top while out in New York City Taking to the streets of SoHo The Wright strut! TOWIE's Jess and Mark Wright's sister Natalya, 16, is snapped up by top modelling agency as she eyes up a career on the catwalk From Paris with love! Sofia Richie and bestie Chloe Bartoli lunch in New York after their saucy trip to Cannes with Scott Disick Out and about Cheery Chelsy Davy parties up a storm in London... weeks after ex Prince Harry attends Pippa Middleton's wedding with girlfriend Meghan Markle They're a perfect match! Genetically-blessed Margot Robbie and husband Tom Ackerley don cute co-ordinating pineapple outfits Who's your papa? Fabio to star as the Pope in Sharknado 5 as list of celebrity cameos are revealed Interesting casting 'This is your chance': Sarah Silverman reveals reaching out to Ivanka Trump via Twitter on Chelsea talk show 46-year-old comedian  'What would you do?' Khloe Kardashian cryptically asks followers for advice about an unnamed 'friend' who is 'stealing' from the reality starlet Keeping it casual: Modern Family star Ariel Winter, 19, dons baggy gray sweatpants and dark t-shirt for stroll with beau Levi Meaden, 29 Casual Strictly's Danny goes to town in Regent's Park: QUENTIN LETTS watches Bernstein with balletic gusto in On The Town  Who needs down time? Athletic newlyweds Pippa and James squeeze in a jog around Sydney Opera House as their action-packed honeymoon continues  Why Elaine is turning a new Paige: First lady of musicals explains why she's hanging up her dancing shoes... but isn't retiring  The Doll's House door swings open again for Nora: Show's star Laurie Metcalf tells how she relished reinventing one of theatre's most famous characters  Scarlet fever! Gigi Hadid rocks red dipped hair in powerful new Versace ad campaign Multi-coloured locks Checkmate! Rachel Weisz shows off her fashion prowess as she steps out in summery gingham shirt dress in New York Glam in gingham 'Kiss for Daddy': David Beckham enjoys some quality time with children Harper and Brooklyn on African holiday Family fun  Shorely he's kicking himself! Emma McVey flaunts her toned abs and peachy posterior in TINY pink bikini as she shows ex Gaz Beadle what he's missing We let our mother down... we couldn't protect her, say William and Harry: Princes make emotional admission in interview about Diana's death 'Brand new experience': will.i.am reveals Fergie is leaving The Black Eyed Peas and that Nicole Scherzinger is on the band's new venture 'You'll never EVER break the Westbrook': Defiant Danniella admits that despite 'car crash life' and being 'raped and cheated on' she will have a better future Tat's the spirit! Malin Ackerman reveals her stylish back tattoo while lunching in flirty halter top and high-waisted jeans Inked up Melissa McCarthy dons chic checkered shawl as she enjoys Disneyland outing with her husband and daughters Check her out Her own best advert! Kendall Jenner puts on leggy display in off-the-shoulder romper over bodysuit from her clothing range while out in LA Charmed by a boy called Courgette: New French flick My Life As A Courgette is a touching but troubling animation BRIAN VINER Dev Patel's girlfriend actress Tilda Cobham-Hervey attends glamorous Australians In Film dinner in LA as she compets cholarship Wham bam, thank you ma'am! Wonder Woman packs a punch - and a punchline - in her long-awaited, big-screen debut New adaptation EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Let's hope morose-looking Dragons' Den star Duncan Bannatyne, 68, is destined for happiness as he prepares for wedding Selena Gomez is 'head-over-heels in love' with beau The Weeknd and this relationship is 'very different' from the one she had with Justin Bieber Former TOWIE star Jasmin Walia looks every inch the sex-kitten in plunging PVC mini-dress and perspex heels as she continues wild Ibiza getaway Was BGT illusionist Josephine Lee assisted by a TWIN? David Walliams' 'sisters are doing it for themselves' remark sparks a conspiracy theory  'No one else should decide when you've had enough pain': Cally Jane Beech claims 'prisoners have more rights' than women... after having to demand epidural Penny Lancaster, 46, shows off her model figure in a plunging bikini and kaftan while hand in hand with husband Rod Stewart, 72, and son Aiden in St Tropez Peek-a-boo! Vanessa Hudgens appears shy as she dons demure athletic attire on outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Making sweet music together: Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton head to a recording studio together in LA Working on something new? Calling on Saul? Tough guy fixer Mike seems ready to work for Gus in new Better Call Saul trailer... as sleazy lawyer's money woes worsen Caitlyn Jenner keeps it comfortable in blue long-sleeved top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Malibu... amid family feud over her tell-all memoir Twice as nice! Cat Deeley stuns in a ladylike white frock for interview... before emerging in grey slip and suede jacket Elegant SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Fish out of water! Rod's quirky girls  Sir Rod's Stewart's model daughters Sun's out, guns out! Wonder Woman star Chris Pine flaunts his buff biceps in Miami Vice tank top as he grabs an iced coffee in NYC 100% Cotton? Fearne makes embarrassing fashion faux pas as she arrives at studios with tag still attached to her dress Fast fashion What will Gregg say! Bella Thorne goes TOPLESS on Snapchat before deleting raunchy video... after reuniting with ex Sulkin following Scott Disick 'humiliation' Blooming beautiful! Transgender model Andreja Pejic dons floral blouse for casual summer stroll around New York City Stepping out in style PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Danielle Lloyd defiantly shows off her baby bump in Dubai... after slamming trolls who claimed she looks like 'washed up whale' Footsore? Brooke Shields ditches her heels for flip flops and simple sundress as she shops till she drops in New York City Classic look Smooth landing! Fresh-faced Margot Robbie is spotted arriving at LAX airport in a stylish top and jeans after jetting in from London Glamorous Showing it off at the beach! Joanna Krupa's nipple peeks through her shredded white top as she splashes around in Malibu Daring to bare 'It's hard when you miss big milestones': Andy Murray reveals it was 'tough' being on tour when baby Sophia took her first steps... as wife Kim cheers him on Doesn't he know how to drive? Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban is chauffeured to his favourite Hollywood hot spot agian Made In Ibiza! Bikini-clad Georgia Toffolo leads Chelsea new girls Ella, Mimi and Daisy as they frolic by the pool to film forthcoming summer series of MIC Tatt's nice! Male supermodel Jordan Barrett gets inked in Barcelona after hanging out with Lara Stone and Bella Hadid in Cannes Under the needle 'It's a comedian's job to cross the line': Jim Carrey comes to Kathy Griffin's defense after bloody Trump head photo causes outrage Show of support Drug, girls and shepherd's pie! As the Rolling Stones, combined age of 292, go on tour AGAIN, we reveal untold stories from 55 years on road Taking a chance on her! Amanda Seyfried set to reprise her leading role in Mamma Mia! sequel due out in 2018 Back again 'There are such a**holes out there': Chloe Lattanzi QUITS Instagram after being slammed for sharing selfies while mother Olivia battles cancer Her own best ad! Reese Witherspoon steps out toting a chic and stylish $165 straw purse from her line Draper James Beaming 'They are talking again and it may lead to something in the future': Exes Lydia Bright and James Argent are 'back in touch'... after both quitting TOWIE Geri Horner rocks a casual baseball cap and white bomber jacket as she takes a relaxing stroll with baby son Monty and a female friend NSFW: Playboy vet Kendra Wilkinson lets a Las Vegas dancer climb on her during male revue show... even though she's married with kids Salma Hayek stuns in a black dress with sheer detailing as she cosies up to husband François-Henri Pinault at Beatriz At Dinner screening in London Marilyn Monroe's Los Angeles home, where the Some Like It Hot actress overdosed in 1962, sells over the $6.9m asking price for $7.25m Little Mix will join Robbie Williams, Black Eyed Peas, Katy Perry and Justin Bieber at Ariana Grande's star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  All over tan! Caroline Flack joins a female friend for a TOPLESS dip in the pool ahead of the launch of the new season of Love Island in Mallorca Wild thing! Jaime Winstone puts on a colourful display in leopard-print jacket and red patent trousers as she attends Perfect Ten Exhibition Back on her feet! Daisy Lowe almost flashes her underwear in striped mini skirt in Primrose Hill... after recovering from embarrassing tumble Major multi-tasking! Zoe Saldana pulls a Gisele Bundchen by sharing photo where she's getting glammed while holding baby and cell phone 'Girls just wanna have SUN': Tanned and toned Vicky Pattison flaunts her assets in a pink bikini as she thrills fans in another sexy holiday snap 'I asked her some dumb questions': Elisabeth Moss reveals she exhausted The Handmaid's Tale author for information about her role in drama The Doll's House door swings open again for Nora: Show's star Laurie Metcalf tells how she relished reinventing one of theatre's most famous characters  Making a monkey out of modern art: The Square is an unworthy winner of the Palme d'Or, writes BRIAN VINER Mistake Worse for wear Nikki Sanderson puts on a busty display in skimpy black vest and tiny shorts as she enjoys boozy night out with beau Greg in Ibiza  Defiant Rihanna flashes sideboob in a revealing white dress... after she was fat-shamed by sports writer who said she looked like she was 'in a sumo suit' Ronnie Wood celebrates his 70th with wife Sally, 39, and twin daughters... as he reveals neck scar after keyhole surgery for a small lesion on his lung Former TOWIE star Pascal Craymer shows off her toned figure in a floral string bikini as she takes a trip to the beach in Marbella Making a splash Heidi Montag says Lauren Conrad has NOT reached out to her even though they are both pregnant at same time... but Audrina and Kristin have Chris Cornell's widow is waiting for toxicology results to clear up 'unanswered questions' about his suicide and believes prescription drugs were the cause Brad Pitt is spotted treating the late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell's children to hot chocolate at Universal Studios Hollywood Pregnant Kimberly Wyatt shows off her burgeoning baby bump in a playsuit as she takes to the stage at the Hay Festival Glowing 'First time and the last time we were together': Chris Cornell's brother Peter breaks his silence on the rocker's death by posting touching tribute Ttagic singer' Rochelle Humes catches the eye in stylish minidress... as husband Marvin hits the gym after she praises Zac Efron's incredible physique on Lorraine   Thrill ride! Moustachioed Johnny Depp appears alongside Daisy Ridley in suspense packed trailer for Murder On The Orient Express Couple Goals! Chloe Goodman cosies up to footballer boyfriend Jordan Clarke as they confirm reconciliation rumours with romantic holiday  Julia Roberts' upcoming TV series Today Will Be Different picked up by HBO Based on the book of the same name from author Maria Semple On the mend? Gwyneth Paltrow tries to get back in her stride as she steps out in Los Angeles... despite her injured foot still requiring a medical boot  Pretty in prints! Vanessa Hudgens is a happy shopper in cute maxi dress alongside boyfriend of six years Austin Butler Fun in the sun Fab in florals! Isla Fisher is radiant in springtime ensemble as she joins Denis Leary and John Hodgman on a panel at BookExpo 2017 in New York Poldark star Eleanor Tomlinson ties her famous red locks in a bun and wears a boho floral shirt as fans gear up for the third series of the costume drama 'I would have been a lousy father!' Steve Martin, 71, reveals why it is important he became a dad later in life Late bloomer Johnny Depp 'had no idea managers used his assets to total $40m in debt to cover up mishandling his money matters' Actor's former team Heavenly! Victoria's Secret model Romee Strijd gives a peek at toned tum in tie-up shirt over crop top on New York stroll with beau Abs-olutely gorgeous Ahoy, matey! Supermodel Karlie Kloss shoots a cover girl look while walking in NYC with snazzy sailor-inspired slacks Every bit the supermodel 'I feel less womanly': Loose Women's Andrea McLean, 47, reveals she also suffers from hair loss following co-star Nadia Sawalha's balding revelation Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's Beverly Hills estate is being sold for $18m as belongings - including movie memorabilia- are auctionned David Beckham, Gary Lineker and Ant and Dec lose their bid to overturn a £700million tax bill after investing in controversial film schemes Luke at you! Gary Lucy, 35, looks ageless as he appears on Hollyoaks set for first time in 15 YEARS to reprise role on Lucas Morgan 'I still look good a little squishier': Bikini-clad Ashley James showcases her enviable curves as she tells her followers 'life is for living' in heartfelt post Prince Harry's former flame Chelsy Davy says launching a jewellery line brought out her 'inner geek' as she models her own designs in stunning photoshoot  Movie based on Bill O'Reilly's bestselling book 'Killing Patton' has been scrapped by Fox's National Geographic Network Axed project 'It's the best surprise you can have!' Pregnant Serena Williams confirms she does NOT know the gender of her child... after sister Venus called baby 'she' Fans go WILD as pregnant Beyonce is officially announced as headliner at Coachella 2018... after withdrawing from this year's festival amid baby news Stephanie Davis sparks concern among fans as she pens 'so long guys' alongside snap with son... amid rumours of a family feud over baby's surname Annabelle Wallis is the picture of class in billowing floral maxi dress as she promotes The Mummy with co-star Sofia Boutella at the AOL Build Series Leggy Imogen Thomas slips her enviable figure into skimpy black shorts as she treats herself to an ice lolly on her way to the shops Former Miss Wales Coronation Street viewers shocked as grooming story takes another sickening turn when Bethany Platt discovers underage girl being sold for sex Fatboy Slim is on fine form as he takes to the decks weeks after cutting a gaunt figure... as family rallies around ex Zoe Ball in the wake of boyfriend's death Justin Bieber posts 24 BIZARRE photos within an hour... including that photo of him fighting man twice his size and his head photoshopped onto a woman's body Making a splash! Kelly Ripa dons paper crown and patterned midi dress as she and Ryan Seacrest spray hoses in Live gag Hosing off Beverly Hills, 90210 co-stars Tori Spelling and Ian Ziering reunite for the launch of his wife's brand new mommy blog Together again Nicole Kidman, 49, says she's 'thrilled' to be playing the MOTHER of Jason Momoa, 37, in Aquaman... even though she's only 12 years older than him 'I was moved by what a decent person Brad Pitt was': Meg Tilly, 57, talks 'generous' War Machine co-star as she returns to acting after 18 YEAR break Salma Hayek shows off her toned arms in a dark midi dress with unusual cut-out shoulder panels at the Sundance Film Festival: London Marcus Welby, MD nurse Elena Verdugo dies at age 92 after a long Hollywood career that included starring in House Of Frankenstein Split! Workaholics actor Blake Anderson and wife Rachael Finley are set to divorce after five years of marriage and one child named Mars 'Normal is boring': Christina El Moussa's daughter Taylor wears statement shirt... after months of family drama between mom and dad Family drama EOTB star ZaraLena Jackson puts on an eye-popping display in plunging trouser suit as she joins Take Me Out's Emily Longden at beauty bash in Manchester Margot Robbie shows off her enviable pins in tight-fitting leather trousers as she jets out of London... after putting on leggy display in pinafore dress While the Katie's away...! Solo Jamie Foxx showcases his '$2m' customised Bugatti Veyron... as relationship with Holmes 'goes from strength to strength' Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley shows off her enviable abs and toned pins in skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys sun-filled getaway Battle of the CBB babes! Katie Price set to go head-to-head with Bianca Gascoigne in charity boxing match Bianca, 30, has always been hot on her heels Priyanka Chopra posts SELFIES from Berlin's Holocaust memorial before deleting them  Former Miss World Priyanka was in Berlin, promoting her new film Come and get it while it's hot! Ali Larter beams in a simple yet chic dress as she feasts on fancy fried chicken at event  Chowing down 'I'm sorry... everything works out in the end': Geri Horner apologises to her fans for quitting the Spice Girls, 19 years after she dramatically left the girl group Hats off to her! Jessica Chastain handles her own extensive luggage as she touches down in Milan in a trendy fedora after Cannes This is the life! Coleen Rooney shows off her tanned figure in skimpy green bikini during relaxing beach day in Barbados with husband Wayne and their boys 'That's insane!' Kendall Jenner bangs on table as family reacts to Caitlyn's memoir... and Kim Kardashian admits to reading the whole thing Fun in the sun! FEMAIL reveals how to accessorise your swimsuit like beach babes Kourtney, Kendall and Alessandra  Take your daughter to work day! Myleene Klass shows off her trim figure in chic strapless dress as she walks to radio station with Hero, six 'We were like a real-life married couple': Roy Barraclough's onscreen wife Julie 'Bet Lynch' Goodyear says she 'will always love' actor as he dies, 81  'We were on fire': Rita Ora poses in very racy fishnet bodysuit for sultry shoot as she teases her 'ambiguous' relationship with 'wifey' Cara Delevingne No heartache here! Lauren Bushnell beams at LA airport after revealing she has NOT returned diamond engagement ring to Bachelor Ben Higgins Stephen Merchant looks upbeat as the 6ft 7in star towers above his mystery blonde companion while stocking up on groceries in LA On a spiritual journey? Kourtney Kardashian leaves a Beverly Hills church in a fluffy cropped jacket while ex Scott Disick is spotted with EIGHTH woman What a handful! Cheeky Travis Scott gets a firm grip on Kylie Jenner's derriere during PDA-heavy outing in Los Angeles She can be a handful No regrets! Robbie Williams drops plans to build a 'whimsical folly' 28ft by 16ft summer-house in his back garden after a huge backlash Countdown to a big announcement? Rachel Riley fools fans as she poses with fake baby bump on the set of her TV show Dating Pasha Kovalev Life is beautiful! Makeup-free Natasha Oakley flaunts her curves in skimpy bikini as she tours Italy with personal trainer beau Gilles Souteyrand Zayn Malik cuts a casual figure in a novelty T-shirt and ripped denims as he heads to a New York recording studio  Looked ultra-cool  Love Island's Hannah Elizabeth shows off eye-popping assets in TINY black bikini as she larks around following ex-fiancé Jon Clark's love woes Did Pippa have a wedding smile-over? Dentists believe Mrs Matthews had 'gold standard aligning, bleaching and bonding' ahead of her big day  Spoiler, Mr President! Taylor Schilling and Laverne Cox recall meeting Barack and Michelle Obama... who were terrified they would let slip OITMB plot 'I wanted to remind everyone he's an old fart': Liam Gallagher admits Manchester attack inspired him to wish brother Noel a happy 50th birthday  Pippa Middleton pairs sunglasses with $365 Orla Kiely blouse as she touches down in balmy Darwin on honeymoon before climbing on board ANOTHER flight James Corden and Ed Sheeran show off their rap skills as teaser for new Carpool Karaoke is revealed for star-studded UK episodes of The Late Late Show 'He's decked out!' Liam Payne reveals son Bear, 10 weeks, boasts a wardrobe of GUCCI baby clothes... with prices tipping £1,200 for tot's collection All of me! Topless Chrissy Teigen guards her modesty as she shows off her fresh spray tan on Snapchat Shared a naked picture on social media Braless Amanda Holden nearly bares all in dress with high split for BGT semi-finals... after vowing to spark 'Ofcom complaints' with her racy ensembles  Eva Longoria cuts a stylish figure in pin-hugging denims as she films Overboard remake alongside Anna Faris in Canada Ex-Desperate Housewife Smitten Sophie Turner greets boyfriend Joe Jonas with a hug as they reunite in London ... as she prepares for imminent return of Game Of Thrones Geri Horner sizzles in red figure-hugging cocktail dress as she puts on an affectionate display with husband Christian at End The Silence charity bash Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Latest Business Technology Artificial Intelligence VR/AR Autonomous Vehicles Graphene Financial Glossary Latest Business Technology Artificial Intelligence VR/AR Autonomous Vehicles Graphene Financial Glossary Boeing spat with Canadian defence minister hurts fighter jet deal Boeing spat with Canadian defence minister hurts fighter jet deal June 1, 2017, 7:57 PM BST | Written by Christian Nordqvist | A Boeing spat with Canadian Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan led to the American airplane maker abandoning an announcement about fighter jets it was hoping to sell to Canada. Mr. Sajjan had objected to Boeing’s behaviour in a trade dispute with Bombardier Inc., a Canadian multinational aerospace and transportation company. The Financial Post quoted Scott Day, a Boeing spokesman who said at CANSEC, the Ottawa defence show: “Due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story.” The F/A-18 Super Hornet is a supersonic, twin-engine, all weather multi-role jet fighter that is able to land and take off from an aircraft carrier. At just under $100 million each (flyaway cost), Boeing’s complaint may have lost it (so far) $1.8 billion’s worth of Canadian business. (F/A-18 Super Hornet webiste) On May 31st, Defence Minister Sajjan said: “Our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners [Boeing]. We strongly disagree with the decision of the United States Commerce Department to initiate a trade remedy case in response to Boeing’s petition against Bombardier.” “As my colleague, the Minister of Foreign Affairs has indicated, Canada is reviewing our procurement involving that firm. As you all know, one of those is the exploration of an interim fleet of fighter jets.” Boeing says subsidies unfair According to Boeing, Bombardier benefits unfairly from Canadian government subsidies by selling airplanes below cost to the US. The Canadian government minister was furious regarding the claim and has cut off contacts with Boeing. Boeing had planned to announce at CANSEC which Canadian suppliers would benefit if the purchase of fighter jets went ahead. There are approximately 560 Canadian suppliers. Harjit Singh Sajjan, born in Bombeli, India in 1970, is Canada’s Minister of National Defence. Before entering politics, Sajjan was a detective investigating gangs for the Vancouver Police Department. As a regimental commander in the Canadian Armed Forces, he was decorated for his service in Afghanistan. He emigrated with his family to Canada when he was five years old. Sajjan is the first Sikh to become Minister of Defence and also the first Sikh-Canadian to command a Canadian Army reserve regiment. (Image: twitter.com/harjitsajjan) Canadian minister and lower-end officials were giving the Boeing stand at CANSEC the cold shoulder (not visiting it), according to local media reports. Canada will soon need to replace its fleet of seventy-seven aging Boeing CF-18 air force planes. It needs the eighteen Super Hornet jets as a stopgap until an open tender competition can be launched. In a press conference, Steven McKinnon, Parliamentary Secretary to Public Services Procurement Minister Judy Foote, said: “We have a capability gap, we outlined a process, our partner in that process is not acting like a valued partner right now so we’ve suspended discussions with that partner.” What is CANSEC? CANSEC is Canada’s Global Defence and Security Trade Show. It has been held once a year in Ottawa since 1998 by the Canadian Association of Defence and Security Industries (CADSI). According to CADSI: “CANSEC 2017 will once again showcase leading-edge technology, products and services for land-based, naval, aerospace and joint forces military units. This two-day event is the largest and most important defence industry event in Canada.” Video – CANSEC This CADSI video explains what CANSEC is, Canada’s Global Defence and Security Trade Show. Share this article: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Print No part of this website or any of its contents may be reproduced, copied, or modified, without prior consent, unless otherwise indicated for stand-alone materials. About - Contact Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy © 2017 · Market Business News. - MBN is based in East Sussex, England. Type and press Enter to search We use cookies to personalise content and ads. More info
العربية 中文 Español English Français @*@ Searchform Go Weather Victoria 14°C Vancouver 14°C Edmonton 15°C Regina 22°C Winnipeg 20°C Toronto 11°C Ottawa 8°C Montréal 10°C Québec 9°C Fredericton 11°C Halifax 11°C Charlottetown 11°C Saint-John's 4°C Whitehorse 10°C Yellowknife 15°C Iqaluit -1°C Canadian WeatherWorld Weather Home Home Highlights In depth Discovering Canada Contact us A member of the military walks past the Boeing F/A-18E Super Hornet display at the Canadian Association of Defence and Security conference in Ottawa, Wednesday May 31, 2017. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan used a major speech Wednesday to the defence industry to blast American firm Boeing for picking a trade spat with Bombardier. Photo Credit: PC / Adrian Wyld Boeing cancels fighter jet announcement amid spat with Ottawa over Bombardier By Levon Sevunts | english@rcinet.ca Thursday 1 June, 2017 , 1 Comment ↓ Share Boeing is slamming the breaks on its plans to make a major announcement regarding the sale of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets to Canada after Ottawa took the aerospace and defence manufacturer to task over its complaint against Bombardier. Boeing spokesman Scott Day said this morning that the company is postponing its planned Interim Fighter Capability Project (IFCP) industry teaming announcement at the annual CANSEC defence industry trade show organized the Canadian Association of Defence and Security Industries (CADSI). “Boeing had planned to announce the IFCP industry partnership team today at CANSEC,” Day said. “However, due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story.” Canada plays hardball Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan’s office refused to comment on the matter. “Minister Sajjan’s comments yesterday speak for themselves and we do not have anything to add,” Jordan Owens, the minister’s spokesperson, said in an email. The announcement by Boeing came after Sajjan blasted the company on Wednesday for picking a trade spat with Bombardier in a keynote address to defence industry representatives at CANSEC. Minister of National Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan speaks at the Canadian Association of Defence and Security conference in Ottawa, Wednesday May 31, 2017. © PC/Adrian Wyld Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies for Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the Canadian company to export planes at well below cost. In a breakfast speech to hundreds of defence contractors, including representatives of Boeing, Sajjan said Canada is disappointed by the “unfounded” action by one of its major partners in the defence industry. “We strongly disagree with the decision of the United States Commerce Department to initiate a trade remedy case in response to Boeing’s petition against Bombardier,” Sajjan said. “As my colleague, the minister of foreign affairs has indicated, Canada is reviewing our procurement involving that firm. As you all know, one of those is the exploration of an interim fleet of fighter jets.” Urgent stopgap measure? Canada had announced plans to buy 18 Super Hornet fighter jets as a stopgap measure to beef up its legacy fleet of CF-18 fighter jets – also produced by Boeing – because it didn’t have enough jets to meet its NORAD and NATO obligations, Sajjan said. A Boeing F/A-18 E/F Super Hornet flies on display during Farnborough International Air Show, Farnborough, England, Tuesday, July 15, 2014. © Sang Tan “The interim fleet procurement requires a trusted industry partner,” Sajjan said. However, Boeing is not behaving like a “trusted partner” and the government wants the company to withdraw the complaint, he said. “We are following a normal process available to U.S. companies, we’re following U.S. laws,” Day told Radio Canada International Wednesday. “Obviously this is not a done deal yet, we value the minister’s opinion and we think the Super Hornet is still a valuable fit for Canadian defences.” ‘Unwavering commitment’ Boeing’s commitment to Canada “has been, and remains, unwavering,” Day said on Thursday. The company’s operations in Canada account for 14 per cent of the country’s aerospace industry. That includes 560 companies that provide parts to Boeing commercial airplanes and 2,000 company workers in the country. “Boeing has provided reliable solutions to Canada’s defence and security needs, and we respect the mutual trust we have established with the Canadian Armed Forces through the successful execution of several key programs, including the CF-188 Hornet, CC-177 Globemaster III and CH-147 Chinook,” Day said. With files from The Canadian Press Share Tagged with: Boeing, Canada, Super Hornet Posted in Economy, International, Military, Politics Do you want to report an error or a typo? Click here! More stories « Pollution costs Canadians billions annually: report Kids and screen time: new limits recommended » @*@ Comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  characters available Note: By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that Radio Canada International has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Radio Canada International does not endorse any of the views posted. Your comments will be pre-moderated and published if they meet netiquette guidelines. Netiquette » When you express your personal opinion in an online forum, you must be as courteous as if you were speaking with someone face-to-face. Insults and personal attacks will not be tolerated. To disagree with an opinion, an idea or an event is one thing, but to show disrespect for other people is quite another. Great minds don’t always think alike—and that’s precisely what makes online dialogue so interesting and valuable. Netiquette is the set of rules of conduct governing how you should behave when communicating via the Internet. Before you post a message to a blog or forum, it’s important to read and understand these rules. Otherwise, you may be banned from posting. RCInet.ca’s online forums are not anonymous. Users must register, and give their full name and place of residence, which are displayed alongside each of their comments. RCInet.ca reserves the right not to publish comments if there is any doubt as to the identity of their author. Assuming the identity of another person with intent to mislead or cause harm is a serious infraction that may result in the offender being banned. RCInet.ca’s online forums are open to everyone, without regard to age, ethnic origin, religion, gender or sexual orientation. Comments that are defamatory, hateful, racist, xenophobic, sexist, or that disparage an ethnic origin, religious affiliation or age group will not be published. In online speak, writing in ALL CAPS is considered yelling, and may be interpreted as aggressive behaviour, which is unpleasant for the people reading. Any message containing one or more words in all caps (except for initialisms and acronyms) will be rejected, as will any message containing one or more words in bold, italic or underlined characters. Use of vulgar, obscene or objectionable language is prohibited. Forums are public places and your comments could offend some users. People who use inappropriate language will be banned. Mutual respect is essential among users. Insulting, threatening or harassing another user is prohibited. You can express your disagreement with an idea without attacking anyone. Exchanging arguments and opposing views is a key component of healthy debate, but it should not turn into a dialogue or private discussion between two users who address each other without regard for the other participants. Messages of this type will not be posted. Radio Canada International publishes contents in five languages. The language used in the forums has to be the same as the contents we publish. The usage of other languages, with the exception of some words, is forbidden. Messages that are off-topic will not be published. Making repetitive posts disrupts the flow of discussions and will not be tolerated. Adding images or any other type of file to comments is forbidden. Including hyperlinks to other websites is allowed, as long as they comply with netiquette. Radio Canada International  is in no way responsible for the content of such sites, however. Copying and pasting text written by someone else, even if you credit the author, is unacceptable if that text makes up the majority of your comment. Posting any type of advertising or call to action, in any form, to Radio Canada International  forums is prohibited. All comments and other types of content are moderated before publication. Radio Canada International  reserves the right to refuse any comment for publication. Radio Canada International  reserves the right to close a forum at any time, without notice. Radio Canada International  reserves the right to amend this code of conduct (netiquette) at any time, without notice. By participating in its online forums, you allow Radio Canada International to publish your comments on the web for an indefinite time. This also implies that these messages will be indexed by Internet search engines. Radio Canada International has no obligation to remove your messages from the web if one day you request it. We invite you to carefully consider your comments and the consequences of their posting. Name * Email * Website Current ye@r * Leave this field empty One comment on “Boeing cancels fighter jet announcement amid spat with Ottawa over Bombardier” Herry says: 1 June 2017 at 12 h 59 min You won’t read this in the Ottawa Citizen unless you like missing pages and redirects. We live in the 21st century but these useless, pathetic idiots are STILL living in the 11th century. They are proud of their own stupidity !!! Reply ﻿ Search by Category • • • AnimalsArts and EntertainmentEconomyEducationEnvironmentHealthHistoryImmigration & RefugeIndigenousInternationalLifestyleMilitaryPoliticsPress revueScience and TechnologySocietySportsUp closeWork & Labour Author • • • Carmel KilkennyEilís Quinn, Eye on the ArcticLynn DesjardinsLevon SevuntsMarie-Claude SimardMarc MontgomerySoleiman MellaliTerry Haig Listen to us The LinkListen to our weekly show All shows Subscribe to our podcast Subscribe to our podcast (iTunes) Download the latest podcast Première chaine CBC Radio one Espace musique CBC Radio 2 Your choices Highlights Additional Languages 881 ♥ Prince Charles and Camilla to visit Canada for 150th anniversary of Confederation 746 ♥ Trudeau-Macron bromance offers ‘new face of Franco-Canadian friendship’ 513 ♥ Trudeau ‘appalled and angered’ by deadly attack on Egypt’s Coptic Christians 436 ♥ Chinese lawsuit alleges multi-million dollar Canadian immigration scam 403 ♥ Animal auction raises questions 282 ♥ Ontario updates labour laws, $15 minimum wage 269 ♥ Canada’s terrorism threat level remains unchanged 234 ♥ Canada takes part in massive Arctic air force drill in northern Scandinavia 201 ♥ Canada launches famine relief fund to avert humanitarian disaster 174 ♥ Reducing grocery store food waste Economy, Environment, Indigenous, International, Politics, SocietyArctic countries blast Trump decision to withdraw from Paris climate dealEconomy, History, Immigration & Refuge, Indigenous, Politics, SocietyCouillard says "time is right" to reopen talks on constitutionArts and Entertainment, History, International, SocietySgt. Pepper: It was 50 years ago today...Arts and Entertainment, Environment, History, International, Lifestyle, SocietyStanley Park best in the worldSocietyFormer nurse pleads guilty to killing 8 elderly patientsAnimals, International, SocietyCaution urged as Atlantic salmon stocks declineArts and Entertainment, Education, Health, Lifestyle, Science and Technology, SocietyKids and screen time: new limits recommendedEconomy, International, Military, PoliticsBoeing cancels fighter jet announcement amid spat with Ottawa over BombardierEnvironment, Health, SocietyPollution costs Canadians billions annually: reportInternationalCanada condemns 'heinous' Kabul bombing RCI | FrançaisTam-Tam Canada - 28 mai : le secret de la qualité de vie à la canadienne RCI | EspañolCanadá en las Américas Café del 28-05-2017 RCI | 中文网络周日广播 2017-05-28 العربية | RCIبلا حدود ليوم الأحد 28-05-2017 Follow us On Facebook On Twitter Subscribe to the Cybermagazine Radio-Canada.ca CBC.ca Au moins 36 morts dans un hôtel-casino de ManilleOttawa vole au secours de l’industrie forestière avec 867 millions de dollarsMeurtres d'aînés : l'ex-infirmière Elizabeth Wettlaufer plaide coupable« On n'ouvre pas la Constitution », répond Trudeau à CouillardVenezuela : la nouvelle Constitution soumise en référendumTrump abandonne l'Accord de ParisLe présumé meurtrier Van Son Nguyen s'envole pour le Royaume-UniTâches ménagères : les pères du Québec s'impliquent plus que ceux des PrairiesTrump vertement critiqué pour son retrait de l'Accord de ParisAccord Canada-UE : « On pourrait ne pas le ratifier » – Paul Magnette Unflappable 12-year-old wins U.S. National Spelling Bee with 'marocain'Trump asks Supreme Court to reinstate travel banCBC News wins 7 Digital Publishing AwardsMissing and murdered inquiry wraps emotional 1st hearings in WhitehorseCould a public inquiry prevent more nursing home murders?Trudeau tells Trump Canada is disappointed by withdrawal from Paris climate dealWoman found dead near border was en route to Canada to see newborn granddaughterHow delaying meal times can affect your body clockLevel of Canadians' indebtedness is chief worry: CMHC headDon't let cyberattack threat deter Canada from online voting, says former head of NSA @*@ Footer Home All rights reserved @ Radio Canada International 2013 Subscriptions Cybermagazine Podcast Podcast (iTunes) RSS Feed Facebook Twitter Archives June 2012 - April 2013 2006-2012 Entraide Other sites Radio-Canada.ca Conditions d'utilisation Ombudsman CBC.ca Transparency and Accountability Ombudsman Visit our strategic partners ↑ Scroll to top ↑
Meet Boeing's new covert, flying gas station - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Meet Boeing's new covert, flying gas station Posted: Thursday, June 1, 2017 1:22 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, June 1, 2017 1:53 PM EDT Boeing is set to deliver a refueling tanker that can gas up a jet in midair in complete darkness -- the first of its kind. The first Boeing KC-46 refueling tanker is being readied for the U.S. Air Force. By Jon Ostrower SEATTLE (CNNMoney) -- Boeing is set to deliver a refueling tanker that can gas up a jet in midair in complete darkness -- the first of its kind. The U.S. Air Force is buying 179of the new KC-46 'Pegasus' tankers, which are set to begin delivery at the end of this year. The Air Force has had stealthy jets for decades, but even they have to turn on their lights when refueling in the sky. The KC-46's ability to gas up an aircraft in complete darkness is a first for any military. The new jet is part of a $44 billion program to begin replacing hundreds of the Air Force's KC-135 tankers, which have been flying since the Eisenhower Administration. Boeing showed off the new Pegasus for the first time in May, inside a hangar north of Seattle. Adapted from Boeing's twin-aisle 767, each matte gray KC-46 bristles with missile defenses, high definition cameras and infrared lights for flying under the cover of night. The military brass were skeptical that refueling in pitch black could be done at all. Boeing's chief test pilot for the Pegasus, Ron Johnson, said it took years to prove it was possible. Boeing and Air Force test pilots first used the KC-46 to perform a refueling in total darkness in December. The pilots switched off all visible lights and donned night vision goggles, and an enormous C-17 cargo plane crept up behind the KC-46. The pair linked up, and history was made. The KC-46 is designed for combat. Airmen can sprint to the jet and press a single button on its exterior to start its onboard power systems, bringing the aircraft to life. The crew ascends through a hatch underneath the jet's nose and is flying in 10 minutes. No stairs needed. A refueling boom pumps 1,200 gallons every minute to Air Force jets, enough to fill a passenger car in less than a second. Two underwing pods unfurl hoses to refuel Navy, Marine and allied jets with 400 gallons per minute. The KC-46 carries just shy of 32,000 gallons of gas. Pilots have been guiding tankers using a porthole view used for the last 60 years, but that's not so with the Pegasus. Instead, this jet has a high-tech workstation with high definition stereoscopic cameras that give a 185-degree view of everything between the wingtips. 3D glasses give the boom operator a perception of depth. The jet can operate around chemical and biological attacks and is designed to withstand the pulse of a nuclear blast. It has room for 114 troops, or 54 patients or 65,000 pounds of cargo. But the KC-46 is behind schedule and way over budget, according to the Government Accountability Office. Boeing was originally supposed to deliver the first 18 tankers by August, but that deadline has slipped and the GAO warns that additional delays are possible. Despite the cost overruns, the taypayer isn't on the hook. Boeing won the contract to develop the KC-46 at a fixed price of $4.9 billion, and is on the hook for any costs beyond that. The manufacturer has already had to write off $2 billion due to extensive changes it has to make in the 120 miles of wiring that each jet contains. Mike Gibbons, the 33-year Boeing veteran who quietly took over the KC-46 program last August, says the program is done with the expensive write offs. But Boeing and the Air Force said they're again reviewing the schedule. Still, Gibbons said in May he won't give the Air Force its jet unless it's ready. "Our number one goal is to make sure that we don't deliver aircraft until they are fully capable and they will require no [modifications] after they deliver," he said. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Meet Boeing’s new covert, flying gas station Meet Boeing’s new covert, flying gas station Posted on Thursday, June 1, 2017 by CNN in Business News Boeing is set to deliver a refueling tanker that can gas up a jet in midair in complete darkness — the first of its kind. The U.S. Air Force is buying 179of the new KC-46 ‘Pegasus’ tankers, which are set to begin delivery at the end of this year. The Air Force has had stealthy jets for decades, but even they have to turn on their lights when refueling in the sky. The KC-46’s ability to gas up an aircraft in complete darkness is a first for any military. The new jet is part of a $44 billion program to begin replacing hundreds of the Air Force’s KC-135 tankers, which have been flying since the Eisenhower Administration. Boeing showed off the new Pegasus for the first time in May, inside a hangar north of Seattle. Adapted from Boeing’s twin-aisle 767, each matte gray KC-46 bristles with missile defenses, high definition cameras and infrared lights for flying under the cover of night. The military brass were skeptical that refueling in pitch black could be done at all. Boeing’s chief test pilot for the Pegasus, Ron Johnson, said it took years to prove it was possible. Boeing and Air Force test pilots first used the KC-46 to perform a refueling in total darkness in December. The pilots switched off all visible lights and donned night vision goggles, and an enormous C-17 cargo plane crept up behind the KC-46. The pair linked up, and history was made. The KC-46 is designed for combat. Airmen can sprint to the jet and press a single button on its exterior to start its onboard power systems, bringing the aircraft to life. The crew ascends through a hatch underneath the jet’s nose and is flying in 10 minutes. No stairs needed. A refueling boom pumps 1,200 gallons every minute to Air Force jets, enough to fill a passenger car in less than a second. Two underwing pods unfurl hoses to refuel Navy, Marine and allied jets with 400 gallons per minute. The KC-46 carries just shy of 32,000 gallons of gas. Pilots have been guiding tankers using a porthole view used for the last 60 years, but that’s not so with the Pegasus. Instead, this jet has a high-tech workstation with high definition stereoscopic cameras that give a 185-degree view of everything between the wingtips. 3D glasses give the boom operator a perception of depth. The jet can operate around chemical and biological attacks and is designed to withstand the pulse of a nuclear blast. It has room for 114 troops, or 54 patients or 65,000 pounds of cargo. But the KC-46 is behind schedule and way over budget, according to the Government Accountability Office. Boeing was originally supposed to deliver the first 18 tankers by August, but that deadline has slipped and the GAO warns that additional delays are possible. Despite the cost overruns, the taypayer isn’t on the hook. Boeing won the contract to develop the KC-46 at a fixed price of $4.9 billion, and is on the hook for any costs beyond that. The manufacturer has already had to write off $2 billion due to extensive changes it has to make in the 120 miles of wiring that each jet contains. Mike Gibbons, the 33-year Boeing veteran who quietly took over the KC-46 program last August, says the program is done with the expensive write offs. But Boeing and the Air Force said they’re again reviewing the schedule. Still, Gibbons said in May he won’t give the Air Force its jet unless it’s ready. “Our number one goal is to make sure that we don’t deliver aircraft until they are fully capable and they will require no [modifications] after they deliver,” he said. Uber is losing billions: Here's why investors don't care How soon can I retire? Related Posts This massive L.A. home can be yours for $150 million Super Bowl 50 tickets reselling for average of $4,639 DEP Fines Catalyst Energy $185,000 for Water Contamination, Erosion Violations, Spills Warren Buffett’s $1 billion bet on oil Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Politics CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Politics Power & Politics CBC SecureDrop Updated More doubt cast over Super Hornet sale as Liberals break contact with Boeing 'Not the most opportune time to share this good news story,' Boeing says as it cancels partners announcement By Murray Brewster, CBC News Posted: Jun 01, 2017 12:12 PM ET Last Updated: Jun 01, 2017 5:52 PM ET A member of the military walks past a Boeing F/A-18E Super Hornet display at the Canadian Association of Defence and Security conference in Ottawa, Wednesday. Boeing cancelled a planned announcement Thursday about Canada's plan to buy 18 of the jets amid a trade spat between Boeing and Canadian rival Bombardier. (Adrian Wyld/Canadian Press) Murray Brewster Defence and security Murray Brewster is senior defence writer for CBC News, based in Ottawa. He has covered the Canadian military and foreign policy from Parliament Hill for over a decade. Among other assignments, he spent a total of 15 months on the ground covering the Afghan war for The Canadian Press. Prior to that, he covered defence issues and politics for CP in Nova Scotia for 11 years and was bureau chief for Standard Broadcast News in Ottawa. Follow @Murray_Brewster on Twitter More from Murray Brewster Related Stories Defence minister calls on Boeing to withdraw trade petition against Bombardier Boeing says trade complaint against Bombardier designed to prevent larger CSeries Boeing seeks duties at hearing against Bombardier CSeries Canada opens talks on U.S. sole-source 'interim' fighter jet purchase Road map laid out for sole-sourced purchase of fighter jets The tit-for-tat trade spat between the Liberal government and Boeing over the future of the Super Hornet fighter jet purchase escalated Thursday with an acknowledgement that federal officials have been instructed to break off contact with the U.S. aerospace giant. "We have suspended discussions with Boeing and that is what we have decided," Steve MacKinnon, the parliamentary secretary for the public works minister, told reporters following a speech to defence contractors.   Last March, the federal government submitted a request to the Pentagon for a government-to-government purchase of 18 Super Hornets, on an urgent basis, to fulfill what the Liberals have claimed is a capability gap in the fighter jet fleet. As part of that request, National Defence and Public Works officials hold regular discussions with the aircraft-maker in order to iron out details and deliver the specific requirements of the Royal Canadian Air Force. It is those talks that have been suspended, according to MacKinnon. "There are lots of things we can talk to them about, but we have cut off those discussions," he said.  Sajjan blasts Boeing over trade spat with Bombardier Boeing says complaint aims to prevent larger CSeries The dispute, which had largely played out behind closed doors, spilled into the open Wednesday when Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan publicly called out Boeing in front of a room full of defence contractors over the company's commercial trade challenge involving Quebec-based Bombardier. The public rebuke prompted Boeing to scrap the planned unveiling of its Canadian industry partners for the Super Hornet program Thursday morning. The company cited the "current climate" for the decision. "It is not the most opportune time to share this good news story," said Boeing spokesman Scott Day in a statement, issued shorty before the briefing was to take place at an Ottawa defence industry trade show. Trade complaint Boeing has been engaged in a very public battle with Canada's Bombardier. The U.S. aircraft maker wants trade regulators in Washington to investigate subsidies for Bombardier's CSeries aircraft, claiming they allow the Canadian company to export planes at well below cost. On Wednesday, Sajjan called on Boeing to halt its trade complaint against Bombardier. He also upped the ante in the Liberal government's threat to cancel the planned sole-source purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets by suggesting there were alternatives to the interim procurement. "The interim fleet procurement requires a trusted industry partner," Sajjan said. "Our government is of the view their action against Bombardier is unfounded. It is not the behaviour we expect of a trusted partner, and we call on Boeing to withdraw it." ​ Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan used his speech Wednesday at CANSEC to blast Boeing for its trade complaint against Quebec-based rival Bombardier. (Adrian Wyld/Canadian Press) MacKinnon kept the pressure up on Thursday. "We certainly hope they'll reconsider their recent actions, which are not friendly and not in Canada's interests," he said.  Sajjan's office refused to comment on the matter Thursday. "Minister Sajjan's comments [Wednesday] speak for themselves and we do not have anything to add," Jordan Owens, the minister's spokesperson, said in an email. Canada had announced plans to buy 18 Super Hornet fighter jets as a stopgap measure to beef up its legacy fleet of CF-18 fighter jets, which were also produced by Boeing. Sajjan said at the time Canada didn't have enough jets to meet its Norad and NATO obligations. Boeing's commitment to Canada "has been, and remains, unwavering," Day said on Thursday. The company's operations in Canada account for 14 per cent of the country's aerospace industry. That includes 560 companies that provide parts to Boeing commercial airplanes and 2,000 company workers in the country. "Boeing has provided reliable solutions to Canada's defence and security needs, and we respect the mutual trust we have established with the Canadian Armed Forces through the successful execution of several key programs, including the CF-188 Hornet, CC-177 Globemaster III and CH-147 Chinook," Day said. With files from RCI's Levon Sevuntz Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Top News Headlines Ex-nurse who killed patients with insulin reached 'breaking point' when assigned to care for diabetic kids video Trudeau tells Trump Canada is disappointed by withdrawal from Paris climate deal read comments video Woman found dead near border was en route to Canada to see newborn granddaughter video Trump asks Supreme Court to reinstate travel ban Unflappable 12-year-old wins U.S. National Spelling Bee with 'marocain' Must Watch Video Ottawa announces $867M in financial assistance for softwood lumber industry 6:33 Minister of Natural Resources Jim Carr discusses the loan package and the state of the Canada-U.S. softwood lumber dispute Video Quebec Liberal MP Marc Miller delivered a speech in Mohawk in the House today 10:20 Marc Miller, Zoe Hopkins, a Mohawk Language Teacher and Brian Maracle, Founder of Onkwawenna Kentyohkwa language school discuss the importance of preserving Indigenous languages Latest Politics News Headlines Trudeau tells Trump Canada is disappointed by withdrawal from Paris climate deal video More doubt cast over Super Hornet sale as Liberals break contact with Boeing Don't let cyberattack threat deter Canada from online voting, says former head of NSA Watch Power & Politics for June 1, 2017 'We are not opening the Constitution': Trudeau pans Quebec's plans video Most Viewed Trudeau tells Trump Canada is disappointed by withdrawal from Paris climate deal read comments More doubt cast over Super Hornet sale as Liberals break contact with Boeing Trump quitting the Paris accord might not necessarily be the end of the world read comments Liberals grow the ranks of permanently gagged public servants read comments 'We are not opening the Constitution': Trudeau pans Quebec's plans read comments Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Don't Miss Photos Justin Trudeau meets Pope Francis at the Vatican Analysis After Maxime Bernier, Andrew Scheer faces stiffer challenge from Justin Trudeau Opinion Kellie Leitch's problem now is that you only get one tearful apology: Robyn Urback Analysis Andrew Scheer not the only winner in Conservative leadership race Analysis Trudeau suggests defence review will invest more in troops than weaponry UPPER CHAMBER Senate changes definition of a 'caucus,' ending Liberal, Conservative duopoly INTERACTIVE Remix Canada's latest census results to see how you fit in EMAILED DAILY Get our daily CBC Politics newsletter 'WISE OWLS' Senate issues children's book to explain role of Red Chamber HONORARY CANADIAN Read and watch Malala Yousafzai's full speech to Parliament Budget 2017 Highlights of Bill Morneau's 2nd federal budget CBC Investigates ​CBC adopts SecureDrop to allow for anonymous leaks Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / India is buying over 1,000 new planes – but can it handle them? India is buying over 1,000 new planes – but can it handle them? Posted on Thursday, June 1, 2017 by CNN in Business News India is adding airline passengers faster than any other country, and it needs more planes to carry them: 1,080 more, to be precise. To meet exploding demand, the South Asian nation is set to to buy 2.2 new airplanes for each of the 480 aircraft currently in service, according to a new report by the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA). The U.S. and China are the only countries to have more pending aircraft orders, the report says. Boeing, one of the biggest potential beneficiaries of the massive spending spree, is equally optimistic. The manufacturer predicts India will need 1,850 new planes over the next two decades. It values the orders at $265 billion. The U.S. firm will reportedly agree in the coming weeks to sell 100 planes to Indian carrier Jet Airways. It is also a top contender to sell another 100 to the country’s newest airline, Vistara. Boeing is locked in a battle for India’s skies with European rival Airbus, which already has contracts with several Indian carriers. “We are in constant communications with the airlines in India about their current and future fleet needs,” a Boeing spokesperson said Thursday, while declining to comment on individual deals. The buying frenzy, led by budget airlines like SpiceJet and IndiGo, is not without reason. Around 220 million Indians flew last year — an annual increase of 20% — and the country is on track to overtake the U.K. as the world’s third-largest aviation market by 2026. But the race to capture that market is a slippery slope, and CAPA warned that airlines risk biting off more than they can chew. “Unprecedented expansion will place immense pressure on the aviation system,” the report said. “The industry currently appears to be underestimating the challenges ahead.” There are several examples in India’s aviation history that serve as a cautionary tale, with Kingfisher Airlines — the defunct carrier owned by beer baron Vijay Mallya — being the most recent example. National carrier Air India is also in a precarious position, and talks of offloading it into the private sector have gathered momentum in recent weeks. Another huge challenge is a lack of infrastructure. India’s aviation boom is severely threatened by the fact that only 75 of its 400 airports are currently operational — and even the biggest hubs like Mumbai, New Delhi and Chennai are bursting at the seams. With 700 of India’s 1,080 new planes set to be delivered within the next ten years, CAPA said the country’s lack of preparedness could quickly unravel the industry. “Aircraft induction on this scale will require massive infrastructure development, skilled resources … at a pace that has not been seen before in India,” the report said. “Parking bays and runway slots will become increasingly scarce over the next few years.” — Jon Ostrower contributed to this report. New artificial intelligence system can tell if a sheep is in pain Europe says Twitter is failing to remove hate speech Related Posts Tom Brokaw says his cancer is in remission JPMorgan makes bundle of profit but it’s not enough Revenge porn king wants a clean slate Apple ordered to pay $533 million in iTunes patent lawsuit Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
About US Contact US Registration Thursday June 1st, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Boeing Awards Components Manufacturing Contract to Germany-based COTESA By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  June 2, 2017  /  Comments Off on Boeing Awards Components Manufacturing Contract to Germany-based COTESA       Print       Email MIL OSI Economics – Source: Boeing Headline: Boeing Awards Components Manufacturing Contract to Germany-based COTESA BERLIN, June 1, 2017 – Boeing [NYSE: BA] has awarded Saxony-based COTESA GmbH a five-year contract to manufacture key components for the H-47 Chinook heavy-lift helicopter. This is the first Boeing contract award to COTESA. “We are committed to bringing opportunities to German companies from across the Boeing enterprise and will continue to strive to bring the best of Boeing to industry and the best of industry back into Boeing,” said Michael Hostetter, Defense, Space & Security director of Vertical Lift Programs, Germany. “As a leading production facility for specialty composite parts, COTESA’s expertise will support our efforts to enhance the Chinook helicopter and deliver top-quality, cost-effective solutions to our customers.” With this agreement, COTESA is joining Boeing’s already established supply chain in Germany, in addition to its global supply chain of more than 20,000 suppliers and partners around the globe. “The contract award to COTESA is a testament to the technology potential we see in Germany and another important milestone in our partnership with German industry,” said Sir Michael Arthur, president, Boeing Europe. “We are excited to join the Boeing supplier team. This contract award provides an opportunity for COTESA and our employees to demonstrate our expertise in high-performance composite parts,” said Jörg Hüsken, chief executive officer of COTESA. COTESA will manufacture portions of the Chinook tunnel cover section – a honeycomb-like core that makes up parts of the helicopter’s external skin – for the global Chinook fleet. “The Chinook is an industry-leading platform and a critical platform for the armed forces of 19 countries around the world,” continued Hostetter. “Its proven ability to meet mission requirements, including humanitarian and disaster-relief operations, makes it even more important for us to continuously bring the best of industry to the platform – and that’s the case with COTESA.” To date, Boeing has delivered more than 900 H-47 Chinook helicopters that are in operation in 19 countries, including eight NATO nations: Canada, Greece, Italy, Netherlands, Spain, Turkey, United Kingdom and the U.S., allowing for increased interoperability between NATO nations during joint training and deployment operations worldwide. About Boeing in Germany: Boeing has been an active partner in the German aerospace industry for decades. With 600 local employees in Germany, Boeing supports an additional 12,000 jobs through its suppliers and partners. In 2016, Boeing and its supply chain partners spent almost US$1.3 billion with nearly 100 suppliers located across Germany. Boeing invests in a growing portfolio of research and technology projects with German industry, universities and research organizations and engages in industrial partnerships with companies of all sizes across Germany that benefit the local economy. About COTESA: COTESA is a leading supplier of high-quality composite components for aerospace and automotive qualified according to EN 9100 and NADCAP Composite. The company develops and manufactures customer-specific solutions for parts and assemblies at two sites with more than 600 employees. COTESA’s focus is on complex CFRP-components as profiles, stiffeners and frames, multidimensional GFRP-sandwich structures, hybrid parts as CFRP-transmission shafts as well as the assembly of complete modules. From technology to process development, COTESA offers the highest quality in prototype as well as serial manufacturing. Being involved in multiple long-term aerospace programs sets the basis for the continuous company growth since the founding in 2002. # # # Contacts: Marcia Costley Defense, Space & Security Office: +1 310-364-8409 Mobile: +1 714-316-4267 marcia.b.costley@boeing.com Béatrice Bracklo Boeing Deutschland GmbH Office:  +49 30 77377-106 Mobile: +49 172 4125525 beatrice.bracklo@boeing.com Dr. Steffen Kress COTESA GmbH Office: + 49 3727 9985 2835 Mobile: + 49 1515 444 1202 kress@cotesa.de     Print       Email Published: 2 mins ago on June 2, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: June 2, 2017 @ 2:15 am Filed Under: Airline Industry, Boeing, Business, Economics, English, Global Economy, MIL OSI, MIL OSI Economics, Open Source Intel, Trade NEXT ARTICLE → Unlocking the Potential of ASEAN’s Youth ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE Unlock unlimited possibilities with the new Moto Z2 Play and Moto Mods on Verizon About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Communication Problems Not At Root of Tantrums in Kids with Autism Getting Bedbugs Out of Nursing Homes, Apartment Buildings – for Good Nearly 4 Percent of Americans Suffer from Food Allergies Obese Women May Have More Intense Hot Flashes Suicide Risk Is High for Psychiatric Patients Long After Discharge from Care © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES AVIATION June 2, 2017 | Last updated 4 minutes ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: Ramadan 2017 War of 1967 UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Business Podcast Data Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Why gold fans should brace for higher prices Gold hits biggest fall since March Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Gold Rate Sectors19 Markets10 Automotives2 Banking1 Construction Employment Features1 General Investment2 Media1 Careers Energy60 Retail1 Shipping Technology7 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors Luxembourg basks in a post-Brexit sun Making robots from trash Jumeirah seeks to offset market challenges Aviation3 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Etihad Airways deploys A380 on all JFK flights Canada’s defence minister threat against Boeing Get Dubai discounts with this boarding pass Economy7 Property GN Property top stories in Property Dubai developers time payment schemes US home prices gain on lean availability levels Dubai’s Grade A offices surge on demand gains Money Dirhams and Dollars Visas Analysis5 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Canada’s defence minister threat to cancel Boeing deal Harjit Sajjan said Boeing’s action against Bombardier is ‘unfounded’ and not the behaviour of a ‘trusted partner’ Image Credit: Bloomberg Harjit Sajjan Published: 16:38 June 1, 2017 AP   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE TORONTO Canada’s defence minister repeated a threat Wednesday to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of the company’s trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Harjit Sajjan said Boeing’s action against Bombardier is “unfounded” and not the behaviour of a “trusted partner.” He said buying the Super Hornet fighter jets “requires a trusted industry partner.” Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada’s foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. “Our government — and I stress this — our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners,” he said. Chicago-based Boeing’s trade complaint prompted a US. Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier’s new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada’s threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with the US. Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, noted that Sajjan also recognised Boeing as a strong partner in the past and for the future. Day defended the company’s trade action. “This is a commercial matter that Boeing is seeking to address through the normal course for resolving such issues,” Day said in an email. Boeing petitioned the US Commerce Department and the US International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft. Boeing says Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies that let it engage in “predatory pricing.” Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organisation over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier’s. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada’s federal government also recently provided a US$275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from US-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin’s F-35 Joint Strike Fighter programme. Sajjan said he would have more to say about the issue next week. More from Aviation Etihad Airways deploys A380 on all JFK flights Canada’s defence minister threat against Boeing Get Dubai discounts with this boarding pass Emirates’ first-class gets cozier Modi mulls privatising indebted Air India Emirates to unveil new First Class cabins Turkish Airlines plans new routes from Mideast Etihad to boost Dreamliner network in Europe tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNCanada follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNCanada follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In AviationEtihad Airways deploys A380 on all JFK flights Business Gallery Doors open to a three-day super sale Mohammad launches Marsa Al Arab project Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01Get Dubai discounts with this boarding pass 02Canada’s defence minister threat against Boeing 03Emirates to unveil new First Class cabins 04Etihad Airways deploys A380 on all JFK flights 05Emirates’ first-class gets cozier 13Images Mohammad launches Marsa Al Arab project May 15, 2017 8Images Pictures: Apple Store in Abu Dhabi Oct 27, 2015 2Images China’s home-grown C919 passenger jet takes off May 05, 2017 8Images Dubai’s next big mall gets into project mode Mar 16, 2017 Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Inside Emirates airline's engineering hangar Sep 20, 2015 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Our patience has limits, says UAE minister New housemaid rules in UAE: The key points Viral video girl performs for Shaikh Mohammad Fear as Muslim city Marawi burns 6 traffic accidents on first day of Ramadan 30 years apart, girl repeats dad's feat Your guide 2017 UAE holidays Indian grandma in UAE sets world record SRK pranked by Ramez on Ramadan show Close Recommended For You Luxembourg basks in a post-Brexit sunPUBLISHED ON Jun 02, 2017 Master class on economic integrationPUBLISHED ON Jun 02, 2017 Body of boy, 11, found on rooftop in Abu DhabiPUBLISHED ON Jun 01, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2017. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience

Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Defense News Boeing to design, develop upgrades for F/A-18 electronics The $86.3 million contract is to design, develop and install upgrades for both software and hardware on the F/A-18 series of aircraft. By Stephen Carlson   |   June 1, 2017 at 9:43 AM Follow @upi Comments June 1 (UPI) -- Boeing has received a $86.3 million modification to an existing contract to design, develop and install upgrades for both software and hardware on the F/A-18 series of aircraft. The upgrades Boeing has contracted for include the A/B, C/D and E/F models, as well as the EA-18G electronic warfare variation of the plane. The program includes the U.S. Navy and aircraft used by Australia, Finland, Switzerland, Kuwait, Malaysia, and Canada. Work will be performed in St. Louis, Miss., and China Lake, Calif. Funding will be provided as orders are issued. The U.S. Navy is slated for $79.4 million, with contributions coming from other participating nations in the program. Work is expected to be completed by December 2018. The F/A-18 series of multirole fighters is capable of operating from airstrips and aircraft carriers. It is designed for both air-superiority missions and land attack, and can carry a variety of ordnance ranging from air-to-air missiles and precision-guided bombs to standoff munitions. The platform has been steadily upgraded, including the introduction of the Super Hornet. The EA-18G is an electronic warfare platform capable of jamming enemy radars, communications and missiles. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Harris producing sonobuoy launch equipment for Boeing French deliver armored vehicles to Lebanon General Dynamics receives Navy training contract Comments Latest Headlines KC-46A tanker receives electronic testing 10 hours ago ago June 1 (UPI) -- The KC-46A Pegasus aerial tanker is undergoing testing at Benfield Anechoic Facility to ensure it meets FAA regulations and certifications requirements. BAE System, QinetiQ partnering on electric drive system 11 hours ago ago June 1 (UPI) -- BAE Systems is partnering with QinetiQ to develop electric drive systems for military ground combat vehicles, the companies announced this week. Australia to acquire small unmanned aerial vehicles 13 hours ago ago June 1 (UPI) -- A senior Australian government minister on Thursday announced a $75.2 million government investment in small unmanned aerial vehicles for the country's military. Navy accepts delivery of USS Gerald R. Ford 13 hours ago ago June 1 (UPI) -- The U.S. Navy has received delivery of the future USS Gerald R. Ford, the first of its class and first new-design aircraft carrier delivered since 1975. Vietnamese coast guard receives former U.S. vessel 14 hours ago ago June 1 (UPI) -- A former High Endurance Cutter of the U.S. Coast Guard, the Morgenthau, has been transferred to the Coast Guard of Vietnam during a ceremony recently in Hawaii. Trending Stories Elon Musk quits as Trump adviser over Paris withdrawal How and why did a house swift cross the Pacific? Trump on historic Paris climate change pact: 'We're getting out' North Korea gasoline prices skyrocket amid concerns over sanctions Water-splitting technologies could usher in hydrogen economy PHOTOS President Trump visits the Middle East Michael Bay honored at Hollywood handprint ceremony Stars showcase their films at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Hugh Jackman attends the 'Logan' premiere in Tokyo On the red carpet at the 2017 Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas Cloud Computing wins the Preakness Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
CLOSE X IOLPersonal Finance Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Fri 2 Jun companies economy energy markets entrepreneurs technology MORE Careers International Opinion Financial Tools IOL special features the zuma era #dontlookaway icc champions trophy trump's america durban tourism indaba NEWS POLITICS business business report personal finance SPORT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE MOTORING TRAVEL Multimedia NEWSPAPERS Classifieds Cape Community About IOL Business Report All Business Report Companies | Economy | Energy | Markets Markets Shares Currencies Commodities Market Indicators | Entrepreneurs | Technology | Careers | International | Opinion | Financial Tools | About Us | Contact Us | Advertisement Boeing in search of young business talent in South Africa Business Report | 1 June 2017, 3:08pm Staff Reporter Youngsters are often encouraged to aim high when considering a career. Sadly, many will feel their options are limited and may believe they have no option but to settle for less than the job they dream of. Fortunately, there are options available: opportunities that can provide a springboard to something truly challenging and fulfilling. One example is Boeing’s [NYSE: BA] highly acclaimed six months International Business Internship Program (IBIP), which is now open to South African students in a business-related field. Tell a friend FILE - In this March 7, 2017, file photo, the first of the large Boeing 737 MAX 9 models, Boeing's newest commercial airplane, sits outside its production plant in Renton, Wash. Boeing stops test flights of its new 737 model because of a possible problem in engine discs. The company is working with engine maker CFM to investigate. The company said Wednesday, May 10, 2017, it was notified of a potential manufacturing-quality issue by CFM, which makes the engines that are going on the Boeing 737 Max. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson, File) Full-time under-graduate and post-graduate students from South African universities and technical universities are encouraged to apply for the internship. Two students from Wits University are currently on the full-time program (Jan – July 2017). Registration for the next intake period (Jan –July 2018) is open from June the 6th to July the 15th 2017. Laila Zayan, Head of Talent Pipeline Development at Boeing, says the IBIP is open to all students studying in a business-related field including Industrial Engineering, Accounting, Finance, Human Resources, Marketing, Strategy, Management, and Information Systems. She says applicants must be enrolled in an undergraduate or graduate program or have graduated within the last 12 months (applicants that graduated in May 2016 or earlier will NOT be considered).  Students must have excellent communications and interpersonal skills, be high achievers academically, demonstrate leadership and team work skills. J. Miguel Santos, Boeing Managing Director - Sub-Sahara Africa and Director of Commercial Airplane Sales for Africa based in Johannesburg, encouraged students to apply, saying it is a great bridge to the world of working. He cites is as a is a once in a lifetime opportunity to get real world exposure to a large multi-national corporation. “The students will be provided with US-based work experience and will prove extremely valuable when they return and invest their new skills to the benefit of South Africa. Having Boeing on your resume could be a launching pad for your future career.” The International Business Internship Program (IBIP), which was launched in 2012, provides students valuable exposure to the latest technological and business advances and thinking in a variety of disciplines relating to business operations, finance, marketing, strategy and the aviation industry.   The students will be exposed to a range of business activities and work alongside Boeing employees in various fields. They will also have an opportunity to spend time with Boeing leaders, visit several Boeing factories and share their experience with other IBIP interns from around the world. Zayan says interested students can apply through the career advice divisions of their respective universities who will be provided with information brochures. BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE Tell a friend Most Read 1 Warning over Fidget Spinners that has SA kids spinning 2 Zuma: I don't hate whites, but they can't have everything 3 WATCH: Franziska's parents share pain as killer cries 4 Sylvia Lucas to rescind cabinet reshuffle decision 5 Woman's bullet-riddled body found on the side of the road Advertisement X BUSINESS REPORT About us Contact us Feedback Follow us on INSIDE BUSINESS REPORT Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology Careers International Opinion Financial tools EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel BUSINESS REPORT WEEKLY Sign up to receive our weekly edition of Business Report in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman AstroNova Wins Boeing Silver Performance Excellence Award WEST WARWICK, R.I.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–AstroNova, Inc. (NASDAQ: ALOT), a leading manufacturer and supplier of aerospace products, including printers, networking hardware and related accessories, today announced that it has been awarded the 2016 Boeing Performance Excellence Award – Silver Level. The Boeing Company recognized AstroNova for achieving superior supplier performance in areas including on-time delivery and quality. Silver is one of the highest designations in Boeing’s Preferred Supplier Certification program. “Performance excellence is fundamental to the success of both our companies,” Boeing wrote in a letter to AstroNova. “We extend our sincere congratulations to the employees of AstroNova for demonstrating their dedication to the high performance standards necessary to meet customer expectations and remain competitive in the global economy.” “It’s extremely gratifying to receive this recognition for the second consecutive year,” said President and CEO Gregory A. Woods. “The Performance Excellence Award reflects the hard work and dedication of our entire Aerospace team and the ongoing success of our lean initiatives. Over the past year, two of our printers have been included in the Boeing 737 catalog. We look forward to further expanding our relationship with Boeing in the years ahead and broadening our technology leadership in the aerospace market.” About AstroNova AstroNova, Inc. (NASDAQ: ALOT), a global leader in data visualization technologies, designs, manufactures, distributes and services a broad range of products that acquire, store, analyze and present data in multiple formats. The Product Identification segment offers a variety of hardware and software products and associated supplies that allow customers to mark, track and enhance the appearance of their products. The segment’s two business units are QuickLabel®, the industry leader in tabletop digital color label printing and TrojanLabel™, a leader in the light-production color label press and specialty printer markets. The Test and Measurement segment includes the Test & Measurement business unit, which offers a suite of products and services that acquire, record and analyze electronic signal data from local and networked sensors. The segment also includes the Aerospace business unit, which makes printers, networking hardware and related accessories. These products are used in the aircraft flight deck to print flight plans, navigation information and performance data and in the aircraft cabin to print maintenance data, receipts and passenger manifests. AstroNova is a member of the Russell Microcap® Index and the LD Micro Index (INDEXNYSEGIS: LDMICRO). Additional information is available by visiting www.astronovainc.com. Forward-Looking Statements Information included in this news release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical fact, but rather reflect our current expectations concerning future events and results. These statements may include the use of the words “believes,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “likely,” “continues,” “may,” “will” and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, including those relating to expanding the Company’s relationship with Boeing and broadening its technology leadership in the aerospace market, involve risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties, and factors include, but are not limited to, those factors set forth in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2017 and subsequent filings AstroNova makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The reader is cautioned not to unduly rely on such forward-looking statements when evaluating the information presented in this news release. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Midlertidig lukning for handel i 11 afdelinger i Investeringsforeningen Handelsinvest Next PostNext Vitamin K2 Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Paper Bags Market : Key Growth Factors and Industry Analysis 2017-2027 Research focused on the Satellite Propulsion System market to grow at 4.09% CAGR during 2017 to 2021 Inflammatory Diseases Market : Recent Industry Trends, Analysis and Forecast 2027 Global Sports Betting Market: How the Market has witnessed Substantial Growth in recent years and What Factors will drive the Market in Upcoming Years? Global Healthcare Clinical Analytics Market Growth, Trends & Forecast (2017 – 2022) Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits Opinion Classifieds Search Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service News Spokane Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Marijuana WA Government ID Government Sports Outdoors Gonzaga basketball WSU football EWU basketball EWU football Gonzaga women High school sports Seattle Mariners Seattle Seahawks Seattle Sounders Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Spokane Indians UW basketball UW football Vandals basketball Vandals football Whitworth WSU football Arts and Entertainment A&E Art Books Beer/Drinks Cooking Dining Entertainment Dorothy Dean Features Food Home and garden Home Movies Music Pop culture Seven Stage The Slice Travel Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Know Spokane data.spokesman.com Photos Reader Photos Blogs Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Spokane Jobs Spokane Autos Public Records Brides Births Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Advertising inserts Close Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Spokane Aerospace manufacturing a high-wage, growth industry for Spokane area UPDATED: Thu., June 1, 2017, 10:58 a.m. Matt Annis, a maintenance supervisor for Horizon Air, walks from a Horizon Air Q-400 turboprop airplane in February 2007 in Spokane. (Jed Conklin / The Spokesman-Review) By Becky Kramer beckyk@spokesman.com(509) 459-5466 Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Aerospace manufacturing Jobs in Spokane County: 3,489 in 2016 Average wage: $73,446 Companies with aerospace-related sales: 101 Aerospace manufacturing is a growing, high-wage industry in Eastern Washington and North Idaho, and one that local business leaders want to continue to nurture. More than 200 Eastern Washington companies make parts for commercial and military aircraft, primarily in Spokane and the Tri-Cities. Across the border in Idaho, another 60 companies have ties to aerospace. “We paint planes. We rerun the brakes … We make seat cushions,” said Doug Tweedy, regional labor economist with the Washington Employment Security Division. “We don’t actually build the planes, but we put components into them.” Some of the locally made parts end up in Boeing’s planes, but Boeing isn’t the only game in town, Tweedy said. Other components end up in aircraft manufactured by Boeing competitor Airbus or Bombardier of Canada, or as custom decor for high-end private jets. And there is one local airplane manufacturer: Quest Aircraft of Sandpoint, which makes a 10-seat turboprop plane called the Kodiak. The industry pumps tens of millions of dollars into the local economy through purchases and wages. In Idaho, aerospace manufacturing jobs pay an average of $60,000 annually. In Spokane County, the average is around $73,500. “It’s a high-wage, high-growth sector,” said Sam Wolkenhauer, a regional economist for the Idaho Department of Labor. For airline parts suppliers, there’s more growth on the horizon, said John Byrne, Boeing’s vice president of airplane materials and structures. Byrne was the keynote speaker at Wednesday’s I-90 Corridor Aerospace Conference & Expo at the Coeur d’Alene Resort, which drew about 200 industry representatives. The conference was organized by the Inland Northwest Aerospace Consortium and Idaho Aerospace Alliance. Over the next 20 years, about 40,000 new airplanes will be needed to keep pace with global demand for air travel. The value of those orders is about $5.9 trillion, Bryne said. Much of the growth is coming from industrializing nations, where middle-class residents can now afford air travel. At Boeing, one out of every three 737s rolling off the assembly line is headed to China. “India is next,” Bryne said. The 20-year forecast calls for 4 percent annual growth in global passenger travel, he said. However, another industry trend is the cost-savvy traveler, who’s looking for the lowest-priced plane ticket. The quest for low fares puts pressure on airplane manufacturers to constantly increase quality and output while lowering production costs, Bryne said. That push for cost savings gets passed on to Boeing’s suppliers, he said. “The supply chain feels the brunt of most of this,” he said. In Spokane County, about 3,500 people work in aerospace manufacturing, said Tweedy, the labor economist. Some of the larger aerospace manufacturers are Kaiser Aluminum, which rolls aluminum for airplanes as part of its product mix, and Triumph Group, which makes floor panels and ducting. Others include Exotic Metals, UTC Aerospace Systems and Aerospace Coatings. Overall, Spokane County has 101 companies that make parts for airplanes. However, only nine companies are considered “direct suppliers,” which means that 50 percent or more of their business is tied to aerospace, Tweedy said. Finding skilled labor is an upcoming challenge for the local aerospace industry, said Wolkenhauer, the Idaho Department of Labor economist. North Idaho College is working to increase the labor pool through its Aerospace Center, which offers classes in areas such as aviation maintenance, composites and advanced manufacturing. However, demand for skilled labor is expected to grow faster than the number of qualified workers. “The No. 1 constraint (on future growth) is the labor supply,” Wolkenhauer said. Updated: June 1, 2017, 10:58 a.m.  Tags: aerospace, Boeing, manufacturing There are two comments on this story » Most read stories Aerospace manufacturing a high-wage, growth industry for Spokane area … Hegsted bringing modern, hearty menu to new spot in Ponderay … Threat closes Evergreen State College after protests over race … The Spokesman-Review … Lakeside senior turns heartaches into stepping stones … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
AstroNova Wins Boeing Silver Performance Excellence Award Company Earns Coveted Recognition for Second Consecutive Year For the second consecutive year, AstroNova (NASDAQ: ALOT) has earned Boeing's coveted Silver Performance Excellence Award. Boeing recognized AstroNova for achieving superior supplier performance in areas including on-time delivery and quality. Silver is one of the highest designations in Boeing's Preferred Supplier Certification program. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? For the second consecutive year, AstroNova (NASDAQ: ALOT) has earned Boeing's coveted Silver Performance Excellence Award. Boeing recognized AstroNova for achieving superior supplier performance in areas including on-time delivery and quality. Silver is one of the highest designations in Boeing's Preferred Supplier Certification program. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail June 01, 2017 08:30 AM Eastern Daylight Time WEST WARWICK, R.I.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--AstroNova, Inc. (NASDAQ: ALOT), a leading manufacturer and supplier of aerospace products, including printers, networking hardware and related accessories, today announced that it has been awarded the 2016 Boeing Performance Excellence Award – Silver Level. The Boeing Company recognized AstroNova for achieving superior supplier performance in areas including on-time delivery and quality. Silver is one of the highest designations in Boeing’s Preferred Supplier Certification program. “Performance excellence is fundamental to the success of both our companies,” Boeing wrote in a letter to AstroNova. “We extend our sincere congratulations to the employees of AstroNova for demonstrating their dedication to the high performance standards necessary to meet customer expectations and remain competitive in the global economy.” “It’s extremely gratifying to receive this recognition for the second consecutive year,” said President and CEO Gregory A. Woods. “The Performance Excellence Award reflects the hard work and dedication of our entire Aerospace team and the ongoing success of our lean initiatives. Over the past year, two of our printers have been included in the Boeing 737 catalog. We look forward to further expanding our relationship with Boeing in the years ahead and broadening our technology leadership in the aerospace market.” About AstroNova AstroNova, Inc. (NASDAQ: ALOT), a global leader in data visualization technologies, designs, manufactures, distributes and services a broad range of products that acquire, store, analyze and present data in multiple formats. The Product Identification segment offers a variety of hardware and software products and associated supplies that allow customers to mark, track and enhance the appearance of their products. The segment’s two business units are QuickLabel®, the industry leader in tabletop digital color label printing and TrojanLabel™, a leader in the light-production color label press and specialty printer markets. The Test and Measurement segment includes the Test & Measurement business unit, which offers a suite of products and services that acquire, record and analyze electronic signal data from local and networked sensors. The segment also includes the Aerospace business unit, which makes printers, networking hardware and related accessories. These products are used in the aircraft flight deck to print flight plans, navigation information and performance data and in the aircraft cabin to print maintenance data, receipts and passenger manifests. AstroNova is a member of the Russell Microcap® Index and the LD Micro Index (INDEXNYSEGIS: LDMICRO). Additional information is available by visiting www.astronovainc.com. Forward-Looking Statements Information included in this news release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical fact, but rather reflect our current expectations concerning future events and results. These statements may include the use of the words “believes,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “likely,” “continues,” “may,” “will” and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, including those relating to expanding the Company’s relationship with Boeing and broadening its technology leadership in the aerospace market, involve risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties, and factors include, but are not limited to, those factors set forth in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2017 and subsequent filings AstroNova makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The reader is cautioned not to unduly rely on such forward-looking statements when evaluating the information presented in this news release. Contacts AstroNova, Inc. Tom Carll, 401-828-4000 Toll-free: 877-867-9783 Vice President & General Manager, Aerospace Products tcarll@astronovainc.com #Hashtags #PerformanceExcellence Contacts AstroNova, Inc. Tom Carll, 401-828-4000 Toll-free: 877-867-9783 Vice President & General Manager, Aerospace Products tcarll@astronovainc.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: New diagnosis for VA•Navy revamps pay & promotions rubrik•Former WWE exec leads SBA Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Update on the latest… Update on the latest in business: By The Associated Press June 1, 2017 3:29 am 7 min read Share FINANCIAL MARKETS Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss BEIJING (AP) — Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while most other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent while Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 gained 1.1 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng advanced 0.3 percent and Seoul’s Kospi shed 0.1 percent. Register now to learn how DHS and Commerce are implementing CDM strategies. Advertisement U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost less than 0.1 percent to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 percent to 21,008.65. ECONOMY-THE DAY AHEAD Major business and economic events reports for today. WASHINGTON (AP) —There are two major jobs reports due out today. Payroll processor ADP will report on how many jobs private employers added in May and the Labor Department will release the number of people who applied for unemployment benefits last week. Also today, the Labor Department will issue revised data on productivity in the first quarter and the Commerce Department will report on U.S. construction spending in April. Check out Federal News Radio's latest podcasts. The Institute for Supply Management, a trade group of purchasing managers, will also issue its index of manufacturing activity for May today. Freddie Mac reports on this week’s average U.S. mortgage rates as well. The major automakers will also report their sales figures for the month of May. TRUMP-CLIMATE Trump global warming announcement out today WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump says he’ll announce his decision on whether he’ll pull the U.S. out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event today. Trump says on Twitter that he’ll be making the announcement today at 3 p.m. He ends the tweet with his campaign slogan, “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!” A senior White House official said Wednesday that the president is expected to withdraw from the agreement, which is aimed at reducing carbon emissions in an effort to curb global warming. But officials cautioned that details were still being finalized. The president has also been known to change his mind on major decisions at the last minute. EARNS-UBER Uber posts $708M loss as revenue grows; finance head quits HONG KONG (AP) — Ride-hailing giant Uber has reported another multibillion dollar loss even as its revenues grow. The San Francisco-based company said Thursday that its losses in the first quarter narrowed to $708 million from $991 million in the previous three-month period. Uber told The Associated Press that it had $3.4 billion in revenue for the period, 18 percent higher than the final three months of last year. The company is not publicly listed but has been mulling an IPO. It said in a statement “the narrowing of our losses in the first quarter puts us on a good trajectory towards profitability.” The company also said its head of finance, Gautam Gupta, is departing, becoming the latest high profile executive to leave amid a string of troubles facing the company. PUERTO RICO-ECONOMIC CRISIS Puerto Rico budget unveils tax breaks, protects pensions SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — Puerto Rico’s governor has unveiled a budget that promises tax breaks, sets aside more than $400 million for debt service and guarantees $2 billion in pension payments amid a deep economic crisis. The proposed $9.56 billion budget is more than a half million dollars larger than last year’s. Gov. Ricardo Rossello said Wednesday that for the first time in recent history the budget would be truly balanced. The U.S. territory is struggling to emerge from a 10-year recession that has prompted more than a half million Puerto Ricans to flee to the U.S. mainland. Rossello’s administration is now is in the midst of restructuring a portion of a $73 billion public debt load through a bankruptcy-like process in federal court. CANADA-BOEING Canada’s defense minister threatens Boeing deal in speech TORONTO (AP) — Canada’s defense minister is repeating a threat to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of the company’s trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan said Wednesday that Boeing’s action against Bombardier is “unfounded” and “not the behavior of a trusted partner.” He says buying the Super Hornet fighter jets “requires a trusted industry partner.” Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint. Canada’s foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. Boeing’s trade complaint prompted a U.S. Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier’s new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada’s threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with America. KUSHNER-INVESTMENT VISAS Kushners used creative mapmaking to gain visa-tied funds NEW YORK (AP) — The Kushner Cos. engaged in a bit of creative mapmaking to qualify one of its buildings in a booming New Jersey waterfront neighborhood across from Manhattan for a federal visa-for-investment program targeting struggling areas. Emails obtained by The Associated Press show that the family of President Donald Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner placed its 65 Bay Street building in Jersey City in a map stringing together three dozen other areas, some with high unemployment. The map was included in a 2015 application to the EB-5 visa program that allows overseas investors to obtain temporary U.S. residency in exchange for investments of $500,000 or more in areas with high unemployment. DENVER DRONE DOUGHNUTS Doughnut delivery by drone in Denver is a peek at the future DENVER (AP) — Doughnuts have been delivered by drone to Denver’s mayor and the city’s police and fire departments. The event provided a glimpse into what companies hope will be a quick, inexpensive way to get merchandise to customers. Denver’s LaMar’s Donuts hired Austin, Texas-based company Drone Dispatch to deliver four boxes of doughnuts Wednesday using piloted drones flown from parking lots within a block of the delivery target Wednesday. LaMar’s spokesman Tami Osifodunrin said Federal Aviation Administration regulations prohibit commercial drone pilots from losing sight of drones. The FAA said in a statement it is investigating to ensure the deliveries followed rules governing commercial drone use in populated areas. Amazon and other companies are testing autonomous drones for deliveries. Drone maker Flirtey last year began limited deliveries for 7-Eleven in Reno, Nevada. JAPAN-ROCKET-GPS Japan launches rocket with satellite to build its own GPS TOKYO (AP) — Japan is building its own GPS in hopes of reducing location errors for drivers, drone operators and other users. A rocket launched Thursday from southern Japan is carrying a satellite that will form part of a Japanese GPS. The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries plan to launch two more satellites by next spring to complete the system. Japan currently relies on an American GPS. Having its own system is expected to reduce location errors in Japan to a few centimeters (inches) from as much as 10 meters (30 feet) by some estimates. The more accurate information could be used for both driving and drone deliveries. Japanese media report it also may enhance the country’s defense capabilities. WILDERNESS MINE Federal judge overturns approvals for proposed Montana mine HELENA, Mont. (AP) — A federal judge has overturned government agency approvals to develop a copper and silver mine in a Montana wilderness area, saying the decisions violated laws meant to protect threatened grizzly bears, bull trout and their habitat. U.S. District Judge Donald Molloy ruled Tuesday the U.S. Forest Service and U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service must reconsider their findings related to the Montanore Mine in Kootenai National Forest. Molloy said it made no sense for the wildlife service to say the project would not harm grizzlies and bull trout. The mine was proposed by Coeur d’Alene, Idaho-based Hecla. Company officials have said they spent about $46 million to bring the project into compliance. A public information officer with the Kootenai National Forest said the agency was reviewing the decision and could not yet comment. Related Topics Business News Defense News Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Update on the latest… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories TSP board to move L fund to 5-year increments Top Story Details emerging for EPA’s early retirement, incentive payouts Workforce White House grants 14 ethics waivers to staff People Cyber Mission Forces try to manipulate cyber terrain with new policy Defense News DHS cancels $1.5B contract for agile services Contracts/Awards Fed Photo of the Day Labor Secretary discusses apprenticeships at Milton Manufacturing Today in History 1812: James Madison asks Congress to declare War on the United Kingdom THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Jun 01, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9541 0.0280 2.80% L 2020 25.6757 0.0752 4.59% L 2030 28.7196 0.1339 6.52% L 2040 30.9804 0.1712 7.46% L 2050 17.7932 0.1130 8.30% G Fund 15.3364 0.0010 0.98% F Fund 17.8818 -0.0149 2.57% C Fund 33.8068 0.2581 8.67% S Fund 43.7418 0.7113 4.96% I Fund 28.1962 0.0750 14.31% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Two men sought in May 26 robberies Washington, California, N.Y. unite to back climate accord Trump asks Supreme Court to reinstate travel ban Group: Get HOV lane back in gear Vancouver man sentenced in pair of explosions Infighting roils local Republican Party Group calls for action on early learning AWARE prevention program shows results Infighting roils local Republican Party When David Gellatly was elected to lead the Clark County Republican Party in December, his primary goal was to unify… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Fans can vote for All-Region soccer Union’s Cranston picks prep academy Bonneville Dam fish count 6/1 Overhaul coming for winter steelhead streams Fishing report 6/1 WSU: Elk hoof disease will not be easy fix Stars get a little crossed at prep baseball showcase Paxton pitches Mariners to 5-0 win Football standout Darien Chase leaving Mountain View for Union Columbia sturgeon retention to resume Monday WSU: Elk hoof disease will not be easy fix Managing ailments in free-ranging wildlife said to be almost impossible Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Mechatronics program preview set for Wednesday Skamania Lodge to build two new treehouses Michael Kors Holdings to close stores as sales lag NW cherries should be tasty, plentiful Sears says some Kmart stores targets of security breach Microsoft reboots Skype with features aimed at Facebook, Snapchat Wal-Mart testing store employee delivery of U.S. online orders Millennium Bulk Terminal lands pretrial win in court Alderbrook Park goes public Stocks slide on banks and energy companies Wal-Mart testing store employee delivery of U.S. online orders BENTONVILLE, Ark. — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Wal-Mart is testing a delivery service using… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Energy Adviser: Hot tips for a cooler home WSU series teaches gardening Gardening with Allen: Water lawns deeply, but not every day Planting a natural dye garden can be easy and inexpensive Ethiopia’s ‘Dikika Baby’ offers clues to human evolution Melting Greenland glacier created huge wave Hobbits, dragons, and pirates, oh my! 3 steps to a clean garage ’Wonder Woman’ director sought Lynda Carter’s support Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth WSU series teaches gardening Four Vancouver families living in homes built in partnership with Evergreen Habitat for Humanity have already experienced the community’s enthusiastic… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Free Speech is Sacrosanct Parker: Will Trump come to regret trust placed in Kushner? Letter: Trump targets the wrong group Letter: Work to benefit the majority Letter: GOP complaints ring hollow Letter: Prickly problems in Hough In Our View: Statement of Values Camden: For starters, tax obscure acronyms, language abuse Letter: Kudos to Battle Ground ceremony Letter: Benton not a model public servant Editorial Cartoons, May 28-June 3 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth Everybody Has a Story: Bear bite was ticket to family attention You Can Help In the Service Students raise money to purchase iPods for Alzheimer’s patients Camas horse rider wins state title Washougal High School students honored for STEM work Local boy collects donations for homeless at birthday party Hit-and-run victim receives donated wheelchair Riders donate cash to coffee house Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth Vancouver’s Uptown Village is, quite literally, on the rise. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Canadian official threatens Boeing order Defense chief: Fighter jet purchase at risk over trade complaint By ROB GILLIES, Associated Press Published: May 31, 2017, 10:40 PM A   A TORONTO — Canada’s defense minister repeated a threat Wednesday to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of the company’s trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Harjit Sajjan said Boeing’s action against Bombardier is “unfounded” and not the behavior of a “trusted partner.” He said buying the Super Hornet fighter jets “requires a trusted industry partner.” Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada’s foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. “Our government — and I stress this — our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners,” he said. Chicago-based Boeing’s trade complaint prompted a U.S. Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier’s new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada’s threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with the U.S. Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, noted that Sajjan also recognized Boeing as a strong partner in the past and for the future. Day defended the company’s trade action. “This is a commercial matter that Boeing is seeking to address through the normal course for resolving such issues,” Day said in an email. Boeing petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft. Boeing says Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies that let it engage in “predatory pricing.” Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier’s. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada’s federal government also recently provided a US$275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from U.S.-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz Could America Really Destroy an ICBM in a War? Dave Majumdar May 31, 2017 TweetShareShare The Pentagon’s Missile Defense Agency (MDA) demonstrated the ability to intercept an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) using Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD) interceptors for the first time during a live test on May 30. According to the MDA, the test looks likely to have been a success—though the agency will have to analyze the data to be sure. During the test, a roughly five-foot long Raytheon-built exo-atmospheric kill vehicle slammed head-on directly into an ICBM-class test target that was launched from the Reagan Test Site on Kwajalein Atoll in the Republic of the Marshall Islands (in the Pacific). The U.S. Air Force’s 30th Space launched the interceptor missile Wing from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. "The intercept of a complex, threat-representative ICBM target is an incredible accomplishment for the GMD system and a critical milestone for this program," MDA Director Vice Adm. Jim Syring said in a statement. "This system is vitally important to the defense of our homeland, and this test demonstrates that we have a capable, credible deterrent against a very real threat. I am incredibly proud of the warfighters who executed this test and who operate this system every day." The MDA notes that intercepting the Orbital-built ICBM target required precise coordination from multiple sensors across the globe.  Northrop Grumman’s sophisticated Command, Control, Battle Management and Communication (C2BMC) system integrated data from Raytheon’s forward deployed AN/TPY-2 and the Sea-Based X-band radar—positioned in the Pacific Ocean— to develop target tracking data and a fire control solution to intercept the target. Boeing, which is the prime contractor for the overall GMD system, was thrilled with the results of the test—which pave the way for expanding the expansion of the entire construct. “This successful test keeps the United States on track for a significant increase in interceptor inventory of 44 in 2017,” Norm Tew, Boeing’s vice president and GMD program director said. “In addition, the GMD program remains on track to evolve and modernize this crucial national defense asset in the face of an evolving threat environment, with system upgrades and future technology including the Boeing-led Redesigned Kill Vehicle (RKV).” The MDA cautions that data from the test still has to be analyzed to be sure that the intercept worked properly. “Initial indications are that the test met its primary objective, but program officials will continue to evaluate system performance based upon telemetry and other data obtained during the test,” the MDA states. Altogether, the test cost roughly $244 million. Though the test has been portrayed as a signal to North Korea, in reality it was a happy coincidence—the intercept test has long been in the works. The MDA argues that the GMD was tested in an operationally setting against a target—complete with decoys—representative of a threat well into the 2020s. “This did represent a very real operational scenario in the Pacific,” Syring told reporters at the Pentagon on May 31. However, critics contend that the GMD system—as it currently stands—has not demonstrated the ability to intercept a real ICBM under wartime conditions. In fact, such a capability is a long way off. Indeed, according to the GAO, the MDA won’t even test the system in the rain. “Not even close,” Jeffrey Lewis, Director of the East Asia Nonproliferation Program at the James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey told The National Interest. “It's a nice baby step.” Even if the MDA conducted tests under realistic conditions, the program is still essentially a research and development program in many ways. The agency—which is not part of any military service—does not have a strategy or doctrine on how to use the system operationally. “The MDA is still running a technology development program and hasn't really thought about transitioning it to an credible operational capability, despite their silly pronouncements to the contrary,” Lewis said. Moreover, in Lewis’ view, nor does the MDA have the capacity to transition the GMD into a genuine operational capability to defend the United States. “I don't think MDA has the capacity, no. I would return the mission to the services,” Lewis said. “Basically, we should treat missile defense like any other defense program. If it provides a cost-effective military benefit, great.  If not, spend the money on something that does.” Pages 1 2 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Dave Majumdar How America Can Thwart North Korea's Nuclear Threat The United States needs to change its strategy of coercive diplomacy if it is to have any chance of achieving its highest-priority goals in North Korea. John DeutchGary Samore Britain Must Ramp Up Its Fight Against Islamic Extremists Britain's aim must not just be to foil plots, but to reduce the number of plots being formed in the first place. Tom Wilson Is America Fueling an Arab-Israeli Arms Race? Israel’s qualitative military edge is already eroding. Shimon Arad Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: New diagnosis for VA•Navy revamps pay & promotions rubrik•Former WWE exec leads SBA Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Canada's defense minister threatens… Canada’s defense minister threatens Boeing deal in speech By ROB GILLIES May 31, 2017 10:36 pm 2 min read Share TORONTO (AP) — Canada’s defense minister repeated a threat Wednesday to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of the company’s trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Harjit Sajjan said Boeing’s action against Bombardier is “unfounded” and not the behavior of a “trusted partner.” He said buying the Super Hornet fighter jets “requires a trusted industry partner.” Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada’s foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. “Our government – and I stress this – our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners,” he said. Download our Expert Edition e-book, Cyber: Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation. Advertisement Chicago-based Boeing’s trade complaint prompted a U.S. Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier’s new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada’s threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with the U.S. Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, noted that Sajjan also recognized Boeing as a strong partner in the past and for the future. Day defended the company’s trade action. “This is a commercial matter that Boeing is seeking to address through the normal course for resolving such issues,” Day said in an email. Boeing petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft. Boeing says Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies that let it engage in “predatory pricing.” Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier’s. Check out Federal News Radio's latest podcasts. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada’s federal government also recently provided a US$275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from U.S.-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin’s F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. Sajjan said he would have more to say about the issue next week. Related Topics Business News Defense News Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Canada's defense minister threatens… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories TSP board to move L fund to 5-year increments Top Story Details emerging for EPA’s early retirement, incentive payouts Workforce White House grants 14 ethics waivers to staff People Cyber Mission Forces try to manipulate cyber terrain with new policy Defense News DHS cancels $1.5B contract for agile services Contracts/Awards Fed Photo of the Day Labor Secretary discusses apprenticeships at Milton Manufacturing Today in History 1812: James Madison asks Congress to declare War on the United Kingdom THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Jun 01, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9541 0.0280 2.80% L 2020 25.6757 0.0752 4.59% L 2030 28.7196 0.1339 6.52% L 2040 30.9804 0.1712 7.46% L 2050 17.7932 0.1130 8.30% G Fund 15.3364 0.0010 0.98% F Fund 17.8818 -0.0149 2.57% C Fund 33.8068 0.2581 8.67% S Fund 43.7418 0.7113 4.96% I Fund 28.1962 0.0750 14.31% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:05 GMT +302 June 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search BREAKING: WikiLeaks Releases New Batch of CIA Documents From "Pandemic" Project Air Force 2: Trump Requests Doomsday Plane Upgrades Despite Earlier Critiques © AP Photo/ Pablo Martinez Monsivais Military & Intelligence 03:14 01.06.2017(updated 03:40 01.06.2017) Get short URL 0 129925 Six months after tweeting that costs had spiraled “out of control” for future Air Force One planes, President Donald Trump’s asked US lawmakers to allocate millions of dollars for a new aircraft, available to only the most senior government officials. The Pentagon wants to get a head start on the jet that will eventually replace the US Air Force C-32A, the Boeing 757 jets calibrated for flying the vice president and other senior level government officials, Defense One reported. © AP Photo/ Andrew Harnik Problems With Air Force One Mark 'Very Serious Blow to Boeing's Reputation' Longer flying range, more seats, a new private office and “enhanced senior leader communications” are a few of the items on the wish list for the next Air Force Two, which a new $6 million program office will seek to deliver, the budget request states. The “doomsday” fleet of four Pentagon-altered 747s strengthen communications abilities in times of nuclear war and function as a flying executive command and control room. The new budget integrates two worst-case scenario jet programs, the doomsday plane and the Navy’s E-6 Mercury, into one program dubbed the Survivable Airborne Operations Center (SOAC).  SOAC hopes to score $7.8 million to explore new aircraft to replace aging doomsday aircraft.   Air Force Two and Air Force One are supposed to serve the presidents at any time needed, especially in the event of nuclear war. Preparing the planes for atomically induced chaos is why some aerospace analysts argue Boeing’s $3.2-$4 billion new Air Force One is magnitudes costlier than the 747’s commercial price of $378.5 million.  © AP Photo/ Cliff Owen Boeing Pays Tab on $4M Damage to POTUS’ Air Force One After Dangerous Mistake The hope is to “better align” the next generations of Air Force One and Air Force Two, according to the Pentagon. By making a more “robust” Air Force Two, the government says it could “mitigate many capability gaps that exist when the current C-32A aircraft serve as a backup to VC-25A [the current 747 available for the president]” and the new Air Force One.  Boeing swallowed a $4 million expense for mechanical mishaps rendering the POTUS’ personal jet susceptible to fire.  ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 25 Related: Boeing, Airbus Face Probe in $10.6-Billion Deal With Air India Space Ghost: Boeing and DARPA Team Up for New Hypersonic Spaceplane Inmarsat-5 Satellite to Expand Capacity of High-Speed Broadband Network - Boeing Boeing Wins Multimillion Contract for Super Hornet Fighter Sustainment Package Boeing Wins $50M to Extend Service Life of F-18 Super Hornet Aircraft Tags: Boeing, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:59Russian Investment Fund Expects Investor Demand From Sovcomflot Privatization 09:47Russia Hopes Western Gas Route Contract Talks With China Reach Final Stage 09:47Kurdish Independence Vote to Have No Effect On Oil Prices - Iraqi Oil Minister 09:45WikiLeaks Releases New Batch of CIA Documents on Hacking Tools 09:41Clinton Calls Trump's Decision to Pull Out of Climate Deal 'Historic Mistake'All news UK's New Aircraft Carrier Specially Designed to Allow It to 'Duck' Under Bridges 10025 Russian Navy Launches Cruise Missiles From Sub on Daesh Targets Near Palmyra 9804 Trump Offers Moscow a Way Out of the Ukrainian Stalemate – Can Russia Trust Him? 7754 Why Russia Unleashed Kalibr Cruise Missiles on Daesh in Palmyra 7125 Daesh Militants Leave Raqqa, Cross Euphrates - Russian Military 6743All news Clapper: Russians ‘Genetically Driven’ to Interfere in Elections 71 Trump Offers Moscow a Way Out of the Ukrainian Stalemate – Can Russia Trust Him? 36 ‘Not Why I Lost’: Hillary Blames Literally Everyone But Herself for Defeat 35 Daesh Militants Leave Raqqa, Cross Euphrates - Russian Military 30 Putin Not Ruling Out US Troop Presence on Kurils if Islands Controlled by Japan 25All news Recommended News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Blond Bombshells: Female Politicians Who Rock Fair Hair No Difference? New Russian Weaponry: Support Vehicles Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 31°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Lufthansa weighs slowing deliveries of 777X in blow to Boeing Friday June 2, 2017 01:09 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Airbnb: Kg Baru one of the world’s top trending neighbourhoods The Edit: Cuban artists sing to the Beatles in Havana The Edit: New research suggests that tea benefits women the most Swedish entrepreneur trademarks Trump’s cryptic ‘covfefe’ Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Lufthansa says reviewing the order book is daily business for any airline. — Reuters picFRANKFURT, June 2 — Deutsche Lufthansa AG is considering stretching out deliveries of Boeing Co’s new 777X aircraft, concerned about the cost and size of the big jet as managers review the airline’s fleet needs. A decision on the new timeline is “urgent” and could be reached by September, according to an internal video presentation by Lufthansa Chief Executive Officer Carsten Spohr. The German airline may take additional Airbus SE A350 planes, which carry fewer passengers than the 400-seat Boeing jet. “I’m not sure if we’ve really ordered enough A350s and possibly too many 777Xs,” Spohr said at a staff meeting, a replay of which was seen by Bloomberg. “We must now think about either stretching the 777X in a deal with Boeing to let them come in more slowly, or increasing profitability to finance our overdue fleet investments.” The move would be a blow to Boeing, which signed up Lufthansa as a launch customer for the 777X. The Chicago-based company has a backlog for the model worth about US$125 billion (RM535 billion) at list prices, with orders concentrated among airlines that have hit market turbulence recently. Carriers in the Persian Gulf, where low oil prices are damping economies and sapping demand for travel, account for more than three-quarters of the 306 orders. Deliveries for the 777X — a new version of Boeing’s existing 777 aircraft that will be the industry’s largest-ever twin-engine jetliner — are due to start in 2020. Lufthansa spokesman Andreas Bartels said reviewing the order book is daily business for any airline and that the company won’t comment on internal discussions. Boeing shares fell 0.3 per cent to US$187 at 1.05pm in New York. That pared the stock’s gain this year to 20 per cent, valuing the manufacturer at US$113 billion. Demand for big twin-aisle aircraft has weakened since Lufthansa placed an order for the Boeing model in 2013, under Spohr’s predecessor. Cheaper fuel and an industrywide glut of smaller, relatively young wide-body planes have upended the economics that had favored larger models for long-range flying. Slowing output Any deferrals or cancellations would add to concerns about the future of the 777, Boeing’s second-largest source of profit. The US manufacturer is slowing production of current versions as it encounters weaker sales and prepares to build test planes for the next-generation variant, Boeing’s most expensive commercial plane. Boeing spokesman Daniel Mosely declined to comment on potential talks with Lufthansa. The airline, which has its main hubs in Frankfurt and Munich, is grappling with a shifting aviation market that may have made parts of its orders for 205 aircraft out of step with current trends. Carriers like Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA are ramping up cut-rate trans-Atlantic services using long-range narrow-bodies or fuel-efficient aircraft like Boeing’s twin-aisle 787 Dreamliner. Based on list prices, Lufthansa’s order book translates into average spending of €3.9 billion (RM18.7 billion) a year through 2025. That compares with a budget for about €2.5 billion in annual capital expenditure. The US$408.8 million 777X would eat up almost all of that, but remains necessary to replace older four-engine aircraft, the CEO said. Cutting Costs Spohr’s message, delivered in March, may also have been intended to motivate Lufthansa managers to cut costs. He argued that meager profitability has caused the airline to under-invest in its fleet for two decades. The German carrier’s aircraft were 11.3 years old on average last year, compared with 5.25 years at Dubai-based Emirates airline and 5.5 years at Dublin-based discount carrier Ryanair Holdings Plc. The ageing fleet has left Lufthansa with the highest fuel expenses of any airline in Europe, as it operates almost 100 four-engine gas guzzlers. That includes the largest global fleet of Airbus A340s, a model that has long been out of production. While Lufthansa has 20 777Xs on firm order plus another 14 options, according to Boeing’s order book, it has just 25 A350s due for delivery. The Airbus plane, which seats 293 people and costs about US$100 million less, is interesting for long-haul routes frequented by fewer passengers, reducing the need to bundle traffic at large hubs. These capabilities could make long-haul services from Dusseldorf, Hamburg and Berlin viable for Lufthansa’s Eurowings budget subsidiary, Spohr said. Lufthansa has also indicated that it may lease a larger proportion of its fleet and buy more used models to curb expenditures. The carrier said last month that it will replace most of the long-haul planes flown by its Belgian arm and opt for used aircraft. “Generally speaking, there for sure will be good deals in the coming years,” Spohr said in the video. “Airbus and Boeing have sold far too many aircraft to the Gulf.” Other strategies for passenger operations outlined by Spohr included: New business-class cabin slated for future long-haul planes beginning with the 777X won’t be retrofitted onto aircraft currently in fleet A possible “business-plus” cabin rather than a first class on some 777X aircraft On European routes, potential introduction of a so-called ultra-light fare cheaper than its current lowest-cost “light” pricing segment. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Ringgit opens higher against US dollar Chinese billionaires clash over Alibaba's parcel deliveries Bursa opens higher, tracking Wall Street gains Linde, Praxair agree US$73b merger to create global gases leader Automakers stuck with no-win US market as consumers step back EPF investment income jumps 73.9pc to RM11.79b in 2017 first quarter Ringgit jumps on Opec, yuan at three-month high, other Asian currencies drift 1MDB probe: MAS fines Credit Suisse, UOB, seeks more trading bans (VIDEO) AirAsia's Fernandes says 'foolish' not to consider C919 (VIDEO) Meet Li Shufu, the man who dared buy Proton Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Lufthansa expands Asia network with Cathay Pacific tie-up Nearly all Berlin flights cancelled due to strike (VIDEO) ABC News: Lufthansa flight to Germany diverted to NYC after threat More than 800 Lufthansa flights grounded as pilots resume strike Lufthansa scraps 900 flights today as pilots extend strike Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Aviation News: Jeppesen Helps Enhance Pilot Safety by Sponsoring EAA AirVenture Pilot Proficiency Center Programs Englewood, Colo. | 01 Jun 2017 | By Jeppesen Jeppesen, a Boeing Company, will be promoting pilot safety by sponsoring Pilot Proficiency Center programs at EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017. Jeppesen will help EAA emphasize the importance of pilot proficiency, efficiency and safety through Tech Talks presentations, which will be held in the Pilot Proficiency Center located at EAA Four Corners, just west of Boeing Plaza. “We are proud to support EAA in their mission to enhance pilot safety and increase awareness of current best practices through the Pilot Proficiency Center,” said Reggie Arsenault, director, Jeppesen General Aviation Client Management. “These programs are essential to achieve our shared goal of providing pilots with all of the essential information they need to safely take to the skies.”   Jeppesen is also helping sponsor several EAA AirVenture web pages including: Understanding Oshkosh Air Traffic Control, Ground Operations, International and Commercial arrivals, Weather and Fuel Services. Additionally, 2017 marks the 25th anniversary of the Young Eagles program, which was developed in 1992 and has provided more than 2 million young people ages 8-17 an introduction to the world of personal aviation. To honor the Young Eagles 25th anniversary, Jeppesen is designing and producing a commemorative chart, as well as hosting the Gathering of Eagles Grand Reception. “EAA AirVenture has always been a place of learning and discovery,” said Dave Chaimson, vice president of Marketing and Business Development. “With hundreds of forums taking place throughout the week, we are happy to do our part to support the sharing of flight safety and awareness to pilots coming to Oshkosh.” Jeppesen also supports year round EAA initiatives, including the sponsorship of the new Chapter Video Magazine and eNewsletter that celebrate the “Spirit of EAA” and incorporate segments of project patrols, volunteer spotlights and news from EAA headquarters. Jeppesen is also sponsoring IMC and VMC club programs which help promote pilot proficiency in instrument and non-instrument rated flying. For further detail on the industry-leading navigation, operations, training and optimization solutions provided by Jeppesen, please visit www.jeppesen.com. About EAA AirVenture Oshkosh EAA AirVenture Oshkosh is the “World’s Greatest Aviation Celebration” and EAA’s yearly membership convention. Additional EAA AirVenture information, including advance ticket and camping purchase, is available online at www.eaa.org/airventure. EAA members receive lowest prices on admission rates. For more information on EAA and its programs, call 1-800-JOIN-EAA (1-800-564-6322) or visit www.eaa.org. Immediate news is available at www.twitter.com/EAA. About Jeppesen For more than 80 years, Jeppesen has made it possible for pilots and their passengers to safely and efficiently reach their destinations. Today, this pioneering spirit continues as Jeppesen delivers transformative information and optimization solutions to improve the efficiency of air operations around the globe. Jeppesen is a Boeing subsidiary and part of the Digital Aviation business unit within Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. Boeing offers the industry’s largest portfolio of support and services solutions, providing customers a competitive advantage by solving real operational problems, enabling better decisions, maximizing efficiency and improving environmental performance – intelligent information solutions across the entire aviation ecosystem. Media Contact: Brian Rantala +1-303-328-4370 brian.rantala@jeppesen.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Trump Pulls Out of Paris Climate Agreement Next PostNext Univision Local Media Joins the Sinclair and Nexstar Consortium to Promote Broadcast Spectrum Aggregation, Innovation and Monetization Search Recent Posts Smart Door Locks Market 2017 is Stepping into a Bright Future in United States Region Global Post-Op Sponges Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Forecast 2022: 2017 United States Blow Guns Market Analysis Electric Gripper Market: Dynamics, Segments, Size and Demand, 2017-2022 Ag Growth International Inc. Announces Approval of All Resolutions at Annual Meeting of Shareholders Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Crime News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds AP Dollar General and Deere rise; Boeing and HP Enterprise Jun 1, 2017 Updated 4 hrs ago NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily on Thursday: Boeing Co., down 31 cents to $187.32 Canada's defense minister renewed threats to cancel an order for Boeing fighter jets because of its trade complaint against Bombardier. Dollar General Corp., up $4.80 to $78.19 The discount store chain announced a bigger profit and better sales than investors expected. Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co., down $1.29 to $17.52 The information technology company posted a smaller profit than expected. Palo Alto Networks Inc., up $20.40 to $138.99 The security software company did better than analysts expected in its fiscal third quarter. Deere & Co., up $2.24 to $124.70 The tractor and mower maker said it will buy Germany's Wirtgen, a maker of highway paving machinery, for about $4.9 billion. PPG Industries Inc., up $2.80 to $109.16 Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. The chemicals company abandoned efforts to buy Dutch rival AkzoNobel, which has rejected its takeover approaches three times. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, up 57 cents to $11.14 Car sales fell for the fifth month in a row, but investors were pleased with the sales figures. Express Inc., down $1.49 to $6.27 The clothing retailer said discounts cut into its profit margins in the first quarter and it lowered its annual outlook. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business Information Technology Latest in section Hammond residents get look at TOD Dragging Movie Theaters Down With Retail Is a Big Mistake California, New York, Washington unite to back climate pact Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time License dispute could delay Nevada recreational pot sales More on this topic Dragging Movie Theaters Down With Retail Is a Big Mistake California, New York, Washington unite to back climate pact Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time License dispute could delay Nevada recreational pot sales I Still Can't Believe Verizon Spent $200 Million on go90 Most Popular on nwi.com Man found dead at Whiting's Whihala beach Coroner: Auto accident claims life of Lowell teen Supreme Court to decide who owns Lake Michigan beaches Zip line park zooms into Northwest Indiana this weekend UPDATE: 32-year-old shot in Memorial Day homicide Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents +15 219 15 essential baby boomer TV shows National News By the numbers: A look at drunk driving in the US +8 Autos Used Cars for sale for $10,000 or less Miley's pitching, 4 HRs carry Orioles past Red Sox 7-5 LEADING OFF: Kershaw faces Brewers; M's await injury reports Changes coming? NBA commissioner wants draft rules amended Rockies use pair of homers to outlast Mariners 6-3 Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Optimist Club Of Hammond 5390 72nd Ave, Schererville, IN 46375 Meyers Develpt. 9725 Parkway Dr., Highland, IN 46322 Jamila D. Miller, D.D.S., M.S.D. Prosthodontics and General Dentistry Serving Munster & Surrounding Areas, Munster, IN 46321 Ads Terry's Discount Windows & More 3152 Morthland Dr, Valparaiso, IN 46385 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... The Thursday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories National by The Canadian Press Posted Jun 1, 2017 2:33 pm MDT Last Updated Jun 1, 2017 at 3:20 pm MDT Highlights from the news file for Thursday, June 1 U.S. WITHDRAWS FROM PARIS CLIMATE ACCORD: President Donald Trump has announced that the U.S. will withdraw from the Paris climate agreement, but will begin negotiations to “re-enter either the Paris accord or an entirely new transaction.” Trump said during a White House Rose Garden announcement that the U.S. will exit the landmark climate agreement aimed at reducing carbon emissions to slow climate change. Trump says the deal “disadvantages” the U.S. and is causing job losses and lower wages. ——— CANADA ANNOUNCES COMPENSATION FOR SOFTWOOD PRODUCERS: Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr and other members of cabinet have unveiled an $867-million package of supports to help lumber producers and employees weather the impact of new U.S. tariffs on Canadian softwood. The package announced Thursday includes loans and loan guarantees to help ease the burden for forestry companies and to help them explore new markets and innovations. In April, the Trump administration slapped countervailing import duties as high as 24 per cent on softwood, arguing Canada unfairly subsidizes its industry. ——— FORMER ONTARIO NURSE PLEADS GUILTY TO MURDER: The former Ontario nurse charged in the slayings of eight seniors has pleaded guilty to eight counts of first-degree murder. Elizabeth Wettlaufer appeared in a Woodstock, Ont., court Thursday. Police have said the killeds took place over the last decade in three long-term care facilities where Wettlaufer worked as a registered nurse, and at a private home. Wettlaufer also pleaded guilty to four counts of attempted murder. ——— FORMER ENGINEER ACQUITTED OF CHARGES IN MALL COLLAPSE: A northern Ontario court has acquitted a former engineer of criminal negligence charges in the collapse of an Elliot Lake shopping mall. Robert Wood had declared the Algo Centre Mall structurally sound just weeks before the collapse in 2012. Two women were killed when part of the roof-top parking deck at the mall caved in. ——— COUILLARD SAYS TIME TO REOPEN CONSTITUTION: Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard says Canada’s 150th birthday is the right time to reopen constitutional discussions. Couillard told The Canadian Press that while the issue took a backseat to the economy and health care for the first half of his mandate, he would have been disappointed had his first term finished without tackling the subject of Quebec-Canada relations. There is no timeline for opening constitutional negotiations, but Couillard is hopeful the vast coast-to-coast discussion he is launching will eventually lead there. ——— FIGHTER JET TALKS IN LIMBO: The federal government says it’s not talking to other companies about replacement fighter jets in spite of its trade dispute with Boeing. The parliamentary secretary for Procurement Minister Judy Foote says the government has suspended talks with Boeing about plans to purchase Super Hornet fighter jets. But Steve MacKinnon says the government is not talking to other companies about supplying fighters. The government says it is disappointed that Boeing has petitioned the U.S. government to investigate subsidies for Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the Canadian company to export planes at well below cost. ——— TAKEOVER SPECULATION FUELS BLACKBERRY STOCKS: BlackBerry Ltd. shares were on the rise Thursday after a research report identified the Canadian company as a likely target for an acquisition. The shares rose nearly 11 per cent on the Toronto Stock Exchange at one point in the wake of the report by Citron Research. It is predicting the company’s shares are likely to reach US$20 on the Nasdaq within 24 months and is a likely buyout target at a sizable premium. ——— HOUSING STRATEGY TO CLOSE EQUALITY GAP: The head of the federal agency crafting a national housing strategy says he’ll try to close the equality gap between the haves and have-nots. Evan Siddall of the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. says inequality threatens the very fabric of western society. The comments are a change of tone from Siddall, who months ago tried to temper high expectations that the strategy would meet hopes that a national plan would move people out of shelters and into homes and deal with concerns about affordability in the country’s biggest cities. ——— FORMER SECURITY OFFICIAL CALLS FOR BEEFED UP CYBER DEFENCE: The former head of the American National Security Agency says the U.S. and and Canada need a new cyberdefence program to prevent hackers from economic attacks. Retired Gen. Keith Alexander tells The Canadian Press that the potential benefits from the Liberal government’s core economic plan to encourage investment and innovation are at risk of being stolen and undermined by hackers. He says with Canada staking its economic future on technological innovation, it mustn’t allow the products and advancements that might come from that to simply be stolen. ——— PHILIPPINES HOTEL COMPLEX ATTACKED: An attack on a hotel and casino complex near Manila’s airport sent hundreds fleeing early Friday morning. Gunshots rang out as police rushed to the Resorts World Manila complex. The Islamic State group took responsibility for the attack, but a police official says there is no evidence the casino attack is terrorism and no confirmed reports of gunshot wounds. Police believe just one gunman was involved. ——— Movie Trailers June 2, 2017 to June 8, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray Weekend Listings: The Boss Baby (G) 11:45am / 3:00pm / 6:30pm / 9:30pm Smurfs: The Lost Village (PG) 12:00pm / 3:15pm / 6:15pm / 9:00pm The Fate and the Furious (PG) 11:30am / 12:30pm / 2:45pm / 3:45pm / 6:00pm / 7:00pm / 9:15pm / 10:15pm Going in Style (PG) 12:45pm / 4:00pm / 7:15pm / 9:45pm Beauty and the Beast (PG) 12:15pm / 3:30pm / 6:45pm / 10:00pm          660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL Premier says report on Fort McMurray wildfire response is imminent Jun 01, 2017, 6:06 PM PUBLISHERS WEEKLY Bestsellers Jun 01, 2017, 5:45 PM Star-studded festivities planned for Canada Day long weekend in Ottawa Jun 01, 2017, 5:39 PM Loto-Quebec cancels betting on future of U.S. President Donald Trump’s presidency Jun 01, 2017, 5:23 PM Vancouver-based yoga wear retailer Lululemon to close 40 Ivivva stores Jun 01, 2017, 4:52 PM RCMP charge Ontario man who allegedly tried to import fentanyl patches Jun 01, 2017, 4:40 PM Star-studded festivities planned for Canada Day long weekend in Ottawa Jun 01, 2017, 3:39 PM Loto-Quebec cancels betting on future of U.S. President Donald Trump's presidency Jun 01, 2017, 3:23 PM RCMP charge Ontario man who allegedly tried to import fentanyl patches Jun 01, 2017, 2:40 PM Canada's softwood industry and Thursday's support package, by the numbers Jun 01, 2017, 2:21 PM Senate report urges more support, schools for French education in B.C. Jun 01, 2017, 1:03 PM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT Vancouver-based yoga wear retailer Lululemon to close 40 Ivivva stores Jun 01, 2017, 2:52 PM Most actively traded companies on the TSX Jun 01, 2017, 2:38 PM Auto sales set record in May, gain 11.2 per cent compared with a year ago Jun 01, 2017, 2:06 PM No new fighter jet talks amid Boeing-Bombardier spat, say Liberals Jun 01, 2017, 1:42 PM Federal housing agency beefing up ability to detect mortgage fraud, CEO says Jun 01, 2017, 1:38 PM 12 UFAs Vegas should target in exclusive negotiating window Jun 01, 2017, 4:35 PM Zen master Matt Murray chasing NHL history with each start Jun 01, 2017, 4:54 PM Down Goes Brown: 10 who might star in another summer NHL blockbuster Jun 01, 2017, 11:44 AM Predators head coach Laviolette won’t announce goalie for Game 3 Jun 01, 2017, 3:10 PM TFC’s Justin Morrow: LeBron blazed path for all African Americans Jun 01, 2017, 3:53 PM Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM PUBLISHERS WEEKLY Bestsellers Jun 01, 2017, 3:45 PM Monster Truck Destruction Tour set to hit Fort McMurray Jun 01, 2017, 2:21 PM 'Come From Away' announces tour stops in Vancouver, Calgary, Edmonton and Ottawa Jun 01, 2017, 2:11 PM Cyndi Lauper to receive Logo's 2017 Trailblazer Honour Jun 01, 2017, 12:05 PM Stones' Keith Richards auctions goods for autistic adults Jun 01, 2017, 11:18 AM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: New diagnosis for VA•Navy revamps pay & promotions rubrik•Former WWE exec leads SBA Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Dollar General and Deere… Dollar General and Deere rise; Boeing and HP Enterprise By The Associated Press June 1, 2017 5:28 pm < a min read Share NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily on Thursday: Boeing Co., down 31 cents to $187.32 Canada’s defense minister renewed threats to cancel an order for Boeing fighter jets because of its trade complaint against Bombardier. Dollar General Corp., up $4.80 to $78.19 Download our online chat with Col. Brandon Pearce, chief information security officer for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. Advertisement The discount store chain announced a bigger profit and better sales than investors expected. Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co., down $1.29 to $17.52 The information technology company posted a smaller profit than expected. Palo Alto Networks Inc., up $20.40 to $138.99 The security software company did better than analysts expected in its fiscal third quarter. Deere & Co., up $2.24 to $124.70 Check out Federal News Radio's latest podcasts. The tractor and mower maker said it will buy Germany’s Wirtgen, a maker of highway paving machinery, for about $4.9 billion. PPG Industries Inc., up $2.80 to $109.16 The chemicals company abandoned efforts to buy Dutch rival AkzoNobel, which has rejected its takeover approaches three times. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, up 57 cents to $11.14 Car sales fell for the fifth month in a row, but investors were pleased with the sales figures. Express Inc., down $1.49 to $6.27 The clothing retailer said discounts cut into its profit margins in the first quarter and it lowered its annual outlook. Related Topics Business News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Dollar General and Deere… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories TSP board to move L fund to 5-year increments Top Story Details emerging for EPA’s early retirement, incentive payouts Workforce White House grants 14 ethics waivers to staff People Cyber Mission Forces try to manipulate cyber terrain with new policy Defense News DHS cancels $1.5B contract for agile services Contracts/Awards Fed Photo of the Day Labor Secretary discusses apprenticeships at Milton Manufacturing Today in History 1812: James Madison asks Congress to declare War on the United Kingdom THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Jun 01, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9541 0.0280 2.80% L 2020 25.6757 0.0752 4.59% L 2030 28.7196 0.1339 6.52% L 2040 30.9804 0.1712 7.46% L 2050 17.7932 0.1130 8.30% G Fund 15.3364 0.0010 0.98% F Fund 17.8818 -0.0149 2.57% C Fund 33.8068 0.2581 8.67% S Fund 43.7418 0.7113 4.96% I Fund 28.1962 0.0750 14.31% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Rogers Media uses cookies for personalization, to customize its online advertisements, and for other purposes. Learn more or change your cookie preferences. Rogers Media supports the Digital Advertising Alliance principles. By continuing to use our service, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies (why?) You can change cookie preferences. Continued site use signifies consent. City Cityline Breakfast Television News Local Athlete of the Week National GTA Sports Sportsnet Entertainment Life Video Weather Extras News Tips News Alerts Inside CityNews Our Team About Us Contact Us Apps LISTEN LIVE LOCAL VIDEO NEWS TIPS Loading articles... The Thursday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories by The Canadian Press Posted Jun 1, 2017 4:33 pm EDT Last Updated Jun 1, 2017 at 5:20 pm EDT National Highlights from the news file for Thursday, June 1 U.S. WITHDRAWS FROM PARIS CLIMATE ACCORD: President Donald Trump has announced that the U.S. will withdraw from the Paris climate agreement, but will begin negotiations to “re-enter either the Paris accord or an entirely new transaction.” Trump said during a White House Rose Garden announcement that the U.S. will exit the landmark climate agreement aimed at reducing carbon emissions to slow climate change. Trump says the deal “disadvantages” the U.S. and is causing job losses and lower wages. ——— CANADA ANNOUNCES COMPENSATION FOR SOFTWOOD PRODUCERS: Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr and other members of cabinet have unveiled an $867-million package of supports to help lumber producers and employees weather the impact of new U.S. tariffs on Canadian softwood. The package announced Thursday includes loans and loan guarantees to help ease the burden for forestry companies and to help them explore new markets and innovations. In April, the Trump administration slapped countervailing import duties as high as 24 per cent on softwood, arguing Canada unfairly subsidizes its industry. ——— FORMER ONTARIO NURSE PLEADS GUILTY TO MURDER: The former Ontario nurse charged in the slayings of eight seniors has pleaded guilty to eight counts of first-degree murder. Elizabeth Wettlaufer appeared in a Woodstock, Ont., court Thursday. Police have said the killeds took place over the last decade in three long-term care facilities where Wettlaufer worked as a registered nurse, and at a private home. Wettlaufer also pleaded guilty to four counts of attempted murder. ——— FORMER ENGINEER ACQUITTED OF CHARGES IN MALL COLLAPSE: A northern Ontario court has acquitted a former engineer of criminal negligence charges in the collapse of an Elliot Lake shopping mall. Robert Wood had declared the Algo Centre Mall structurally sound just weeks before the collapse in 2012. Two women were killed when part of the roof-top parking deck at the mall caved in. ——— COUILLARD SAYS TIME TO REOPEN CONSTITUTION: Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard says Canada’s 150th birthday is the right time to reopen constitutional discussions. Couillard told The Canadian Press that while the issue took a backseat to the economy and health care for the first half of his mandate, he would have been disappointed had his first term finished without tackling the subject of Quebec-Canada relations. There is no timeline for opening constitutional negotiations, but Couillard is hopeful the vast coast-to-coast discussion he is launching will eventually lead there. ——— FIGHTER JET TALKS IN LIMBO: The federal government says it’s not talking to other companies about replacement fighter jets in spite of its trade dispute with Boeing. The parliamentary secretary for Procurement Minister Judy Foote says the government has suspended talks with Boeing about plans to purchase Super Hornet fighter jets. But Steve MacKinnon says the government is not talking to other companies about supplying fighters. The government says it is disappointed that Boeing has petitioned the U.S. government to investigate subsidies for Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the Canadian company to export planes at well below cost. ——— TAKEOVER SPECULATION FUELS BLACKBERRY STOCKS: BlackBerry Ltd. shares were on the rise Thursday after a research report identified the Canadian company as a likely target for an acquisition. The shares rose nearly 11 per cent on the Toronto Stock Exchange at one point in the wake of the report by Citron Research. It is predicting the company’s shares are likely to reach US$20 on the Nasdaq within 24 months and is a likely buyout target at a sizable premium. ——— HOUSING STRATEGY TO CLOSE EQUALITY GAP: The head of the federal agency crafting a national housing strategy says he’ll try to close the equality gap between the haves and have-nots. Evan Siddall of the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. says inequality threatens the very fabric of western society. The comments are a change of tone from Siddall, who months ago tried to temper high expectations that the strategy would meet hopes that a national plan would move people out of shelters and into homes and deal with concerns about affordability in the country’s biggest cities. ——— FORMER SECURITY OFFICIAL CALLS FOR BEEFED UP CYBER DEFENCE: The former head of the American National Security Agency says the U.S. and and Canada need a new cyberdefence program to prevent hackers from economic attacks. Retired Gen. Keith Alexander tells The Canadian Press that the potential benefits from the Liberal government’s core economic plan to encourage investment and innovation are at risk of being stolen and undermined by hackers. He says with Canada staking its economic future on technological innovation, it mustn’t allow the products and advancements that might come from that to simply be stolen. ——— PHILIPPINES HOTEL COMPLEX ATTACKED: An attack on a hotel and casino complex near Manila’s airport sent hundreds fleeing early Friday morning. Gunshots rang out as police rushed to the Resorts World Manila complex. The Islamic State group took responsibility for the attack, but a police official says there is no evidence the casino attack is terrorism and no confirmed reports of gunshot wounds. Police believe just one gunman was involved. ——— Join the conversation Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Edit Profile | Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Comment Please read our commenting policies Listen Now 680 NEWS live --:-- LOCAL NATIONAL Ex-engineer not guilty in deadly Elliot Lake mall collapse Jun 01, 2017, 2:34 PM Police ID man shot and killed on Brampton street Jun 01, 2017, 2:01 PM Ontario vet faces 16 animal cruelty charges: OSPCA Jun 01, 2017, 1:18 PM Pride flag raised at Toronto police headquarters Jun 01, 2017, 1:14 PM Lots going on this weekend in Toronto ... but good luck getting there Jun 01, 2017, 12:34 PM Mississauga residents on edge after rash of car break-ins May 26, 2017, 9:49 PM N.S. Liberals accused of turning their back on ex-staffer after domestic assault Jun 01, 2017, 2:51 PM Telecom providers must update 911 networks by end of 2020, CRTC says Jun 01, 2017, 2:44 PM The Wednesday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories May 31, 2017, 4:37 PM Wildfire's return stalls recovery plans for Fort McMurray oilsands industry May 17, 2016, 8:06 AM City costs for Vancouver 4-20 marijuana protest more than $245,000 May 25, 2017, 8:15 PM Ex-engineer not guilty of criminal negligence in deadly Ontario mall collapse Jun 01, 2017, 2:25 PM LIFE SPORTSNET ENTERTAINMENT Switching off: Parents urged to keep infants away from digital screens Jun 01, 2017, 12:06 AM Lawyers take personalized 'Grabher' licence plate case to Supreme Court May 31, 2017, 6:53 AM Health Canada investigating reports of babies burned by Banana Boat sunscreen May 31, 2017, 6:47 AM Dog rescued from Scarborough Bluffs, runs immediately back to edge May 30, 2017, 1:46 PM Safety review of Toronto's bike and walking trails starts Monday May 29, 2017, 5:52 AM Red Cross official says fentanyl a risk; first-aiders can refuse CPR May 26, 2017, 8:52 PM 12 UFAs Vegas should target in exclusive negotiating window Jun 01, 2017, 4:35 PM Zen master Matt Murray chasing NHL history with each start Jun 01, 2017, 4:54 PM Down Goes Brown: 10 who might star in another summer NHL blockbuster Jun 01, 2017, 11:44 AM Predators head coach Laviolette won’t announce goalie for Game 3 Jun 01, 2017, 3:10 PM TFC’s Justin Morrow: LeBron blazed path for all African Americans Jun 01, 2017, 3:53 PM CNN cuts ties with Kathy Griffin over gruesome Trump video May 31, 2017, 5:40 AM Ariana Grande, Justin Bieber, others, to play Manchester charity concert on Sunday May 30, 2017, 11:37 AM Tragically Lit: The Hip strikes partnership with medical marijuana company May 30, 2017, 9:56 AM From screen to page: NFB forays into book publishing May 29, 2017, 2:24 PM Gregg Allman of The Allman Brothers Band dies at age 69 May 27, 2017, 5:11 PM Home About Us Contact Us Download App Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 333 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario M4W 1G9 © 2002-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Footage captures shocking moment a thief makes off with the wedding ring and backpack of the Army vet who was stabbed to death defending teenage girls on a Portland train New video captures the moment Tiger Woods struggles to blow into a breathalyzer test in jail as the barefoot golfer appears confused after his DUI arrest Chilling new CCTV images show Manchester bomber prowling the city as he plotted the suicide attack that killed 22 as police ask for help piecing together his last movements Kathy Griffin claims she is a victim of 'bullying' at  the hands of the Trump family as she prepares to hold a press conference to explain why she did THAT photo shoot Off-duty police officer working for Jimmy Kimmel Live! shoots a Pit Bull Terrier in packed Hollywood ice cream shop after the dog bit him At least one person is killed after a Cessna 180 plane crashes into hills north of Ventura County and explodes 'I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris': Trump pulls US out of climate accord as he calls it 'unfair at the very highest level' and vows to protect American jobs  Split in Trump cabinet is laid bare as Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross says Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was wrong to want to stay in Paris deal Jared WAS in the White House when Trump announced the climate treaty exit he and Ivanka opposed - meeting 'out of towner' while his father-in-law got standing ovation from the rest of his aides 'It's now up to cities to lead': Pittsburgh mayor trolls Trump after president mentions city to justify pulling US out of Paris climate change accord Trump phoned Europe's top leaders to tell them he was pulling out of Paris - but France's Macron responded with public lecture telling him: 'Make the planet great again' Fox news host Kimberly Guilfoyle - once tipped to be taking Spicer's job - reveals Trump called her for her opinion on Paris Accord before announcing his decision  'And more proof': The Weather Channel trolls President Trump by devoting its homepage to bashing his decision to withdraw from the Paris Climate Accord New York lights up One World Trade Center, Kosciuszko Bridge, and City Hall in green to protest Trump's 'reckless decision to withdraw from the Paris Accord' Trump is rejecting the future by pulling out of Paris accord says Obama: Ex-president voices fury at move by successor  Disney CEO Robert Iger joins Elon Musk in resigning from the President's Council over his withdrawal from the Paris Accord  Vladimir Putin tells Oliver Stone how he has escaped five assassination attempts as he admits that while Edward Snowden leaking confidential information was 'wrong' it does not make him a traitor in new documentary Kevin Durant dunks his way to 38 points and Steph Curry drains six three-pointers as Warriors dominate Cavaliers in Game 1 of NBA Finals despite valiant effort from LeBron James Police officer who 'broke all the bones in soroity girls' face' when he slammed her to the ground during arrest is exhonerated and back at work  Vlad to see you! Megyn Kelly dons off-the-shoulder velvet dress with a slit and massive platform shoes to chat with a transfixed Putin in Russia Dakota Access oil pipeline begins service as Native American tribes vow to continue fighting against $3.8 billion project Man wanted for 'inappropriately touching underage girl repeatedly at Arlington National Cemetery on Memorial Day' turns himself in The husband hunters: A new book reveals the extraordinary lengths American heiresses went to snap up impoverished British blue bloods in a cash-for-class deal that saved the aristocracy  Rebel Wilson’s U.S. agent says lull in Hollywood star’s career after success of Pitch Perfect movie was baffling during defamation trial that accuses magazine of harming her career by making her out to be a 'serial liar' Previous Next United Airlines to launch an 18-hour nonstop flight between LA and Singapore - making it the longest route to or from the US The airlines said flight distance is about 8,700 miles total from LAX to Singapore  Flights fly from LA at 8.55pm and arrive two days later in Singapore at 6.50am  And depart Singapore at 11am and arrive in LA at 10.15am on the same day  Flights total 18 hours and will start on October 27 pending government approval By Dailymail.com Reporter and Associated Press Published: 16:48 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 17:21 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail 126 shares 128 View comments United Airlines announced Thursday that it will launch an 18-hour flight between Los Angeles and Singapore, making it the longest route to or from the United States. Westbound flights will be a derriere-numbing 17 hours and 55 minutes.  Flight UA 37 will depart Los Angeles at 8.55pm daily and arrive in Singapore at 6.50am two days later local time. The total distance is about 8,700 miles.  The return flight, UA 38, will depart Singapore's Changi Airport at 11.00am daily, arriving at Los Angeles International Airport at 10.15am the same day.  United Airlines (file) announced Thursday that it will launch an 18-hour flight between Los Angeles and Singapore, making it the longest route to or from the United States Flight UA 37 will depart Los Angeles at 8.55pm daily and arrive in Singapore at 6.50am two days later local time. The total distance is about 8,700 miles. Pictured is United's 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft  that features 48 Polaris business class seats  Flying times will be approximately 17 hours, 55 minutes westbound and 15 hours, 15 minutes eastbound, with the prevailing tail wind.  The airline said Thursday that assuming it gets government approval, flights will start on October 27 using Boeing 787 planes. 'The flight between LAX and SIN will set the new distance record for any airline operating a flight to or from the United States, at 8,700 miles,' the airline said in a statement.  United already has an existing service between San Francisco International Airport (SFO) and SIN, which started one year ago, June 1, 2016. That particular flight, accoding to United, holds the current record for the longest scheduled 787 flight operated by any airline and is currently the longest scheduled flight operated by any US carrier, at 8,446 miles.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Terrifying moment United Airlines plane engine catches fire... Shocking moment angry Delta passenger is cuffed and dragged... Share this article Share United will operate both routes with Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft. 'Whether our customers are on leisure or business travel, United is making travel to Singapore easier and even more convenient than ever before ...,' said Dave Hilfman, United's senior vice president of Worldwide Sales.  United operates more than 130 flights to over 40 airports across the US. 'We are proud that United Airlines will set a new record for the longest nonstop route by a domestic carrier right here at LAX,' said Deborah Flint, CEO of Los Angeles World Airports.  United's 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft will feature a total of 252 seats – 48 United Polaris business class, 204 United Economy, including 88 Economy Plus.  United Economy seats feature an adjustable headrest and seat-back monitor, while the United Economy Plus offers up to five inches of extra legroom.  United Economy seats feature an adjustable headrest and seat-back monitor, while the United Economy Plus offers up to five inches of extra legroom. Pictured is business class on Singapore Airlines' Boeings The longest current US flight is Qantas' 8,578-mile trip between Dallas-Fort Worth and Sydney, Australia. Among flights that don't touch the US, Qatar Airways flies a 9,032-mile route between its hub in Doha and Auckland, New Zealand.  United's announcement comes after nearly two months of bad press. In April, several incidents were reported on United flights, the most notorious occurred when police violently drug Dr David Dao off a flight, leaving him with a concussion and broken nose, among other injuries. LONGEST FLIGHTS IN THE WORLD 1. Sydney-Dallas, Qantas – 8,578 miles, 16 hours and 55 minutes 2. Jeddah-Los Angeles, Saudia – 8,332 miles, 16 hours and 40 minutes 3. Johannesburg-Atlanta, Delta Air Lines – 8,439 miles, 16 hours and 40       minutes 4. Dubai-Los Angeles, Emirates – 8,339 miles, 16 hours and 35 minutes 5. Abu Dhabi-Los Angeles, Etihad Airways – 8,390 miles, 16 hours and 30 minutes. 6. Doha-Los Angeles, Qatar Airways – 8,306 miles, 16 hours and 25 minutes 7. Dallas-Hong Kong, American Airlines – 8,123 miles, 16 hours and 20 minutes 8. Dubai-Houston, Emirates – 8,168 miles, 16 hours and 20 minutes 9. Abu Dhabi-Dallas, Etihad Airways – 8,054 miles, 16 hours and 20 minutes 10. Doha-Houston, Qatar Airways – 8,047 miles, 16 hours and 20 minutes.   Source: DailyMail.com, February 2016 United's CEO Oscar Munoz said following the violent incident that the airline 'had a horrible failure'. 'It is not who we are. We will do better,' he said.  In May, passengers reported being attacked by a scorpion that caused a flight to evacuate and another passenger received a five-figure compensation pay out after her giant bunny, Simon, froze to death on its way to America while traveling with the airline. A couple was also kicked off a flight on their way to their wedding in Costa Rica. Last week, the airline reportedly accused a gay father, who was flying with his son to North Carolina, of inappropriately touching the boy. United issued an apology immediately after that incident.  And most recently, a bird strike shut down the engine of a United plane not long after it took off from Chicago on Thursday morning. A video showed flames shooting from the wing.  Share or comment on this article e-mail 126 shares Most watched News videos Beefeater tells woman off for throwing glove at Royal Guard Three dead after two bounty hunters shoot up Nissan dealership Trump announces U.S. will officially withdraw from Paris accord Catching a Killer: Documentary shows search for mother's killer Reports indicate Trump pulling US out of Paris climate deal Road rage pair kung-fu fight in middle of traffic jam in Malaga Dani Mathers apologizes for body shaming naked 70-year-old woman Jeremy Corbyn refuses to say if immigration would fall with him as PM Dramatic footage of rare mini TSUNAMI hitting Dutch beach resort Election 2017: The highlights from the BBC leaders' debate Timeline: Events that led to Tiger Woods' arrest suspicion of DUI Zookeeper mauled by a tiger talks about protecting the species 'I represent the people of Pittsburgh NOT Paris': Trump... At least 37 killed in Manila casino horror as they... 'You can take it to the bank he's going to withdraw':... Running tracks, 'pause areas' and a rooftop 'meadow':... 'He is a soldier and deserves to be treated with... We let our mother down... we couldn't protect her, say... Manchester bomber’s youngest victim Saffie Roussos'... Plumes of smoke are seen towering above the Vatican after... David Beckham, Gary Lineker and Ant and Dec lose their... 'F*** you England!’: Mother, 22, 'gets death threats'... Man who tied a noose around his wife's neck and dragged... Mother, 22, was left with two black eyes and a swollen... Graphic video captures the moment two bounty hunters and... Trump’s armada finally arrives! Two giant US aircraft... Feminist group strips naked and forms a pile of bodies... Megyn Kelly makes NBC debut: New host appears on 'Today'... Jared WAS in the White House when Trump announced the... Model hired as a human sushi platter slaps male customer... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 129 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'She started three families with three different people and f***** everyone over!' Kim Kardashian slams Caitlyn Jenner's book for 'scapegoating' Kris Renee Zellweger wows in LBD as she's honored at Greenwich International Film Festival gala Oscar-winning actress was a showstopper Well she is Beyonce's mom! Tina Knowles, 63, shows off her fit figure in skintight Ivy Park workout gear Tight clothing showed off her flawless curves Diva moment! Bethenny Frankel gestures wildly in frustration on set of her new reality show in NYC She's known for her emotional outbursts She's at it again! Edgy Kelly Osbourne debuts shimmery Mohawk braid hairstyle at Daytime Divas premiere Controversial figure when it comes to style So in love! Zoe Saldana looks chic as she cuddles up to husband Marco Perego at benefit for the Navy SEAL Foundation Adorable couple Nailed it! Karrueche Tran and Christina Milian look smoking hot for the Hollywood premiere of Claws The Claws were out in Hollywood on Thursday Leggy look! Keri Russell dons sexy black leather mini skirt as she joins Matthew Rhys at Americans LA event Keri went bare-legged in high-heeled pumps Kathy Griffin claims she has been bullied by the Trump family as she prepares to hold a press conference to explain why she did THAT photo shoot Khloe Kardashian puts her derriere on full display in skintight blue denim as she runs errands in Beverly Hills Added a burgundy tank top and gold flip flops Scarlet fever! Gigi Hadid rocks red dipped hair in powerful new Versace ad campaign New campaign features a host of other stars, including Taylor Hill, 21 Pierce Brosnan and wife of 16 years Keely Shaye Smith look tanned and relaxed as they jet out of LAX after romantic holiday in Hawaii Not impressed? Hailey Baldwin looks underwhelmed as she leaves posh Beverly Hills hotel in biker jacket Looked chic in a pair of dark blue jeans Kesha shows her country side in a denim shirt and red bandana as she jets out of LAX with boyfriend Brad Couple of more than three years Ashley Graham exposes cleavage and a flash of her waist while grabbing lunch in olive green off-the-shoulder ensemble in Los Angeles 'Love has no barriers': Celine Dion leads celebrities including Britney Spears and Selena Gomez in penning Pride letters 30 Days Of Pride She's got some front! Mariah Carey flashes cleavage as she dons thigh-skimming bodycon dress and black crop top for meeting in Beverly Hills 'Never even heard of her': Rob Kardashian denies dating reality star Mehgan James following Blac Chyna split Rumors are not true 'Follow Gregg cuz he doesn't post': Bella Thorne urges fans to check out her rekindled boyfriend Sulkin on Snapchat She was grilling him Keeping it casual: Ariel Winter, 19, dons baggy gray sweatpants and dark t-shirt for stroll with beau Levi Meaden, 29 Spotted out together Hold my hand mommy! Kourtney Kardashian steps out with Penelope for a day of shopping in Beverly Hills  The mother-of-three was spotted at the valet stand Mellow yellow! Anne Hathaway looks slim in a vibrant top while out in New York City Looked summery in a pair of ankle-length white jeans Making sweet music together: Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton head to a recording studio together in LA Looks like they are working on new music Star walks! Slim Natalie Portman looks full of spring cheer as she goes for a stroll with baby daughter in LA Blissful stroll with her daughter Melissa McCarthy dons chic checkered shawl as she enjoys Disneyland with her husband and daughters Spending time at the happiest place on Earth Peek-a-boo! Vanessa Hudgens appears shy as she dons demure athletic attire on outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Fitness fanatic 'It's actually pretty scary': Danay Garcia discusses fate of her character Luciana on Fear The Walking Dead She doesn't know if she'll be killed off No one's looking at your mouth! Kylie Jenner poses in black bra and undies while sprawled out on a white bed to promote new Lip Kit She stripped off NSFW: Playboy vet Kendra Wilkinson lets a Las Vegas dancer climb on her during male revue show... even though she's married with kids Back in her skinny jeans! Make-up free Irina Shayk shows off her slim figure as she steps out with baby Lea after jetting back from Cannes Hilary Swank cozies up to boyfriend Philip Schneider as she joins Robert Downey Jr and wife Susan at Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail's wedding Footsore? Brooke Shields ditches heels for flip flops as she shops till she drops in NYC The actress, who turned 52 on Wednesday, was laden down with bags Such a tease! Shanina Shaik stuns in a skimpy leopard bikini at the beach as she cheekily reminds Australian fans 'my summer begins next week' From Paris with love! Sofia Richie and bestie Chloe Bartoli lunch in New York after their saucy trip to Cannes with Scott Disick Grabbing a bite to eat Tat's the spirit! Malin Ackerman reveals her hip back tattoo while lunching in flirty halter top Between her toned shoulder blades Heidi Klum, 43, hits the beach with shirtless beau Vito Schnabel, 30, in Mykonos... after revealing she has 'no problem with nudity' She recently posed nude Priyanka Chopra looks chic in lace ensemble at Baywatch interview... after 'hitting back' over being accused of 'disrespecting' Indian PM by wearing dress Trump's ex-wife Marla Maples is spotted cozying up to a mystery man on day out playing softball in Central Park after spiritual getaway with daughter Tiffany Top of the crops! Iggy Azalea flashes her midriff as she signs autographs and poses with fans at LAX airport  Broke into a wide smile when greeted by fans Joining the rebellion! Wilson greeted at court by placard-waving supporters as defamation suit against Woman's Day continues  Warm welcome Who's your papa? Fabio to star as the Pope in Sharknado 5 as list of celebrity cameos are revealed Romance novel model will play the pontiff Showing it off at the beach! Joanna Krupa's nipple peeks through her shredded white top as she splashes around in Malibu Showing off her body Vlad to see you: Megyn Kelly dons off-the-shoulder velvet dress with a slit and massive platform shoes to chat with a transfixed President Putin  'What would you do?' Khloe Kardashian cryptically asks followers for advice about an unnamed 'friend' who is 'stealing' from the reality starlet Calling on Saul? Tough guy fixer Mike seems ready to work for Gus in new Better Call Saul trailer... as sleazy lawyer's money woes worsen Smooth landing! Fresh-faced Margot Robbie is spotted arriving at LAX airport after jetting in from London Flawless Taking a chance on her! Amanda Seyfried set to reprise role in Mamma Mia! sequel due out in 2018 Almost a decade since original film hit theaters What happened to her nose? Khloe Kardashian shows off much bigger snout as she poses without the contouring makeup she relies on Also didn't use filters Jared and Ivanka head to shul before SKIPPING Rose Garden ceremony as President Trump withdraws from Paris Accord despite his daughter's protests PICTURED: Blushing bride Emmy Rossum stuns in custom Carolina Herrera gown as she marries Sam Esmail in New York Beamed a huge smile  Caitlyn Jenner keeps it comfortable in blue long-sleeved top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Malibu Went on her regular Starbucks coffee run Penelope gives us the plain truth: Actress says she not that glamorous as she talks about Murder On The Orient Express  New movie Kathy Griffin loses MORE gigs after the Trump 'severed head' picture: Five venues have canceled shows in the wake of the shocking photo shoot Doesn't he know how to drive? Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban is again chauffeured to his favorite Hollywood hot spot Sun's out, guns out! Wonder Woman star Chris Pine flaunts his buff biceps in Miami Vice tank top as he grabs an iced coffee in NYC Ivanka Trump's daughter Arabella wears a dress by John Galliano on Jewish holiday - and the frock even features the anti-Semitic designer's signature Blooming beautiful! Transgender model Andreja Pejic dons floral blouse for summer stroll around New York Looked every bit the New Yorker Julia Roberts' upcoming TV series Today Will Be Different picked up by HBO It will be the first ever TV show for Roberts, who is also executive producer Tatt's nice! Male supermodel Jordan Barrett gets inked in Barcelona after hanging out with Lara Stone and Bella Hadid in Cannes European vacation Split! Workaholics actor Blake Anderson and wife Rachael Finley are set to divorce after five years of marriage and one child named Mars Her own best ad! Reese Witherspoon steps out toting a $165 straw purse from her line Draper James Wore tortoiseshell cat-eye sunglasses Checkmate! Rachel Weisz shows off her fashion prowess as she steps out in summery gingham shirt dress in New York Leaving the Today show Marilyn Monroe's Los Angeles home, where the Some Like It Hot actress overdosed in 1962, sells over the $6.9m asking price for $7.25m 'I am CRYING': Hamilton creator Lin-Manuel Miranda pays tribute to wife Vanessa with a 'V' tattoo on his ring finger - and spark social media meltdown We let our mother down... we couldn't protect her, say William and Harry: Princes make emotional admission in interview about Diana's death EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Game, set, match! Tennis ace Caroline Wozniacki enjoys a romantic day off from the French Open with NBA beau David Lee  She's her own best advertisement! Kendall Jenner puts on leggy display in off-the-shoulder romper over bodysuit from her clothing range  Brad Pitt is spotted treating the late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell's children to hot chocolate at Universal Studios Hollywood EXCLUSIVE: Walmart insurer demands Tracy Morgan turn over medical records and income statements and testify over '$90 million' car crash settlement  Drug, girls and shepherd's pie! As the Rolling Stones, combined age of 292, go on tour AGAIN, we reveal the untold stories from 55 years on the road Sports writer who called Rihanna 'fat' and said her size was 'tough to stomach' is SUSPENDED from his job and reacts by slamming boss with vulgar tweet A clear winner! As Rihanna dons transparent shoes, FEMAIL rounds up the see-through pumps that will replace last year's flesh-tone sandals Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's Beverly Hills home being sold for $18M as personal belongings including movie memorabilia and  furniture goes to auction Major multi-tasking! Zoe Saldana pulls a Gisele Bundchen by sharing photo where she's getting glammed while holding baby and cell phone What will Gregg say! Bella Thorne goes TOPLESS on Snapchat before deleting raunchy video... after reuniting with ex Sulkin following Scott Disick 'humiliation' Step into summer! FEMAIL rounds up 24 chic espadrilles for YOU to shop to follow in the footsteps of Jennifer Aniston and Alessandra Ambrosio EXCLUSIVE: Tiger Woods' ex-wife Elin Nordegren pulled over by Florida police for speeding - only 11 miles from where golfer was arrested for DUI 'Normal is boring': Christina El Moussa's daughter Taylor wears statement shirt... after months of family drama between mom and dad Caught up in a divorce Beverly Hills, 90210 co-stars Tori Spelling and Ian Ziering reunite for the launch of his wife's mommy blog Looked very happy to see each other Twelve-year-old girl blows away the America's Got Talent judges with her incredible ventriloquism act that saw her singing with her mouth CLOSED PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn are seen together for first time as pop superstar boards private jet with her little known actor beau  Baby on the way? Cristiano Ronaldo steps out with girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez in Corsica... after soccer stud's mom dismisses pregnancy rumors Nordic clans unite! Monarchs join the President of Finland for a gala dinner to celebrate 100 years of the country's independence Top of the world! Julianne Moore, 56, is youthful in red-and-white dress at Empire State Building in NYC as she speaks out about gun safety Twice as nice! Cat Deeley stuns in a ladylike white frock for interview in New York City... before emerging in gray slip and suede jacket Selena Gomez is 'head-over-heels in love' with beau The Weeknd and this relationship is 'very different' from the one she had with Justin Bieber 'I was moved by what a decent person Brad Pitt was': Meg Tilly, 57, talks 'generous' War Machine co-star as she returns to acting after 18 YEAR break 'A baguette dripping in cheese, some fries, a glass of wine': Health guru Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her daily diet and insists she never exercises on vacation It took 21 YEARS to bring Wonder Woman to the big screen - and at least 10 women including Beyoncé, a wrestler and a Bond girl were linked to the part 'It's a comedian's job to cross the line': Jim Carrey comes to Kathy Griffin's defense after bloody Trump head photo causes outrage Mask star speaks out  'Brand-new experience': will.i.am reveals Fergie is leaving The Black Eyed Peas and that Nicole Scherzinger is on band's forthcoming venture 'I would have been a lousy father!' Steve Martin, 71, reveals why it is important he became a dad later in life Hollywood star had his first child four years ago Heidi Montag says Lauren Conrad has NOT reached out to her even though they are both pregnant at same time... but Audrina and Kristin have Megyn Kelly makes Today debut reporting from Russia and confirms she will be interviewing Putin - but does not acknowledge co-host Hoda Kotb Did Pippa have a wedding smile-over? Dentists believe she had 'gold standard aligning, bleaching and bonding' ahead of her big day (just like big sister Kate) No heartache here! The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell beams at LA airport after revealing she has NOT returned diamond engagement ring to Ben Higgins Rod Stewart's wife Penny Lancaster, 46, shows off her model figure as she walks hand in hand with the rocker, 72, and son Aiden in St Tropez Salma Hayek stuns in a simple black dress with sheer detailing as she cozies up to husband François-Henri Pinault at Beatriz At Dinner screening in London Bristol Palin proudly shares a photo of newborn baby girl Atlee Bay showing off her 'first real smile' while being held by doting grandfather Todd Thrill ride! Moustachioed Johnny Depp appears alongside Daisy Ridley in suspense packed trailer for Murder On The Orient Express Johnny Depp 'had no idea his managers used his assets to take out $40m in loans to cover up mishandling money' Explosive allegations about star's finances Prince Harry's former flame Chelsy Davy says launching a jewelry line brought out her 'inner geek' as she models her own designs in a stunning photoshoot  'Kiss for Daddy': David Beckham enjoys quality time with children Harper and Brooklyn on African holiday His wife Victoria sadly missed out on the fun Making a splash! Kelly Ripa dons paper crown and patterned midi as she and Ryan Seacrest spray hoses in Live gag Spotted outside ABC studio in NYC Chris Cornell's widow says they are waiting for toxicology results to clear up questions about his suicide and believes prescription drugs made him want to self-harm  'First time and the last time we were together': Chris Cornell's brother Peter breaks his silence on the rocker's death by posting touching tribute Went on Facebook  'I am not going to be body shamed for being pale or not stick thin!': Ireland Baldwin fires back at haters after sharing lingerie photos Upset by comments  Kylie Jenner superfan, 19, gets his EIGHTH tattoo inspired by the star, and reveals his Kylie-covered bedroom in a documentary about his obsession On the mend? Gwyneth Paltrow tries to get back in her stride despite her injured foot still requiring a medical boot  Did her best not to limp as she did errands  'I asked her some dumb questions': Elisabeth Moss reveals she exhausted author of The Handmaid's Tale for information about her role on shocking drama Who needs down time? Athletic newlyweds Pippa and James squeeze in a jog around Sydney Opera House on their action-packed honeymoon  Come and get it while it's hot! Ali Larter shines as she feasts on fancy fried chicken at Beverly Hills restaurant The 41-year-old could not hide her happiness  Obamas buy 8,200-square-foot mansion they were renting in exclusive Kalorama neighborhood of Washington, DC, for $8.1million Fab in florals! Isla Fisher is radiant in springtime ensemble as she joins Denis Leary and John Hodgman on a panel at BookExpo 2017 in New York Sorry for flooding your feed! Justin Bieber posts 24 photos on Instagram within an hour... including THAT photo of him fighting man twice his size Ahoy, matey! Supermodel Karlie Kloss shoots a cover girl look while walking in NYC with snazzy sailor-inspired slacks Flashing her smile  'I can't censor myself': Photographer Tyler Shields stands by severed head picture despite Kathy Griffin losing CNN job and says he would do it again Pretty in prints! Vanessa Hudgens is a happy shopper in cute maxi dress alongside boyfriend of six years Austin Butler Spotted at Whole Foods  'Dungeon and torture chamber': Bethenny Frankel bursts into tears twice on RHONY under stress from ex Lost it twice during Wednesday's episode Nicole Kidman, 49, says she's 'thrilled' to be playing the MOTHER of Jason Momoa, 37, in Aquaman even though she's only 12 years older than him Annabelle Wallis is the picture of class in billowing floral maxi dress as she promotes The Mummy with co-star Sofia Boutella at the AOL Build Series Fun in the sun! FEMAIL reveals how to accessorize your swimsuit like Kourtney Kardashian, Kendall Jenner and Alessandra Ambrosio Heavenly! Victoria's Secret model Romee Strijd gives a peek at toned stomach in tie-up shirt over crop top on New York stroll with beau All of me! Naked Chrissy Teigen guards her modesty as she shows off her fresh spray tan on Snapchat She stripped off on social media Sweet charity! Jerry and Jessica Seinfeld take the kids to a philanthropic party in New York's Central Park Stepped out for a good cause on Wednesday Marcus Welby, MD nurse Elena Verdugo dies at age 92 after a long Hollywood career that included starring in House Of Frankenstein Starred in show 7 years Children who survived the Manchester terror attack will sing alongside Ariana Grande at star-studded benefit concert on Sunday Salma Hayek shows off her toned arms in a dark midi dress with unusual cut-out shoulder panels at the Sundance Film Festival: London     DON'T MISS Rihanna flashes sideboob in a revealing white dress... after she was fat-shamed by sports writer who said she looked like she was 'in a sumo suit' Grateful Dead legend Jerry Garcia's guitar raises more than $3MILLION in auction to support Southern Poverty Law Center Stunning sale  Feminist writer attacks the Beatles' classic album Sgt Pepper for 'taking pop music away from girls and making it the music of men' Fab Four under fire Revealed: Amazing six-page letter from Beatle George Harrison to  photographer friend saying how he feared he'd end up 'poor and hungry' Revenge is a dish best served in lingerie! Ashley Graham flaunts her figure for racy selfie... after revealing she was bullied and body shamed in school 'What's the difference between the NAACP and the KKK?' Lee Garrett's racist tweets exposed... as he competes for the hand of the first black Bachelorette Lara Trump goes after Kathy Griffin for severed head image while also calling out photographer Tyler Shields and the comedian's publicists for allowing shoot Margot Robbie shows off her gorgeous gams in tight-fitting leather pants as she jets out of London... after putting on leggy display in pinafore dress 'It's hard when you miss big milestones': Tennis star Andy Murray reveals it was 'tough' being away when baby took first steps... as wife Kim cheers him in Paris Priyanka Chopra posts SELFIES from Berlin's Holocaust memorial before deleting them  She was in Germany  promoting her new film, Baywatch, 'It's the best surprise you can have!': Pregnant Serena Williams insists she does NOT know sex of baby... after sister Venus referred to tot as 'she' Alan Thicke was warned about potential heart condition during appearance on Hollywood Medium... three MONTHS before dying of ruptured aorta Hats off to her! Jessica Chastain handles her extensive amount of luggage as she arrives in Milan in summery skirt and trendy fedora Fans go WILD as pregnant Beyonce is announced as headliner at Coachella 2018... after withdrawing from this year's festival amid baby news Spoiler, Mr President! Taylor Schilling and Laverne Cox recall meeting Barack and Michelle Obama... who were terrified they would let slip OITNB plot Kimo-no signs of stopping! Britney Spears cuts a jaded figure as she lands in Japan in a traditional beaded jacket... ahead of her first tour show Charlotte McKinney rocks a military jacket and knee-high boots at the launch of a Jay Z-inspired capsule collection at the Revolve store in LA Donald Trump, Jr. lashes out at Jeopardy! champ Ken Jennings for targeting Barron Trump after 'severed head' photo and calls for kids' author to be fired  Lunch to go! Lisa Rinna steps out makeup-free in gray sweater and Gucci fur-trimmed slippersas she picks up food from Hollywood eatery 'Together again!'  Bionic Woman Lindsay Wagner and Six Million Dollar Man Lee Majors reunite on set of family-friendly movie Photographed together What a handful! Travis Scott gets a firm grip on Kylie Jenner's ample derriere during PDA-heavy outing in Los Angeles Up close and personal She's at it again! Overly affectionate Nicole Kidman hugs her bodyguard after packing on the PDA with husband Keith Urban at Cannes Film Festival 'I can't imagine what it feels like': John Legend 'can't bear the thought of having to bury a child' following Manchester attack... and 'feels Ariana Grande's pain' Specs appeal! Sarah Hyland visits optometrist... a week after addressing her dramatic weight loss on Twitter She bit back at critics Smitten Richard Gere, 67, can't keep his hands off glamorous girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 34, at the premiere of his new film Norman in Madrid Packing on the PDA 'We were on fire': Rita Ora poses in sizzling fishnet bodysuit for sultry shoot as she teases her 'ambiguous' relationship with 'wifey' Cara Delevingne Ronnie Wood celebrates his 70th birthday with wife Sally, 39, and his twin daughters... as he reveals neck scar after having keyhole surgery  Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her taut midriff as she takes daughter Penelope to paint class... while ex Scott Disick is spotted with EIGHTH woman No Katie tonight? Jamie Foxx takes his '$2 million' customized Bugatti Veyron for spin... as relationship with Ms. Holmes 'goes from strength to strength' Smooth sailing! Lindsey Vonn sizzles in red bikini as she enjoys yacht time with beau Kenan Smith in Monaco Donned a sporty bikini aboard the luxury boat Birth, love and cheating: Shahs Of Sunset returns for drama-filled sixth season on Bravo The cast are facing changes in their lives 'We're old school': Braless Nicole shows off her legs for InStyle shoot... as she says she and husband Keith Urban never text one another Hedging your bets? The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell has yet to return her fiance Ben Higgins' ring after calling off engagement  Still keeping hold of it Giving love another chance! Amanda Stanton will return to Bachelor in Paradise following split from fiance Josh Murray Single again Famed talk show host Dick Cavett is selling his longtime 19-acre oceanfront Montauk home for a whopping $62million Pricey property The Moore the merrier! Mandy shows off assets in clinging white top as she mingles with fans at TV show taping Chatted with adoring supporters Phwoar-saw! Joanna Krupa flashes serious underboob as she attends fashion show in native Poland She is one of Poland's most famous exports 'She didn't want any spoilers': Justin Theroux says wife Jennifer Aniston won't 'run lines with me' for The Leftovers because she's a fan Eva Longoria cuts a stylish figure in pin-hugging denims as she films Overboard remake alongside Anna Faris in Canada Ex-Desperate Housewife Denim days! Allison Williams looks chic in a jean skirt as she leaves her hotel in New York Spotted making her way out onto the street before hailing a taxi Iron hug! Arnold Schwarzenegger gives his handsome son Patrick an affectionate squeeze in Beverly Hills After grabbing lunch with a pal in Beverly Hills 'Some of my fave people!' Kim Kardashian shares heartwarming photo of baby Saint and grandma Mary Jo on Instagram Family day out It's official! CBS announces that Scott Pelley is moving to 60 Minutes and Anthony Mason will be temporary anchor of evening news Taking on new roles The breast of friends! Kendall Jenner teases her taut stomach in sizzling crop top as she films Cara Delevingne jumping on inflatable boobs at Museum of Sex FIRST LOOK: Jessica Biel is covered in blood after 'an inexplicable fit of rage' while at the beach with her family in stills from upcoming series The Sinner Smitten Sophie Turner greets boyfriend Joe Jonas with a hug as they reunite in London ... as she prepares for imminent return of Game Of Thrones Sushi date! Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid enjoy a relaxed dinner together at their favorite restaurant Nobu in NYC Stunning stars were seen grabbing dinner Shocking video of Tiger Woods during his DUI arrest shows the golfer swaying, rolling his eyes and slurring his words as police give him field sobriety tests  No more beef! Bella Thorne grabs a greasy bite from Chick-fil-A...after shrugging off humiliating trip with sex addict Scott Disick Food to go Paris Hilton sizzles in skin-tight bandage dress as she gazes lovingly at boyfriend Chris Zylka during Hollywood date night  Pair seem smitten No smoke screen: Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart enjoys a cigarette outside a West Hollywood salon Still had a plastic cap on her head Zayn Malik cuts a casual figure in a novelty t-shirt and ripped denims as he heads to a New York recording studio  Singer looked ultra-cool  Taylor Swift scores early legal victory over DJ she claims grabbed her rear... but must face jury trial over allegation she had him fired He denies groping her Jenna Dewan celebrates hit ratings for World of Dance premiere over breakfast with hunky husband Channing Tatum New NBC series 'I am just as appalled and angry as everyone else': Chloe Moretz apologizes for body shaming ad for her new animated film She was criticized Tough session! Shirtless Justin Bieber steps out of boxing gym... and into the dentist after chipping a tooth Gym mishap Gal Gadot rocks black and white patterned mini dress at fan screening for Wonder Woman in New York Two days before the film's opening. New direction? Kesha steps out for lunch as it's revealed Eagles Of Death Metal cut two tracks with her for her third album Opted for a casual look Today's headlines Most Read Shocking moment a thief makes off with a wedding ring and backpack belonging to the Army vet who was stabbed... New video captures the moment Tiger Woods struggles to blow into a breathalyzer test in jail as the barefoot... Kathy Griffin claims she is a victim of 'bullying' at  the hands of the Trump family as she prepares to hold... Off-duty police officer working for Jimmy Kimmel Live! shoots a Pit Bull Terrier in packed Hollywood ice... Chilling new CCTV images show Manchester bomber prowling the city as he plotted the suicide attack that... At least one person is killed after a Cessna 180 plane crashes into hills north of Ventura County and... 'I represent the people of Pittsburgh NOT Paris': Trump pulls U.S. out of climate accord saying it is a... Split in Trump cabinet is laid bare as Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross says Secretary of State Rex Tillerson... Jared WAS in the White House when Trump announced the climate treaty exit he and Ivanka opposed - meeting an... 'It's now up to cities to lead': Pittsburgh mayor trolls Trump after president mentions city to justify... Trump phoned Europe's top leaders to tell them he was pulling out of Paris - but France's Macron responded... Fox news host Kimberly Guilfoyle - once tipped to be taking Spicer's job - reveals Trump called her for her... 'And more proof': The Weather Channel trolls President Trump by devoting its homepage to bashing his... New York lights up One World Trade Center, Kosciuszko Bridge, and City Hall in green to protest Trump's... Trump is 'rejecting the future' by pulling out of Paris accord says Obama: Ex-president voices fury at move... Disney CEO Robert Iger joins Elon Musk in resigning from the President's Council over his withdrawal from... Vladimir Putin tells Oliver Stone how he has escaped five assassination attempts as he admits that while... Kevin Durant dunks his way to 38 points and Steph Curry drains six three-pointers as Warriors dominate... Police officer who 'broke all the bones in soroity girls' face' when he slammed her to the ground during... Vlad to see you: Megyn Kelly dons off-the-shoulder velvet dress with a slit and massive platform shoes to... Dakota Access oil pipeline begins service as Native American tribes vow to continue fighting against $3.8... Man wanted for 'inappropriately touching underage girl repeatedly at Arlington National Cemetery on Memorial... The husband hunters: A new book reveals the extraordinary lengths American heiresses went to snap up... 'It was a real mystery': Rebel Wilson's U.S. agent was baffled by lull in Hollywood star's career and... Mother 'throws two-year-old son down a flight of subway stairs in the Bronx while he is strapped into his... Police investigate death of actress and former Texas beauty queen, 31, found dead in her home Movie based on Bill O'Reilly's bestselling book 'Killing Patton' has been scrapped by Fox's National... The mystery of the 'teen witch' with bone cancer buried face down in a Panama trash heap in 1300 AD Inside a heroin mill: Police seize $2million of in neatly packaged and branded 'bricks' of the drug and... MORE HEADLINES 'You can take it to the bank he's going to withdraw': Climate insider says Trump WILL pull out of Paris within hours (but others aren't so sure) 'I represent the people of Pittsburgh NOT Paris': Trump pulls U.S. out of climate accord saying it is a foreign attempt to seize American jobs and American wealth - and is immediately attacked by Obama Running tracks, 'pause areas' and a rooftop 'meadow': Google unveils massive plans for its VERY trendy new £1billion London HQ that is longer than the Shard is high  Graphic video captures the moment two bounty hunters and a fugitive shot each other dead in hail of bullets in front of shocked customers at a car dealership Megyn Kelly makes NBC debut: New host appears on 'Today' from Russia and confirms she will be interviewing Vladimir Putin - but does not acknowledge co-host Hoda Kotb Vlad to see you: Megyn Kelly dons off-the-shoulder velvet dress with a slit and massive platform shoes to chat with a transfixed President Putin in Russia At least 37 killed in Manila casino horror as they survive robber's gun rampage but die of smoke inhalation when he sets himself on fire Jared WAS in the White House when Trump announced the climate treaty exit he and Ivanka opposed - meeting an 'out of towner' while his father-in-law got standing ovation from the rest of his aides Plumes of smoke are seen towering above the Vatican after a fire at a car wrecking yard nearby We let our mother down... we couldn't protect her, say William and Harry: Princes make emotional admission in interview about Diana's death Trump’s armada finally arrives! Two giant US aircraft carriers in show of force off the coast of North Korea after President warned Kim Jong-un a month ago that warships were heading for the region - when one was actually in the Indian Ocean Celebrity nightmare: 15,000 medical records stolen from Beverly Hills plastic surgery clinic by a disgruntled ex-employee who also secretly took photos of patients during procedures and posted them to social media 'He is a soldier and deserves to be treated with respect': Couple are scolded after 'throwing a glove at a Queen's Guard to make him retrieve it' Cop, 47, is found dead in her bathtub from suspected overdose just after FBI re-opened probe into her police officer husband's mysterious suicide two years ago Family of missing mother who disappeared at sea on her Bahamas honeymoon raise doubts about her British husband's explanation as they reveal he left the country saying: 'You'll never see our daughter again' EXCLUSIVE: Tiger Woods' ex-wife Elin Nordegren was pulled over by Florida police for speeding - only 11 miles from where the golfer was arrested for DUI Trump is 'rejecting the future' by pulling out of Paris accord says Obama: Ex-president voices fury at move by successor  Kathy Griffin loses MORE gigs after the Trump 'severed head' picture: Five venues have canceled shows and CNN fired her from its New Year's Eve coverage in the wake of the shocking photo shoot Former Democratic official says Hillary's complaint about party's role in election loss is 'f***ing bulls**t'  Feminist group strips naked and forms a pile of bodies outside Argentine president's palace to protest violence against women Mother, 22, was left with two black eyes and a swollen face after 'her boyfriend beat and strangled her in front of her four-year-old son' Manchester bomber’s youngest victim Saffie Roussos' mother wakes up to be told of her eight-year-old daughter's death 'F*** you England!’: Mother, 22, 'gets death threats' after posting Facebook rant about Manchester attack's homeless heroes after waiting a year for social housing  Man who tied a noose around his wife's neck and dragged her through the streets tied to the back of their car as their two-year-old son watched is jailed for 14 years Revealed: Extraordinary letter from Beatle George Harrison begging photographer friend to let him use her work because he feared being 'poor and hungry' 'Freaked out' family who believe they are sharing their home with a ghost boy claim they have finally caught him on camera at their daughter's 10th birthday party  Model hired as a human sushi platter slaps male customer who 'groped her' (but the man protests the pair were paid to act the scene) EXCLUSIVE: Walmart insurer demands Tracy Morgan turn over medical records and income statements and testify over car crash settlement in which the comedian received '$90 million' WITHOUT ever being deposed MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
CHEK News, Weather, Sports, and TV. Victoria 14°C   Home News Local News Newscasts Live & Recent Newscasts CHEK Point Vital People This Week In History Your Country, Your Story News Personalities News Links Contact News Weather Sports Local Sports Game On! WHL Hockey Highlights Auto Sports LPGA Golf Videos Links Programs TV Schedule Live & Recent Newscasts Supernatural 60 Minutes 48 Hours Bones Wheel of Fortune Jeopardy Everybody Loves Raymond King of Queens Judge Judy Hot Bench Trend Cookin’ on the Coast The Wealthy Life CHEK Around Out There Da Vinci’s Inquest Game On! Flavours of the West Coast Community Sponsorship Vital People TC10K 2017 Island Farms Victoria Day Parade Contests Your Country, Your Story Beautiful Gardens Ticket to Go! About Us Our Story Press Releases Career Opportunities Personalities Mobile Marketing Advertise Video Production Corporate Video Commercials / Video production Events Contact Menu Home News Local News Newscasts Live & Recent Newscasts CHEK Point Vital People This Week In History Your Country, Your Story News Personalities News Links Contact News Weather Sports Local Sports Game On! WHL Hockey Highlights Auto Sports LPGA Golf Videos Links Programs TV Schedule Live & Recent Newscasts Supernatural 60 Minutes 48 Hours Bones Wheel of Fortune Jeopardy Everybody Loves Raymond King of Queens Judge Judy Hot Bench Trend Cookin’ on the Coast The Wealthy Life CHEK Around Out There Da Vinci’s Inquest Game On! Flavours of the West Coast Community Sponsorship Vital People TC10K 2017 Island Farms Victoria Day Parade Contests Your Country, Your Story Beautiful Gardens Ticket to Go! About Us Our Story Press Releases Career Opportunities Personalities Mobile Marketing Advertise Video Production Corporate Video Commercials / Video production Events Contact The Thursday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories Posted By: The Canadian Presson: June 01, 2017In: National News Highlights from the news file for Thursday, June 1   U.S. WITHDRAWS FROM PARIS CLIMATE ACCORD: President Donald Trump has announced that the U.S. will withdraw from the Paris climate agreement, but will begin negotiations to "re-enter either the Paris accord or an entirely new transaction." Trump said during a White House Rose Garden announcement that the U.S. will exit the landmark climate agreement aimed at reducing carbon emissions to slow climate change. Trump says the deal "disadvantages" the U.S. and is causing job losses and lower wages. ——— CANADA ANNOUNCES COMPENSATION FOR SOFTWOOD PRODUCERS:  Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr and other members of cabinet have unveiled an $867-million package of supports to help lumber producers and employees weather the impact of new U.S. tariffs on Canadian softwood. The package announced Thursday includes loans and loan guarantees to help ease the burden for forestry companies and to help them explore new markets and innovations. In April, the Trump administration slapped countervailing import duties as high as 24 per cent on softwood, arguing Canada unfairly subsidizes its industry.   ——— FORMER ONTARIO NURSE PLEADS GUILTY TO MURDER: The former Ontario nurse charged in the slayings of eight seniors has pleaded guilty to eight counts of first-degree murder. Elizabeth Wettlaufer appeared in a Woodstock, Ont., court Thursday. Police have said the killeds took place over the last decade in three long-term care facilities where Wettlaufer worked as a registered nurse, and at a private home. Wettlaufer also pleaded guilty to four counts of attempted murder. ——— FORMER ENGINEER ACQUITTED OF CHARGES IN MALL COLLAPSE: A northern Ontario court has acquitted a former engineer of criminal negligence charges in the collapse of an Elliot Lake shopping mall. Robert Wood had declared the Algo Centre Mall structurally sound just weeks before the collapse in 2012. Two women were killed when part of the roof-top parking deck at the mall caved in. ——— COUILLARD SAYS TIME TO REOPEN CONSTITUTION: Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard says Canada's 150th birthday is the right time to reopen constitutional discussions. Couillard told The Canadian Press that while the issue took a backseat to the economy and health care for the first half of his mandate, he would have been disappointed had his first term finished without tackling the subject of Quebec-Canada relations. There is no timeline for opening constitutional negotiations, but Couillard is hopeful the vast coast-to-coast discussion he is launching will eventually lead there. ——— FIGHTER JET TALKS IN LIMBO: The federal government says it's not talking to other companies about replacement fighter jets in spite of its trade dispute with Boeing. The parliamentary secretary for Procurement Minister Judy Foote says the government has suspended talks with Boeing about plans to purchase Super Hornet fighter jets. But Steve MacKinnon says the government is not talking to other companies about supplying fighters. The government says it is disappointed that Boeing has petitioned the U.S. government to investigate subsidies for Bombardier's CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the Canadian company to export planes at well below cost. ——— TAKEOVER SPECULATION FUELS BLACKBERRY STOCKS: BlackBerry Ltd. shares were on the rise Thursday after a research report identified the Canadian company as a likely target for an acquisition. The shares rose nearly 11 per cent on the Toronto Stock Exchange at one point in the wake of the report by Citron Research. It is predicting the company's shares are likely to reach US$20 on the Nasdaq within 24 months and is a likely buyout target at a sizable premium. ——— HOUSING STRATEGY TO CLOSE EQUALITY GAP: The head of the federal agency crafting a national housing strategy says he'll try to close the equality gap between the haves and have-nots. Evan Siddall of the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. says inequality threatens the very fabric of western society. The comments are a change of tone from Siddall, who months ago tried to temper high expectations that the strategy would meet hopes that a national plan would move people out of shelters and into homes and deal with concerns about affordability in the country’s biggest cities. ——— FORMER SECURITY OFFICIAL CALLS FOR BEEFED UP CYBER DEFENCE: The former head of the American National Security Agency says the U.S. and and Canada need a new cyberdefence program to prevent hackers from economic attacks. Retired Gen. Keith Alexander tells The Canadian Press that the potential benefits from the Liberal government's core economic plan to encourage investment and innovation are at risk of being stolen and undermined by hackers. He says with Canada staking its economic future on technological innovation, it mustn't allow the products and advancements that might come from that to simply be stolen. ——— PHILIPPINES HOTEL COMPLEX ATTACKED: An attack on a hotel and casino complex near Manila's airport sent hundreds fleeing early Friday morning. Gunshots rang out as police rushed to the Resorts World Manila complex. The Islamic State group took responsibility for the attack, but a police official says there is no evidence the casino attack is terrorism and no confirmed reports of gunshot wounds. Police believe just one gunman was involved. ——— The Canadian Press Previous No sanctions for 43 of 45 Home Capital brokers and agents, Ontario regulator says Next Saying I do without the debt Related Articles Notley pitches NDP to progressives put off by United Conservative Party June 01, 2017 Woman who died in attempt to cross border was trying to get to daughter June 01, 2017 ‘I think I dated a serial killer’: Saskatchewan woman dated serial senior killer June 01, 2017 CP Regional News NDP Leader John Horgan calls on BC Hydro not to finalize Site C contracts June 01, 2017 Body of 76-year-old B.C. man swept away in mudslide is recovered, police say June 01, 2017 B.C. political leaders welcome feds $876M to help lumber sector weather tariffs June 01, 2017 Vancouver-based yoga wear retailer Lululemon to close 40 Ivivva stores June 01, 2017 Lululemon beats 1Q forecasts, to close most Ivivva stores June 01, 2017 CBC Regional News ‘She’s not liking people’: B.C. conservation officers warn of bear charging people, vehicles in Kitimat June 01, 2017 More flood warnings, evacuation orders for B.C. Interior June 01, 2017 Adaptive bikes help Lower Mainland kids with disabilities learn to cycle June 01, 2017 John Horgan calls on BC Hydro not to finalize Site C contracts June 01, 2017 Meet the 86-year-old race walker with no plans of slowing down June 01, 2017 Balmoral Hotel residents, fearing eviction, occupy Vancouver mayor’s office June 01, 2017 IHealth records system still putting patients at risk at Nanaimo hospital, doctors say June 01, 2017 Ucluelet First Nation adopts living wage policy June 01, 2017 Election BC notes uptick in registered voter turnout June 01, 2017 Vial of ‘potentially hazardous’ cancer medication reported missing in Prince George, B.C. June 01, 2017 Canadian Press Curry, Durant power Warriors past Cavs in Game 1, 113-91 June 01, 2017 Trump asks Supreme Court to reinstate travel ban June 01, 2017 Notley pitches NDP to progressives put off by United Conservative Party June 01, 2017 Woman who died in attempt to cross border was trying to get to daughter June 01, 2017 Coastal disappointment, inland joy at Trump climate move June 01, 2017 CHEK Sports Tyler Dozzi aims to break over 40-year-old provincial track record June 01, 2017 Rebels and Raiders reload for 2017 BCFC season June 01, 2017 The 2017 Bayview Place Cardtronics Open welcomes three locals May 31, 2017 CSS Grads begin next chapter in athletic careers May 31, 2017 Dave Lowry leaves the Victoria Royals for the NHL May 30, 2017 The CHEK Sports plays of the Week-May 29th May 29, 2017 Game On! 05/28/17 May 28, 2017 Canada captures silver at Langford Sevens May 28, 2017 Monster trucks invade Western Speedway May 28, 2017 Duch and Small combine for 16 points in Shamrocks win May 27, 2017 Top Stories Drug danger warning as B.C. overdose deaths spike June 01, 2017 Parents pull kids from class of suspended Victoria teacher May 31, 2017 Program cut could hurt thousands of students in Greater Victoria, say teachers May 31, 2017 Exploring John Horgan and Andrew Weaver’s deep roots on Vancouver Island May 30, 2017 Parents outraged suspended Victoria teacher still in classroom May 30, 2017 NDP government could benefit Vancouver Island, local leaders say May 29, 2017 Father breaks silence about Victoria teacher who had inappropriate relationship with his son May 29, 2017 Deep Bay man chooses Right to Die and will pass on Tuesday May 28, 2017 Body found in Oak Bay May 28, 2017 Gorgeous weather means Victoria tourism back on track May 26, 2017 2015 Copyright CHEK Media About Us Our Story Career Opportunities Press Releases Advertise Contests Ticket to Go! Links Personalities Shows TV Schedule Jeopardy Wheel of Fortune Cookin’ on the Coast Trend Judge Judy Hot Bench CHEK Around The Wealthy Life Video Production Video Production Commercials / Video production Corporate Video Studios, Green Screen Rentals Contact Us Get the App
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 66° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 88F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low 66F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 2, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close In this Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014 photo released by the U.S. Navy, an F/A-18F Super Hornet, attached to the "Fighting Black Lions" of Strike Fighter Squadron (VFA) 213 lands aboard the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush. Boeing builds the Super Hornet in St. Louis County. (AP Photo/U.S. Navy, Brian Stephens) Canada seeks tough line on Boeing Super Hornets but sends mixed message By Leah Schnurr • Reuters 11 hrs ago (…) In this Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014 photo released by the U.S. Navy, an F/A-18F Super Hornet, attached to the "Fighting Black Lions" of Strike Fighter Squadron (VFA) 213 lands aboard the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush. Boeing builds the Super Hornet in St. Louis County. (AP Photo/U.S. Navy, Brian Stephens) Updated at 2:35 p.m. OTTAWA • Canada, embroiled in a dispute with Boeing, tried to lash out at the U.S. aerospace giant for the second day in a row on Thursday but stumbled over whether talks over a proposed jet purchase had been suspended or not. The Liberal government, angry that Boeing has launched a trade challenge against Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc., is threatening to scrap plans to buy 18 made-in-St. Louis F/A-18 Super Hornet fighters. Steven MacKinnon, parliamentary secretary to Public Services and Procurement Minister Judy Foote, told reporters that Boeing “is not acting like a valued partner right now so we’ve suspended discussions with that partner.” Minutes later, Foote spokeswoman Annie Trepanier said that while government ministers were not talking to the company, “there is no formal suspension.” Earlier in the day Boeing scrapped an announcement about the fighter jets, a day after Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan objected to the firm’s behavior in the dispute against Bombardier. The company had been due to announce which Canadian companies would benefit if the purchase went ahead. Boeing has 560 suppliers in Canada. “Due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story,” Boeing spokesman Scott Day said in a statement issued at an Ottawa defense show. While he did not specifically refer to the trade dispute, his comments appeared to be a reference to growing tension between Ottawa and the firm. The Boeing saga has increased tension between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American Free Trade Agreement. Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Last month, Canada said it “strongly disagrees” with the U.S. Commerce Department decision to investigate Boeing’s claims that Bombardier sold planes below cost in the United States and benefited unfairly from Canadian government subsidies. Even lower-level Canadian officials were not visiting the company’s stand at the Ottawa defense show, said one source familiar with the matter who did not want to be identified,given the sensitivity of the situation. Sajjan on Wednesday said the firm would be a trusted military ally in decades to come, but he complained the anti-dumping petition against Bombardier was “not the behavior we expect of a trusted partner.” Canada says it needs the Super Hornets as a stopgap until it can launch an open competition to replace its fleet of aging Boeing CF-18 planes. A Super Hornet deal would generate new in-service support contracts for industry in Canada’s aerospace hub of Quebec, where existing CF-18s are now maintained. In St. Louis, the sale was one of a couple of contracts expected to keep the F/A-18 production line operating into the early 2020s. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. In this Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014 photo released by the U.S. Navy, an F/A-18F Super Hornet, attached to the "Fighting Black Lions" of Strike Fighter Squadron (VFA) 213 lands aboard the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush. Boeing builds the Super Hornet in St. Louis County. (AP Photo/U.S. Navy, Brian Stephens) Tags Firm Commerce Economics Deal Canada View (…) comments Most popular Dogtown apartments, grocery store move ahead Boutique fitness studios breaking a sweat to multiply rapidly Chipotle says hackers stole payment card info in data breach Study says investors could lose big if Trump administration deep-sixes 'fiduciary rule' More than dozen St. Louis area Chipotle restaurants affected by hacking incident Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section New minimum wage study has fodder for both sides of debate South St. Louis auto repair business traces its start to the 1890s Business Bulletin Board Tracy tapped as head of Cuivre River Electric Co-op Business Calendar Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Get your Father something cool! Sign up for the 6th Annual Old Newsboys charity golf tournament today! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Cyber Weapon Market Overview, Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Cyber Weapon Market Research Report 2017 The report focuses on global major leading players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 01, 2017 ) Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD) , market share and growth rate of Cyber Weapon in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast) , covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD) , market share and growth rate of Cyber Weapon in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast) , covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Get free sample copy of report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001811098/sample Global Cyber Weapon market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Boeing Company Lockheed Martin Corporation Cisco Systems McAfee General Dynamics Corporation BAE Systems plc Symantec Corporation Northrop Grumman Corporation Raytheon Company General Dynamics Corporation BAE System plc Avast Software AVG Technologies Get more information about Cyber Weapon Market at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-cyber-weapon-market-research-report-2017 On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Offensive Weapons Defensive Weapons On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales) , market share and growth rate of Cyber Weapon for each application, including National Defense System Air Traffic Control Hospital Automated Transportation System Industrial Control System Communication network Smart power grid Others Get discount on report purchase at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001811098/discount Table of Content 1 Cyber Weapon Market Overview 2 Global Cyber Weapon Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 4 Global Cyber Weapon Supply (Production) , Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 5 Global Cyber Weapon Production, Revenue (Value) , Price Trend by Type 6 Global Cyber Weapon Market Analysis by Application 7 Global Cyber Weapon Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Boeing Company 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Boeing Company Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Lockheed Martin Corporation 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Lockheed Martin Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Cisco Systems 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Cisco Systems Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Cyber Weapon Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Cyber Weapon Market Forecast (2017-2022) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion Purchase complete report at http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001811098/buy/2900 Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +91-20-67278686 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message close breaking news Advertisement Business Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message Boeing Co on Thursday scrapped an announcement about the fighter jets it hopes to sell to Canada, a day after the country's defense minister objected to the firm's behavior in a trade dispute against Canadian planemaker Bombardier Inc Boeing's logo is seen during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo, Japan, October 12, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon 3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery. 01 Jun 2017 11:40PM (Updated: 02 Jun 2017 03:35AM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail OTTAWA: Canada, embroiled in a dispute with Boeing Corp, tried to hit out at the U.S. firm for the second day in a row on Thursday but stumbled over whether talks over a proposed jet purchase had been suspended or not. The Liberal government, angry that Boeing has launched a trade challenge against Canadian planemaker Bombardier Inc, is threatening to scrap plans to buy 18 Boeing Super Hornet fighters. Steven MacKinnon, parliamentary secretary to Public Services and Procurement Minister Judy Foote, told reporters that Boeing "is not acting like a valued partner right now so we've suspended discussions with that partner." Minutes later, Foote spokeswoman Annie Trepanier said that while government ministers were not talking to the company, "there is no formal suspension." Earlier in the day Boeing scrapped an announcement about the jets, a day after Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan objected to the firm's behavior in the dispute against Bombardier. Advertisement Advertisement The company had been due to announce which Canadian companies would benefit if the purchase went ahead. Boeing has 560 suppliers in Canada. "Due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story," Boeing spokesman Scott Day said in a statement issued at an Ottawa defense show. While he did not specifically refer to the trade dispute, his comments appeared to be a reference to growing tensions between Ottawa and the firm. The Boeing saga has increased tensions between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American Free Trade Agreement. Last month, Canada said it "strongly disagrees" with the U.S. Commerce Department decision to investigate Boeing's claims that Bombardier sold planes below cost in the United States and benefited unfairly from Canadian government subsidies. Even lower-level Canadian officials were not visiting the company's stand at the Ottawa defense show, said one source familiar with the matter who did not want to be identified given the sensitivity of the situation. Sajjan on Wednesday said the firm would be a trusted military ally in decades to come, but he complained the anti-dumping petition against Bombardier was "not the behavior we expect of a trusted partner". Canada says it needs the Super Hornets as a stopgap until it can launch an open competition to replace its fleet of aging Boeing CF-18 planes. A Super Hornet deal would generate new in-service support contracts for industry in Canada's aerospace hub of Quebec, where existing CF-18s are now maintained. (Additional reporting by David Ljunggren in Ottawa; Editing by W Simon and Andrew Hay) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing scraps Canada jet announcement after defense minister blast By Reuters Published: 11:34 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 11:34 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail By David Ljunggren OTTAWA, June 1 (Reuters) - Boeing Co on Thursday scrapped an announcement about the fighter jets it hopes to sell to Canada, a day after the country's defense minister objected to the firm's behavior in a trade dispute against Canadian planemaker Bombardier Inc "Due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story," Boeing spokesman Scott Day said in a statement issued at an Ottawa defense show. While he did not specifically refer to the trade dispute, his comments appeared to be a reference to growing tensions between Ottawa and the U.S airplane manufacturer. Last month, Canada said it "strongly disagrees" with the U.S. Commerce Department decision to investigate Boeing's claims that Bombardier sold planes below cost in the United States and benefited unfairly from Canadian government subsidies. As a result, government ministers have cut off contacts with Boeing. The company had been due to announce at the show on Thursday which Canadian companies would benefit if the purchase went ahead. Boeing has 560 suppliers in Canada. Even lower-level Canadian officials were not visiting the company's stand at the defense industry exhibition, said one source familiar with the matter who didn't want to be identified given the sensitivity of the situation. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan on Wednesday said the firm would be a trusted military ally in decades to come, but he complained the anti-dumping petition against Bombardier was "not the behavior we expect of a trusted partner". Canada says it needs the 18 Super Hornet jets as a stopgap until it can launch an open competition to replace its fleet of 77 aging Boeing CF-18 planes. A Super Hornet deal with Boeing would generate new in-service support contracts for industry in Canada's aerospace hub of Quebec, where existing CF-18s are now maintained. Montreal-based simulator manufacturer CAE Inc works with L-3 MAS, a Quebec-based division of L3 Technologies Inc , to provide in-service support for the CF-18s. Boeing has already said it would collaborate with L-3 MAS on production and support of the Super Hornets if Canada purchases the fighter jets. (Additional reporting by Allison Lampert in Montreal; Editing by W Simon) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Look at what Amanda ISN'T wearing!' Braless Holden causes a stir in a VERY low cut gown on BGT... as viewers blast star for 'dressing like a stripper' on family show 'He's a lucky guy!' Lucy Mecklenburgh poses NAKED in Panama hotel... as eagle-eyed fans notice she's staying in same room as Ryan Thomas No one's looking at your mouth! Kylie Jenner poses in black bra and undies while sprawled out on a white bed to promote new Lip Kit What happened to her face? Khloe Kardashian shows off much bigger nose as she poses without the contouring makeup she relies on Make-up free  Has Coronation Street gone too far? Fans left 'physically sick' by Bethany Platt's gang rape scene as they report grooming storyline to Ofcom 14 reasons a staycation is better than going abroad SPONSORED  Ashley Graham exposes ample cleavage and a flash of her waist while grabbing lunch in olive green off-the-shoulder ensemble in Los Angeles FIRST LOOK: Is this where the magic will happen? Love Island villa is revealed as new line-up hope to find romance... after THAT 2016 bedroom romp . 'I'm really p***ed off!' BGT fans are left outraged as Welsh choir change the lyrics of Jerusalem to sing 'Britain' instead of 'England' Back in her skinny jeans! Make-up free Irina Shayk shows off her slim figure as she steps out with baby Lea after jetting back from Cannes MerseyGirls make the BGT finals after teen with scoliosis left Alesha Dixon in tears with routine... as it's revealed she needs £78,000 to fix her spine  Heidi Klum, 43, hits the beach with shirtless beau Vito Schnabel, 30, in Mykonos... after revealing she has 'no problem with nudity' Beach break 'She started three families with three different people and f*****everyone over!' Kim Kardashian slams Caitlyn Jenner's book for 'scapegoating' Kris She's got some front! Mariah Carey flashes cleavage as she dons thigh-skimming bodycon dress and black crop top for meeting in Beverly Hills 'Never even heard of her': Rob Kardashian denies dating reality star Mehgan James following Blac Chyna split 'Follow Gregg cuz he doesn't post': Bella Thorne urges fans to check out her rekindled boyfriend Sulkin on Snapchat Well she is Beyonce's mum! Tina Knowles, 63, shows off her fit figure in skintight Ivy Park workout gear Showed off her amazing figure Pregnant Cara De La Hoyde cradles her blossoming baby bump at fashion party... after revealing she's been body shamed for being 'too small' 'Love has no barriers': Celine Dion leads celebrities including Britney Spears and Selena Gomez in penning Pride letters Not impressed? Hailey Baldwin looks underwhelmed as she leaves posh Beverly Hills hotel in casual biker jacket Looking chic in blue PICTURED: Blushing bride Emmy Rossum stuns in custom Carolina Herrera gown as she marries Sam Esmail in New York Wedding bells Grace yourself! Big Brother's VERY busty Lateysha steals the spotlight as she flaunts her ample curves in semi-sheer gold jumpsuit for launch Star walks! Slim Natalie Portman looks full of spring cheer as she goes for a stroll with baby daughter in LA Flashed a huge smile as she enjoyed the sun PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taste of the high life! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn are seen together for first time as she treats little known actor beau to private jet ride  Renee Zellweger wows in cleavage-baring little black dress as she's honored at Greenwich International Film Festival gala Belle of the ball 'It's actually pretty scary': Danay Garcia discusses fate of her character Luciana on Fear The Walking Dead Survived the season two finale Pierce Brosnan and wife of 16 years Keely Shaye Smith look tanned and relaxed as they jet out of LAX after romantic holiday in Hawaii Robbie Williams is 'in talks to join Take That for a very special reunion' at Ariana Grande's star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit concert 'It's a joint celebration': Proud dad Ronnie Wood marks his 70th birthday in style as he poses with his two biggest fans Twin girls marked their first birthday Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez steps out in figure-hugging grey dress in Corsica... after his mother rubbishes pregnancy rumours Hold my hand mommy! Kourtney Kardashian steps out with Penelope for a day of shopping in Beverly Hills  Mother-of-three  Kesha shows her country side in a denim shirt and red bandana as she jets out of LAX with boyfriend Brad Looked besotted with her beau of three years Diva moment! Bethenny Frankel gestures wildly in frustration on set of her new reality show in NYC She's known for her emotional outbursts Top of the crops! Iggy Azalea flashes her tiny midriff in unusual cropped tracksuit as she signs autographs and poses with fans at LAX airport Khloe Kardashian puts her derriere on full display in skintight blue denim as she runs errands in Beverly Hills Made In Chelsea beauty Stephanie Pratt shows off her leggy figure in sequinned gold top and tiny cowboy-inspired shorts for beauty event EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Game, set, match! Tennis ace Caroline Wozniacki enjoys a romantic day off from French Open with beau David Lee  Captain Ross, who? Demelza's dishy brother sets pulses racing as he goes shirtless in steamy trailer for Poldark after Aidan Turner admitted he won't be stripping off Hilary Swank cosies up to boyfriend Philip Schneider as she joins Robert Downey Jr and wife at Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail's star-studded wedding  Rebel Wilson's U.S. agent was baffled by lull in Hollywood star's career and expected her to get multimillion dollar offers after success of Pitch Perfect movie 'I didn't drink for three years': Phil Collins has started enjoying 'a couple of glasses of wine again'... despite admitting alcohol almost killed him 'I have no idea when it's coming out': Iggy Azalea slams record label for delaying album release date in now-deleted Snapchat rant Penelope gives us the plain truth: Actress says she not that glamorous as she talks about Murder On The Orient Express  Mysterious missionary Mellow yellow! Anne Hathaway looks slim in a vibrant top while out in New York City Taking to the streets of SoHo The Wright strut! TOWIE's Jess and Mark Wright's sister Natalya, 16, is snapped up by top modelling agency as she eyes up a career on the catwalk From Paris with love! Sofia Richie and bestie Chloe Bartoli lunch in New York after their saucy trip to Cannes with Scott Disick Out and about Cheery Chelsy Davy parties up a storm in London... weeks after ex Prince Harry attends Pippa Middleton's wedding with girlfriend Meghan Markle They're a perfect match! Genetically-blessed Margot Robbie and husband Tom Ackerley don cute co-ordinating pineapple outfits Who's your papa? Fabio to star as the Pope in Sharknado 5 as list of celebrity cameos are revealed Interesting casting 'This is your chance': Sarah Silverman reveals reaching out to Ivanka Trump via Twitter on Chelsea talk show 46-year-old comedian  'What would you do?' Khloe Kardashian cryptically asks followers for advice about an unnamed 'friend' who is 'stealing' from the reality starlet Keeping it casual: Modern Family star Ariel Winter, 19, dons baggy gray sweatpants and dark t-shirt for stroll with beau Levi Meaden, 29 Casual Strictly's Danny goes to town in Regent's Park: QUENTIN LETTS watches Bernstein with balletic gusto in On The Town  Who needs down time? Athletic newlyweds Pippa and James squeeze in a jog around Sydney Opera House as their action-packed honeymoon continues  Why Elaine is turning a new Paige: First lady of musicals explains why she's hanging up her dancing shoes... but isn't retiring  The Doll's House door swings open again for Nora: Show's star Laurie Metcalf tells how she relished reinventing one of theatre's most famous characters  Scarlet fever! Gigi Hadid rocks red dipped hair in powerful new Versace ad campaign Multi-coloured locks Checkmate! Rachel Weisz shows off her fashion prowess as she steps out in summery gingham shirt dress in New York Glam in gingham 'Kiss for Daddy': David Beckham enjoys some quality time with children Harper and Brooklyn on African holiday Family fun  Shorely he's kicking himself! Emma McVey flaunts her toned abs and peachy posterior in TINY pink bikini as she shows ex Gaz Beadle what he's missing We let our mother down... we couldn't protect her, say William and Harry: Princes make emotional admission in interview about Diana's death 'Brand new experience': will.i.am reveals Fergie is leaving The Black Eyed Peas and that Nicole Scherzinger is on the band's new venture 'You'll never EVER break the Westbrook': Defiant Danniella admits that despite 'car crash life' and being 'raped and cheated on' she will have a better future Tat's the spirit! Malin Ackerman reveals her stylish back tattoo while lunching in flirty halter top and high-waisted jeans Inked up Melissa McCarthy dons chic checkered shawl as she enjoys Disneyland outing with her husband and daughters Check her out Her own best advert! Kendall Jenner puts on leggy display in off-the-shoulder romper over bodysuit from her clothing range while out in LA Charmed by a boy called Courgette: New French flick My Life As A Courgette is a touching but troubling animation BRIAN VINER Dev Patel's girlfriend actress Tilda Cobham-Hervey attends glamorous Australians In Film dinner in LA as she compets cholarship Wham bam, thank you ma'am! Wonder Woman packs a punch - and a punchline - in her long-awaited, big-screen debut New adaptation EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Let's hope morose-looking Dragons' Den star Duncan Bannatyne, 68, is destined for happiness as he prepares for wedding Selena Gomez is 'head-over-heels in love' with beau The Weeknd and this relationship is 'very different' from the one she had with Justin Bieber Former TOWIE star Jasmin Walia looks every inch the sex-kitten in plunging PVC mini-dress and perspex heels as she continues wild Ibiza getaway Was BGT illusionist Josephine Lee assisted by a TWIN? David Walliams' 'sisters are doing it for themselves' remark sparks a conspiracy theory  'No one else should decide when you've had enough pain': Cally Jane Beech claims 'prisoners have more rights' than women... after having to demand epidural Penny Lancaster, 46, shows off her model figure in a plunging bikini and kaftan while hand in hand with husband Rod Stewart, 72, and son Aiden in St Tropez Peek-a-boo! Vanessa Hudgens appears shy as she dons demure athletic attire on outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Making sweet music together: Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton head to a recording studio together in LA Working on something new? Calling on Saul? Tough guy fixer Mike seems ready to work for Gus in new Better Call Saul trailer... as sleazy lawyer's money woes worsen Caitlyn Jenner keeps it comfortable in blue long-sleeved top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Malibu... amid family feud over her tell-all memoir Twice as nice! Cat Deeley stuns in a ladylike white frock for interview... before emerging in grey slip and suede jacket Elegant SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Fish out of water! Rod's quirky girls  Sir Rod's Stewart's model daughters Sun's out, guns out! Wonder Woman star Chris Pine flaunts his buff biceps in Miami Vice tank top as he grabs an iced coffee in NYC 100% Cotton? Fearne makes embarrassing fashion faux pas as she arrives at studios with tag still attached to her dress Fast fashion What will Gregg say! Bella Thorne goes TOPLESS on Snapchat before deleting raunchy video... after reuniting with ex Sulkin following Scott Disick 'humiliation' Blooming beautiful! Transgender model Andreja Pejic dons floral blouse for casual summer stroll around New York City Stepping out in style PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Danielle Lloyd defiantly shows off her baby bump in Dubai... after slamming trolls who claimed she looks like 'washed up whale' Footsore? Brooke Shields ditches her heels for flip flops and simple sundress as she shops till she drops in New York City Classic look Smooth landing! Fresh-faced Margot Robbie is spotted arriving at LAX airport in a stylish top and jeans after jetting in from London Glamorous Showing it off at the beach! Joanna Krupa's nipple peeks through her shredded white top as she splashes around in Malibu Daring to bare 'It's hard when you miss big milestones': Andy Murray reveals it was 'tough' being on tour when baby Sophia took her first steps... as wife Kim cheers him on Doesn't he know how to drive? Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban is chauffeured to his favourite Hollywood hot spot agian Made In Ibiza! Bikini-clad Georgia Toffolo leads Chelsea new girls Ella, Mimi and Daisy as they frolic by the pool to film forthcoming summer series of MIC Tatt's nice! Male supermodel Jordan Barrett gets inked in Barcelona after hanging out with Lara Stone and Bella Hadid in Cannes Under the needle 'It's a comedian's job to cross the line': Jim Carrey comes to Kathy Griffin's defense after bloody Trump head photo causes outrage Show of support Drug, girls and shepherd's pie! As the Rolling Stones, combined age of 292, go on tour AGAIN, we reveal untold stories from 55 years on road Taking a chance on her! Amanda Seyfried set to reprise her leading role in Mamma Mia! sequel due out in 2018 Back again 'There are such a**holes out there': Chloe Lattanzi QUITS Instagram after being slammed for sharing selfies while mother Olivia battles cancer Her own best ad! Reese Witherspoon steps out toting a chic and stylish $165 straw purse from her line Draper James Beaming 'They are talking again and it may lead to something in the future': Exes Lydia Bright and James Argent are 'back in touch'... after both quitting TOWIE Geri Horner rocks a casual baseball cap and white bomber jacket as she takes a relaxing stroll with baby son Monty and a female friend NSFW: Playboy vet Kendra Wilkinson lets a Las Vegas dancer climb on her during male revue show... even though she's married with kids Salma Hayek stuns in a black dress with sheer detailing as she cosies up to husband François-Henri Pinault at Beatriz At Dinner screening in London Marilyn Monroe's Los Angeles home, where the Some Like It Hot actress overdosed in 1962, sells over the $6.9m asking price for $7.25m Little Mix will join Robbie Williams, Black Eyed Peas, Katy Perry and Justin Bieber at Ariana Grande's star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  All over tan! Caroline Flack joins a female friend for a TOPLESS dip in the pool ahead of the launch of the new season of Love Island in Mallorca Wild thing! Jaime Winstone puts on a colourful display in leopard-print jacket and red patent trousers as she attends Perfect Ten Exhibition Back on her feet! Daisy Lowe almost flashes her underwear in striped mini skirt in Primrose Hill... after recovering from embarrassing tumble Major multi-tasking! Zoe Saldana pulls a Gisele Bundchen by sharing photo where she's getting glammed while holding baby and cell phone 'Girls just wanna have SUN': Tanned and toned Vicky Pattison flaunts her assets in a pink bikini as she thrills fans in another sexy holiday snap 'I asked her some dumb questions': Elisabeth Moss reveals she exhausted The Handmaid's Tale author for information about her role in drama The Doll's House door swings open again for Nora: Show's star Laurie Metcalf tells how she relished reinventing one of theatre's most famous characters  Making a monkey out of modern art: The Square is an unworthy winner of the Palme d'Or, writes BRIAN VINER Mistake Worse for wear Nikki Sanderson puts on a busty display in skimpy black vest and tiny shorts as she enjoys boozy night out with beau Greg in Ibiza  Defiant Rihanna flashes sideboob in a revealing white dress... after she was fat-shamed by sports writer who said she looked like she was 'in a sumo suit' Ronnie Wood celebrates his 70th with wife Sally, 39, and twin daughters... as he reveals neck scar after keyhole surgery for a small lesion on his lung Former TOWIE star Pascal Craymer shows off her toned figure in a floral string bikini as she takes a trip to the beach in Marbella Making a splash Heidi Montag says Lauren Conrad has NOT reached out to her even though they are both pregnant at same time... but Audrina and Kristin have Chris Cornell's widow is waiting for toxicology results to clear up 'unanswered questions' about his suicide and believes prescription drugs were the cause Brad Pitt is spotted treating the late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell's children to hot chocolate at Universal Studios Hollywood Pregnant Kimberly Wyatt shows off her burgeoning baby bump in a playsuit as she takes to the stage at the Hay Festival Glowing 'First time and the last time we were together': Chris Cornell's brother Peter breaks his silence on the rocker's death by posting touching tribute Ttagic singer' Rochelle Humes catches the eye in stylish minidress... as husband Marvin hits the gym after she praises Zac Efron's incredible physique on Lorraine   Thrill ride! Moustachioed Johnny Depp appears alongside Daisy Ridley in suspense packed trailer for Murder On The Orient Express Couple Goals! Chloe Goodman cosies up to footballer boyfriend Jordan Clarke as they confirm reconciliation rumours with romantic holiday  Julia Roberts' upcoming TV series Today Will Be Different picked up by HBO Based on the book of the same name from author Maria Semple On the mend? Gwyneth Paltrow tries to get back in her stride as she steps out in Los Angeles... despite her injured foot still requiring a medical boot  Pretty in prints! Vanessa Hudgens is a happy shopper in cute maxi dress alongside boyfriend of six years Austin Butler Fun in the sun Fab in florals! Isla Fisher is radiant in springtime ensemble as she joins Denis Leary and John Hodgman on a panel at BookExpo 2017 in New York Poldark star Eleanor Tomlinson ties her famous red locks in a bun and wears a boho floral shirt as fans gear up for the third series of the costume drama 'I would have been a lousy father!' Steve Martin, 71, reveals why it is important he became a dad later in life Late bloomer Johnny Depp 'had no idea managers used his assets to total $40m in debt to cover up mishandling his money matters' Actor's former team Heavenly! Victoria's Secret model Romee Strijd gives a peek at toned tum in tie-up shirt over crop top on New York stroll with beau Abs-olutely gorgeous Ahoy, matey! Supermodel Karlie Kloss shoots a cover girl look while walking in NYC with snazzy sailor-inspired slacks Every bit the supermodel 'I feel less womanly': Loose Women's Andrea McLean, 47, reveals she also suffers from hair loss following co-star Nadia Sawalha's balding revelation Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's Beverly Hills estate is being sold for $18m as belongings - including movie memorabilia- are auctionned David Beckham, Gary Lineker and Ant and Dec lose their bid to overturn a £700million tax bill after investing in controversial film schemes Luke at you! Gary Lucy, 35, looks ageless as he appears on Hollyoaks set for first time in 15 YEARS to reprise role on Lucas Morgan 'I still look good a little squishier': Bikini-clad Ashley James showcases her enviable curves as she tells her followers 'life is for living' in heartfelt post Prince Harry's former flame Chelsy Davy says launching a jewellery line brought out her 'inner geek' as she models her own designs in stunning photoshoot  Movie based on Bill O'Reilly's bestselling book 'Killing Patton' has been scrapped by Fox's National Geographic Network Axed project 'It's the best surprise you can have!' Pregnant Serena Williams confirms she does NOT know the gender of her child... after sister Venus called baby 'she' Fans go WILD as pregnant Beyonce is officially announced as headliner at Coachella 2018... after withdrawing from this year's festival amid baby news Stephanie Davis sparks concern among fans as she pens 'so long guys' alongside snap with son... amid rumours of a family feud over baby's surname Annabelle Wallis is the picture of class in billowing floral maxi dress as she promotes The Mummy with co-star Sofia Boutella at the AOL Build Series Leggy Imogen Thomas slips her enviable figure into skimpy black shorts as she treats herself to an ice lolly on her way to the shops Former Miss Wales Coronation Street viewers shocked as grooming story takes another sickening turn when Bethany Platt discovers underage girl being sold for sex Fatboy Slim is on fine form as he takes to the decks weeks after cutting a gaunt figure... as family rallies around ex Zoe Ball in the wake of boyfriend's death Justin Bieber posts 24 BIZARRE photos within an hour... including that photo of him fighting man twice his size and his head photoshopped onto a woman's body Making a splash! Kelly Ripa dons paper crown and patterned midi dress as she and Ryan Seacrest spray hoses in Live gag Hosing off Beverly Hills, 90210 co-stars Tori Spelling and Ian Ziering reunite for the launch of his wife's brand new mommy blog Together again Nicole Kidman, 49, says she's 'thrilled' to be playing the MOTHER of Jason Momoa, 37, in Aquaman... even though she's only 12 years older than him 'I was moved by what a decent person Brad Pitt was': Meg Tilly, 57, talks 'generous' War Machine co-star as she returns to acting after 18 YEAR break Salma Hayek shows off her toned arms in a dark midi dress with unusual cut-out shoulder panels at the Sundance Film Festival: London Marcus Welby, MD nurse Elena Verdugo dies at age 92 after a long Hollywood career that included starring in House Of Frankenstein Split! Workaholics actor Blake Anderson and wife Rachael Finley are set to divorce after five years of marriage and one child named Mars 'Normal is boring': Christina El Moussa's daughter Taylor wears statement shirt... after months of family drama between mom and dad Family drama EOTB star ZaraLena Jackson puts on an eye-popping display in plunging trouser suit as she joins Take Me Out's Emily Longden at beauty bash in Manchester Margot Robbie shows off her enviable pins in tight-fitting leather trousers as she jets out of London... after putting on leggy display in pinafore dress While the Katie's away...! Solo Jamie Foxx showcases his '$2m' customised Bugatti Veyron... as relationship with Holmes 'goes from strength to strength' Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley shows off her enviable abs and toned pins in skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys sun-filled getaway Battle of the CBB babes! Katie Price set to go head-to-head with Bianca Gascoigne in charity boxing match Bianca, 30, has always been hot on her heels Priyanka Chopra posts SELFIES from Berlin's Holocaust memorial before deleting them  Former Miss World Priyanka was in Berlin, promoting her new film Come and get it while it's hot! Ali Larter beams in a simple yet chic dress as she feasts on fancy fried chicken at event  Chowing down 'I'm sorry... everything works out in the end': Geri Horner apologises to her fans for quitting the Spice Girls, 19 years after she dramatically left the girl group Hats off to her! Jessica Chastain handles her own extensive luggage as she touches down in Milan in a trendy fedora after Cannes This is the life! Coleen Rooney shows off her tanned figure in skimpy green bikini during relaxing beach day in Barbados with husband Wayne and their boys 'That's insane!' Kendall Jenner bangs on table as family reacts to Caitlyn's memoir... and Kim Kardashian admits to reading the whole thing Fun in the sun! FEMAIL reveals how to accessorise your swimsuit like beach babes Kourtney, Kendall and Alessandra  Take your daughter to work day! Myleene Klass shows off her trim figure in chic strapless dress as she walks to radio station with Hero, six 'We were like a real-life married couple': Roy Barraclough's onscreen wife Julie 'Bet Lynch' Goodyear says she 'will always love' actor as he dies, 81  'We were on fire': Rita Ora poses in very racy fishnet bodysuit for sultry shoot as she teases her 'ambiguous' relationship with 'wifey' Cara Delevingne No heartache here! Lauren Bushnell beams at LA airport after revealing she has NOT returned diamond engagement ring to Bachelor Ben Higgins Stephen Merchant looks upbeat as the 6ft 7in star towers above his mystery blonde companion while stocking up on groceries in LA On a spiritual journey? Kourtney Kardashian leaves a Beverly Hills church in a fluffy cropped jacket while ex Scott Disick is spotted with EIGHTH woman What a handful! Cheeky Travis Scott gets a firm grip on Kylie Jenner's derriere during PDA-heavy outing in Los Angeles She can be a handful No regrets! Robbie Williams drops plans to build a 'whimsical folly' 28ft by 16ft summer-house in his back garden after a huge backlash Countdown to a big announcement? Rachel Riley fools fans as she poses with fake baby bump on the set of her TV show Dating Pasha Kovalev Life is beautiful! Makeup-free Natasha Oakley flaunts her curves in skimpy bikini as she tours Italy with personal trainer beau Gilles Souteyrand Zayn Malik cuts a casual figure in a novelty T-shirt and ripped denims as he heads to a New York recording studio  Looked ultra-cool  Love Island's Hannah Elizabeth shows off eye-popping assets in TINY black bikini as she larks around following ex-fiancé Jon Clark's love woes Did Pippa have a wedding smile-over? Dentists believe Mrs Matthews had 'gold standard aligning, bleaching and bonding' ahead of her big day  Spoiler, Mr President! Taylor Schilling and Laverne Cox recall meeting Barack and Michelle Obama... who were terrified they would let slip OITMB plot 'I wanted to remind everyone he's an old fart': Liam Gallagher admits Manchester attack inspired him to wish brother Noel a happy 50th birthday  Pippa Middleton pairs sunglasses with $365 Orla Kiely blouse as she touches down in balmy Darwin on honeymoon before climbing on board ANOTHER flight James Corden and Ed Sheeran show off their rap skills as teaser for new Carpool Karaoke is revealed for star-studded UK episodes of The Late Late Show 'He's decked out!' Liam Payne reveals son Bear, 10 weeks, boasts a wardrobe of GUCCI baby clothes... with prices tipping £1,200 for tot's collection All of me! Topless Chrissy Teigen guards her modesty as she shows off her fresh spray tan on Snapchat Shared a naked picture on social media Braless Amanda Holden nearly bares all in dress with high split for BGT semi-finals... after vowing to spark 'Ofcom complaints' with her racy ensembles  Eva Longoria cuts a stylish figure in pin-hugging denims as she films Overboard remake alongside Anna Faris in Canada Ex-Desperate Housewife Smitten Sophie Turner greets boyfriend Joe Jonas with a hug as they reunite in London ... as she prepares for imminent return of Game Of Thrones Geri Horner sizzles in red figure-hugging cocktail dress as she puts on an affectionate display with husband Christian at End The Silence charity bash Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Home Internet News All-electric satellites are ushering in zippier in-flight internet access Pushing satellites around using electrical, rather than chemical, thrusters saves weight, leaving room aboard for more powerful communications systems Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Peter Sayer IDG News Service - Paris bureau chief, IDG News Service | Jun 1, 2017 6:48 AM PT Credit: ESA - CNES - Arianespace / Photo Optique Video CSG More like this I tested Gogo’s in-flight Wi-Fi of the future and said goodbye to Netflix... Cisco's New-market Ambitions Extend Into Orbit Gogo buys more satellite capacity after lawsuit over slow in-flight Wi-Fi Video Witcher 3 on a MacBook Air? Yep, with Nvidia GeForce Now All-electric satellites are changing the way airline passengers access the internet. Like a Tesla in space, an all-electric satellite uses electric propulsion to climb from transfer orbit to geostationary orbit and to maintain its position on station, instead of the chemical rockets used by traditional satellites. Such satellites still need a traditional launcher burning solid or liquid fuel for the brute-force task of getting them into space, but the delicate work of positioning the satellite is done electrically. Without the need to carry vast quantities of chemical fuel, all-electric satellites can be up to 40 percent lighter at launch. That gives their operators the option of using a smaller, cheaper launch vehicle -- or of tacking on extra communications equipment to deliver more power or operate in more frequency bands. Whatever option the operator chooses, airline passengers jonesing for in-flight internet access benefit, as the service can be cheaper, faster, or available in more places. Boeing has been building all-electric satellites for a couple of years, but now a European company, Airbus Defense and Space, is getting in on the game. The first Airbus-built all-electric satellite, Eutelsat 172B, is scheduled for launch late on June 1. It will take off from Kourou in French Guiana aboard an Ariane 5 launch vehicle. The same launcher will also carry ViaSat 2, a conventionally powered broadband communications satellite built by Boeing. Once lofted into its transfer orbit by the Ariane 5, Eutelsat 172B will turn on its electric motors and start the slow climb to geostationary orbit over Asia. ViaSat 2, meanwhile, will light up its rockets for a somewhat faster journey to an orbital slot over the Americas. While Eutelsat 172B carries no combustible fuel, it does still carry some expendable reaction mass -- something to sling out the back in order to push itself forward through the vacuum of space. It will use xenon gas, splitting it into positive and negative ions and accelerating these to high speeds using an electric field. The use of xenon ion propulsion systems (XIPS, pronounced "zips") to move a satellite up into geostationary orbit is relatively new. Most still use chemical thrusters ejecting burning gases for that task, although there are plenty of satellites using XIPS to remain on station. The electric propulsion system draws its power from the satellite's solar panels but, even if the satellite still has power, once its xenon reaction mass is used up it will slowly drift off station and it will be time to launch a replacement. So what does all this mean for airline passengers? Lots more internet capacity, for one thing. One of the three communications packages Eutelsat 172B will carry is the high-throughput service that will be operated by Panasonic Avionics. That company will its 11 spot beams with a capacity of 1.8Gbps to deliver in-flight entertainment and connectivity to commercial airlines across the Pacific Ocean. The satellite's manufacturer, Airbus, is also building other all-electric satellites that will be able to carry even bigger communications packages, promising still more bandwidth to come. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Internet Mobile Peter Sayer covers European public policy, artificial intelligence, the blockchain, and other technology breaking news for the IDG News Service. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Contract Awards / Boeing to Update F/A-18, EA-18G Ancillary Hardware, Software Under $86M Navy Award Boeing to Update F/A-18, EA-18G Ancillary Hardware, Software Under $86M Navy Award Scott Nicholas June 1, 2017 Contract Awards, News 46 Views Boeing (NYSE: BA) has received an $86.3 million contract modification to perform ancillary hardware and software upgrades to the F/A-18 and EA-18G aircraft of the U.S. Navy and six international government customers. The modification includes foreign military sales to Australia, Canada, Finland, Kuwait, Malaysia and Switzerland, the Defense Department said Wednesday. DoD added the Naval Air Warfare Center will obligate funds upon the issuance of task orders. Boeing will perform work under the modification in California and Missouri through December 2018. The Navy also awarded an $89.2 million modification to Boeing on May 5 to maintain, sustain and support the service branch’s F/A-18 and EA-18G fleets. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags ba Boeing Defense Department DOD EA-18G F/A-18 featured FMS foreign military sales govcon Naval Air Warfare Center Navy software Related Articles Level 3’s Jeff Storey to Succeed Glen Post as CenturyLink CEO Upon Merger Deal’s Closure June 2, 2017 June 1 Market Close: GovCon Index Up as S&P 500, DJIA, and NASDAQ Set New Highs June 1, 2017 DHS Cancels $1.5B Contract for Agile Development Services June 1, 2017 Check Also Ashley Godwin Named Huntington Ingalls Federal Policy Director Ashley Godwin, formerly senior defense and government affairs adviser for the Shipbuilders Council of America, … World’s Largest Airplane, the Stratolaunch, Rolled Out Stratolaunch, the world’s largest airplane, with a wingspan of 385 feet, a height of 50 … Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags Level 3’s Jeff Storey to Succeed Glen Post as CenturyLink CEO Upon Merger Deal’s Closure June 2, 2017 June 1 Market Close: GovCon Index Up as S&P 500, DJIA, and NASDAQ Set New Highs June 1, 2017 Unisys’ PV Puvvada: Agile Acquisition, Industry Collaboration Among Factors to Drive Fed IT Modernization June 1, 2017 DHS Cancels $1.5B Contract for Agile Development Services June 1, 2017 CTC Included in 2017 List of ‘Best for Vets’ Employers; Ed Sheehan Comments June 1, 2017 Vectrus Lands $212M Army Contract Modification for Comms & Info Systems Support May 30, 2017 829 Tableau Software’s Sean Brophy: Agencies Should Advance Citizen Engagement Through Data Access May 30, 2017 434 Security Clearance Process Key Challenge for Military Cyber Forces May 26, 2017 297 DHS Cancels $1.5B Contract for Agile Development Services June 1, 2017 246 Julie Bowen Promoted to Mitre SVP; Jason Providakes Comments May 30, 2017 238 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... govcon featured Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz Lockheed Martin Defense Department Contract Awards business news Financial News Northrop Grumman government contracting Raytheon Contract Award Boeing Executive moves DOD General Dynamics nyse news GovCon Index financial report SAIC U.S. Air Force U.S. Navy BAE Systems Navy Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz Mitre General Counsel, Corporate Secretary Julie Bowen Takes SVP Role Parsons to Provide Construction, Program Mgmt Support to NNSA; Carey Smith Comments DXC to Provide PIV Services, USAccess Support Under $150M GSA Deal; Marilyn Crouther Comments CACI Hires Former Lockheed, BAE Exec as President of US Operations; Ken Asbury Comments CACI Unveils Expanded COO Role for John Mengucci; Ken Asbury Comments Unisys Federal Names BD Executive for DHS Programs; PV Puvvada Comments @Follow Me The Unmanned Systems Forum is just 5 days away! Don't miss it! Register: https://t.co/kmtxoQhqnb https://t.co/IjAX2c2YPD5 hours ago New post: June 1 Market Close: GovCon Index Up as S&P 500, DJIA, and NASDAQ Set New Highs https://t.co/Yb9upRzczV9 hours ago New post: Unisys’ PV Puvvada: Agile Acquisition, Industry Collaboration Among Factors to Drive Fed IT Modernization https://t.co/kjJiMq05Tx10 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Defense News Harris producing sonobuoy launch equipment for Boeing By Richard Tomkins   |   June 1, 2017 at 7:13 AM Follow @upi Comments June 1 (UPI) -- Harris Corporation is supplying Boeing with sonobuoy launching equipment for use by P-8A anti-submarine aircraft. The Poseidons -- 49 in all -- are to be flown by the U.S. Navy in addition to the military forces of Australia and Britain, Harri Corporation said. "The P-8A will be at the center of the U.S. and its allies' anti-submarine and anti-surface warfare missions for the foreseeable future," said Ed Zoiss, president of Harris Electronic Systems. "Harris technology dramatically improves on existing sonobuoy launching capabilities, helping to enable this important mission." Harris said it will supply single-shot and rotary launchers capable of deploying up to 10 sonobuoys. Other specifics about the lightweight, pneumatic launchers and the monetary value of the contract were not disclosed. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories French deliver armored vehicles to Lebanon General Dynamics receives Navy training contract HH-60W Combat Rescue Helicopter passes design review Raytheon contracted for testing of joint standoff weapon Comments Recommended Sparton Corporation, Ultra Electronics to produce sonobuoys Next Article French deliver armored vehicles to Lebanon Latest Headlines KC-46A tanker receives electronic testing 10 hours ago ago June 1 (UPI) -- The KC-46A Pegasus aerial tanker is undergoing testing at Benfield Anechoic Facility to ensure it meets FAA regulations and certifications requirements. BAE System, QinetiQ partnering on electric drive system 11 hours ago ago June 1 (UPI) -- BAE Systems is partnering with QinetiQ to develop electric drive systems for military ground combat vehicles, the companies announced this week. Australia to acquire small unmanned aerial vehicles 13 hours ago ago June 1 (UPI) -- A senior Australian government minister on Thursday announced a $75.2 million government investment in small unmanned aerial vehicles for the country's military. Navy accepts delivery of USS Gerald R. Ford 13 hours ago ago June 1 (UPI) -- The U.S. Navy has received delivery of the future USS Gerald R. Ford, the first of its class and first new-design aircraft carrier delivered since 1975. Vietnamese coast guard receives former U.S. vessel 14 hours ago ago June 1 (UPI) -- A former High Endurance Cutter of the U.S. Coast Guard, the Morgenthau, has been transferred to the Coast Guard of Vietnam during a ceremony recently in Hawaii. Trending Stories Elon Musk quits as Trump adviser over Paris withdrawal How and why did a house swift cross the Pacific? Trump on historic Paris climate change pact: 'We're getting out' North Korea gasoline prices skyrocket amid concerns over sanctions Water-splitting technologies could usher in hydrogen economy PHOTOS President Trump visits the Middle East Michael Bay honored at Hollywood handprint ceremony Stars showcase their films at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Hugh Jackman attends the 'Logan' premiere in Tokyo On the red carpet at the 2017 Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas Cloud Computing wins the Preakness Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Malaysia Airlines jet turns back after bomb scare Business Standard Canada's defense minister threatens Boeing deal in speech AP  |  Toronto  June 1, 2017 Last Updated at 07:57 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWOsTD ALSO READ Canada to ban asbestos by 2018 Canada backs US airstrikes in Syria: Trudeau Canada announces sanctions against key Syrian officials Canada introduces legislation to legalise marijuana Canada reaches carbon agreement with provinces Canada's defense minister repeated a threat to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co because of the company's trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan said Boeing's action against Bombardier is "unfounded" and not the behavior of a "trusted partner." He said yesterday buying the Super Hornet fighter jets "requires a trusted industry partner." Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada's foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. "Our government - and I stress this - our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners," he said. Chicago-based Boeing's trade complaint prompted a US Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada's threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with the US Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, defended the company's trade action, suggesting it should not be linked to its military relationship with Canada. "It's more of a commercial issue with regard to the Bombardier case," he said. "We're going to continue working with the US Navy, providing information on the Super Hornet that will be provided to the government of Canada." Boeing petitioned the US Commerce Department and the US International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing says Bombardier has received more than USD 3 billion in government subsidies that let it engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a USD 275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from US-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Canada | Government | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Canada's defense minister threatens Boeing deal in speech Canada's defense minister repeated a threat to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co because of the company's trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan said Boeing's action against Bombardier is "unfounded" and not the behavior of a "trusted partner." He said yesterday buying the Super Hornet fighter jets "requires a trusted industry partner." Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada's foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. "Our government - and I stress this - our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners," he said. Chicago-based Boeing's trade complaint prompted a US Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada's threat is ... Canada's defense minister repeated a threat to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co because of the company's trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan said Boeing's action against Bombardier is "unfounded" and not the behavior of a "trusted partner." He said yesterday buying the Super Hornet fighter jets "requires a trusted industry partner." Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada's foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. "Our government - and I stress this - our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners," he said. Chicago-based Boeing's trade complaint prompted a US Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada's threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with the US Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, defended the company's trade action, suggesting it should not be linked to its military relationship with Canada. "It's more of a commercial issue with regard to the Bombardier case," he said. "We're going to continue working with the US Navy, providing information on the Super Hornet that will be provided to the government of Canada." Boeing petitioned the US Commerce Department and the US International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing says Bombardier has received more than USD 3 billion in government subsidies that let it engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a USD 275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from US-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Canada's defense minister threatens Boeing deal in speech Canada's defense minister repeated a threat to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co because of the company's trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan said Boeing's action against Bombardier is "unfounded" and not the behavior of a "trusted partner." He said yesterday buying the Super Hornet fighter jets "requires a trusted industry partner." Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada's foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. "Our government - and I stress this - our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners," he said. Chicago-based Boeing's trade complaint prompted a US Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada's threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with the US Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, defended the company's trade action, suggesting it should not be linked to its military relationship with Canada. "It's more of a commercial issue with regard to the Bombardier case," he said. "We're going to continue working with the US Navy, providing information on the Super Hornet that will be provided to the government of Canada." Boeing petitioned the US Commerce Department and the US International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing says Bombardier has received more than USD 3 billion in government subsidies that let it engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a USD 275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from US-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Americas Canada’s defense minister threatens Boeing deal in speech The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Rob Gillies | AP By Rob Gillies | AP May 31 at 10:40 PM TORONTO — Canada’s defense minister repeated a threat Wednesday to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of the company’s trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Harjit Sajjan said Boeing’s action against Bombardier is “unfounded” and not the behavior of a “trusted partner.” He said buying the Super Hornet fighter jets “requires a trusted industry partner.” Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada’s foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. “Our government - and I stress this - our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners,” he said. Chicago-based Boeing’s trade complaint prompted a U.S. Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier’s new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada’s threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with the U.S. Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, noted that Sajjan also recognized Boeing as a strong partner in the past and for the future. Day defended the company’s trade action. “This is a commercial matter that Boeing is seeking to address through the normal course for resolving such issues,” Day said in an email. Boeing petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft. Boeing says Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies that let it engage in “predatory pricing.” Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier’s. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada’s federal government also recently provided a US$275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from U.S.-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin’s F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. Sajjan said he would have more to say about the issue next week. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. world the_americas Get 2016 Olympics updates by email Our best news and analysis from Rio, delivered to your inbox. post_newsletter333 magnet-olympics2016 false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters world the_americas Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 As U.S. backs away from climate pledges, India and China step up 2 Putin: Russia doesn’t hack but “patriotic” individuals might 3 Trump administration moves to return Russian compounds in Maryland and New York 4 Analysis Why Nicaragua and Syria didn’t join the Paris climate accord 5 Gunfire reported at resort complex in Philippine capital The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game world the_americas Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News World News Canada's defense minister threatens Boeing deal in his speech Canada Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan (Reuters) Shares0 Thu, 1 Jun 2017-10:09am , Toronto , PTI Canada's defense minister repeated a threat to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co because of the company's trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan said Boeing's action against Bombardier is "unfounded" and not the behavior of a "trusted partner." He said on Wednesday buying the Super Hornet fighter jets "requires a trusted industry partner." Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada's foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. "Our government - and I stress this - our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners," he said. Chicago-based Boeing's trade complaint prompted a US Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada's threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with the US Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, defended the company's trade action, suggesting it should not be linked to its military relationship with Canada. "It's more of a commercial issue with regard to the Bombardier case," he said. "We're going to continue working with the US Navy, providing information on the Super Hornet that will be provided to the government of Canada." Boeing petitioned the US Commerce Department and the US International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing says Bombardier has received more than USD 3 billion in government subsidies that let it engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5% stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a USD 275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from US-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World 19 dead in blast, shelling in south Syria: monitor World Justin Trudeau calls Trump to say climate decision a 'disappointment' World Paris Climate Agreement: UN Chief dismayed over Trump pulling out of Paris Accord World Former FBI Director James Comey to testify on June 8 in Trump-Russia collusion probe World Philippines: At least 34 dead in botched robbery at Manila casino; gunman kills himself World Paris Agreement: Global backlash as Trump announces US withdrawal from global climate deal Next Article > CBFC Chief Pahlaj Nihalani SLAMS Ram Gopal Varma for FILTHY 'Guns and Thighs' trailer! Live Cricket Score Australia vs New Zealand Fri, 2 June 2017, 03:00 PM IST Next node CBFC Chief Pahlaj Nihalani SLAMS Ram Gopal Varma for FILTHY 'Guns and Thighs' trailer! Related Paris Climate Deal: World leaders express regret over US’ withdrawal Justin Trudeau calls Trump to say climate decision a 'disappointment' Justin Trudeau invites Pope to Canada for Church apology to indigenous peoples Zee Biz Originals View all GDP disappointed, will GST be a surprise for Indian economy? Unhappy with your internet connection? TRAI asks for suggestions to create better benchmark India internet users grow by over 28%, while global growth stays flat Debt continues to be key constraint for India, Moody's says Video Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma WATCH: Priyanka Chopra PROPOSES to Tupac, BEATS up a clown, does the Baywatch run and more.... View all Tags Canada Defense Minister Boeing Bombardier Harjit Sajjan fighter jets CSeries aircraft World Trade Organization Sao Paolo US SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News ED files money laundering case to probe Bihar toppers scam Jammu 'Red Beacon' laden VIP car crushes teen to death BJP chief Amit Shah arrives in Kerala on three-day visit 'Poor quality food' in Army: BSF jawan’s video was made viral by Pakistan websites, says intelligence unit British Airways I.T. outage caused by contractor who switched off power - Times Sport Cricket-Classy Root adds silk to England's batting steel NBA-Warriors' Curry taking it game by game after last year's collapse NBA Finals: Golden State Warriors' Kevin Durant snatches game one from Cleveland Cavaliers Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Friday, June 2 Soccer-Dutch striker Huntelaar rejoins Ajax on one-year deal Entertainment Leave Alia for Varun and Salman for me: Katrina Kaif gets CANDID! Rishi remembers father Raj Kapoor on 29th death anniversary THIS Tiger Shroff fan and graffiti artist will create a LIFELIKE artwork of 'Munna Michael' Jacqueline Fernandez, Taapsee Pannu’s COLD WAR heats up during 'Judwaa 2' Kevin Bacon went undercover as student for 'Footloose' Money GMR Infra's March-qtr net loss widens to Rs 2,479 cr Mattis says U.S. committed to Asia-Pacific as allies seek clear policy Zydus Cadila gets USFDA nod for levofloxacin injection UK's Metro Bank buys mortgage portfolio from Cerberus Capital Panama Papers probe-Sharif's younger son Hassan appears before JIT Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 74° Full Menu 74° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us National Business May 31, 2017 10:39 PM Canada's defense minister threatens Boeing deal in speech By ROB GILLIES Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story TORONTO Canada's defense minister repeated a threat Wednesday to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of the company's trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Harjit Sajjan said Boeing's action against Bombardier is "unfounded" and not the behavior of a "trusted partner." He said buying the Super Hornet fighter jets "requires a trusted industry partner." Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada's foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. "Our government - and I stress this - our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners," he said. Chicago-based Boeing's trade complaint prompted a U.S. Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada's threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with the U.S. Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, noted that Sajjan also recognized Boeing as a strong partner in the past and for the future. Day defended the company's trade action. "This is a commercial matter that Boeing is seeking to address through the normal course for resolving such issues," Day said in an email. Boeing petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing says Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies that let it engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a US$275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from U.S.-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. Sajjan said he would have more to say about the issue next week. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:40 4 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.2 1:13 6 hours ago New Horry County Racepath Community Center months away, but leaders not giving up hope View More Video National Business European leaders: climate change deal can't be renegotiated California lawmakers pass bills to address housing shortage The Latest: Fiji's leader disappointed by Trump decision The Latest: Thick smoke had trapped dead in gambling space Retirees at GE plant in Canada see hope for health claims National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
NCAA NFL MLB Recruiting More Sports Fantasy Military Fishing Hunting Living Membership Tickets App Teams NCAA Football HQ FB Recruiting NCAA Basketball HQ BK Recruiting Tailgating Teams NFL HQ Draft Rankings Fantasy Tailgating Teams MLB HQ Transactions Scouting Top Prospects FB Recruiting HQ FB Prospects FB Commits FB Team Rankings JC Football BK Recruiting HQ BK Prospects BK Commits BK Team Rankings High School Sports NBA Golf Cleveland Sports Rankings Fantasy HQ Tools Daily Fantasy Forums Play Join Warrior The latest news and tech from the field of combat. North American Fisherman Fishing news and video from NAF. Wired2Fish Gear reviews, guides, and how-to videos for serious anglers. Fishhound Tracking all things fishing...all the time. North American Hunter Hunting news, video, and gear reviews from NAH. Gear News and reviews on the hottest gear, fastest cars, and latest tech. Build Gear reviews and how-to guides for the handyman. Tailgate Recipes, games, and guides for American's fastest-growing sport. Garden Tips and tricks for landscaping and lawn care. Cook Recipes and tutorial videos. SCOUT Sign In Air Force Has Begun Experimentation, Planning and Investments for a 6th Generation Fighter to Come After the F-35 Scout Warrior Yesterday at 9:09 PM / Originally published onWarrior The Pentagon's 6th Generation Fighter may be stealthy and will likely have next-generation computers, electronic warfare technology, speed, weapons and sensors The Air Force has begun experimenting and conceptual planning for a 6th generation fighter aircraft to emerge in coming years as a technological step beyond the F-35, service leaders said.  "We have started experimentation, developmental planning and technology investment," said Lt. Gen. Arnold Bunch, Military Deputy, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force, Acquisition.  The new aircraft, engineered to succeed the 5th-generation F-35 Joint StrikeFighter and explode onto the scene by the mid 2030s, is now in the earliest stages of conceptual development with the Air Force and Navy. The two services are now working together on early conceptual discussions about the types of technologies and capabilities the aircraft will contain. While the Air Force has not yet identified a platform for the new aircraft. The Air Force characterizes the effort in terms of a future capability called Next-Gen Air Dominance. While Bunch did not elaborate on the specifics of ongoing early efforts, he did make reference to the Air Superiority 2030 Flight Plan which delineates some key elements of the service's strategy for a future platform.  Fighter  jets in 20-years may likely contain the next-generation of stealth technoology, electronic warfare, sophisticated computer processing and algorithms, increased autonomy, hypersonic weapons and so-called "smart-skins" where sensors are built into the side of the aircraft itself.  Some of these characteristics may have been on display more than a year ago when Northrop Grumman's SuperBowl AD revealed a flashy first look at its rendering of a new 6th-generation fighter jet. Northrop is one of a number of major defense industry manufacturers who will bid for a contract to build the new plane - when the time is right. While there are not many details available on this work, it is safe to assume Northrop is advancing concepts, technology and early design work toward this end. Boeing is also in the early phases of development of a 6th-gen design, according to a report in Defense News.  The Navy's new aircraft will, at least in part, replace the existing inventory of F/A-18 Super Hornets which will start to retire by 2035, Navy officials said.  The Navy vision for a future carrier air wing in 2040 and beyond is comprised of the carrier-launched variant of the Joint Strike Fighter, the F-35C, and legacy aircraft such as the EA-18G Growler electronic jamming aircraft. Also, around this time is when Navy planners envision its 6th generation aircraft to be ready, an aircraft which will likely be engineered for both manned and unmanned missions. Technologies are rapidly advancing in coatings, electromagnetic spectrum issues, artificial intelligence, maneuvering, superiority in sensing the battlespace, communications and data links, Navy leaders have said. Northrop Grumman   Navy officials also add that the Navy is likely to develop new carrier-launched unmanned air vehicles in coming years as well. For instance, Northrop's historic X-47B demonstrator aircraft was the first unmanned system to successfully launch and land on the deck of an aircraft carrier.  Analysts have speculated that as 6th generation developers seek to engineer a sixth-generation aircraft, they will likely explore a range of next-generation technologies such as maximum sensor connectivity, super cruise ability and an aircraft with electronically configured “smart skins.”  Super cruise technology would enable the new fighter jet to cruise at supersonic speeds without needing afterburner, analysts have explained. As a result, super cruise brings a substantial tactical advantage because it allows for high-speed maneuvering without needing afterburner, therefore enable much longer on-location mission time. Such a scenario provides a time advantage as the aircraft would likely outlast a rival aircraft likely to run out of fuel earlier. The Air Force F-22 has a version of supercruise technology.  Maximum connectivity would mean massively increased communications and sensor technology such as having an ability to achieve real-time connectivity with satellites, other aircraft and anything that could provide relevant battlefield information.The new aircraft might also seek to develop the ability to fire hypersonic weapons, however such a development would hinge upon successful progress with yet-to-be-proven technologies such as scramjets traveling at hypersonic speeds. Some tests of early renderings of this technology have been tested successfully and yet other attempts have failed. The Air Force Chief Scientist, Dr. Geoffrey Zacharias, has told Scout Warrior that the US anticipates having hypersonic weapons by the 2020s, hypersonic drones by the 2030s and recoverable hypersonic drone aircraft by the 2040s. There is little doubt that hypersonic technology, whether it be weaponry or propulsion, or both, will figure prominently into future aircraft designs.  Smart aircraft skins would involve dispersing certain technologies or sensors across the fuselage and further integrating them into the aircraft itself, using next-generation computer algorithms to organize and display information for the pilot. We see some of this already in the F-35; the aircraft sensor fusion uses advanced computer technology to collect, organize and display combat relevant information from a variety of otherwise disparate sensors onto a single screen for pilots. In addition, Northrop's Distributed Aperture System is engineered to provide F-35 pilots with a 360-degree view of the battlespace. Cameras on the DAS are engineered into parts of the F-35 fuselage itself to reduce drag and lower the aircraft's radar signature.  Northrop Grumman Smart skins with distributed electronics means that instead of having systems mounted on the aircraft, you would have apertures integrated on the skin of the aircraft, analysts have said.  This could reduce drag, increase speed and maneuverability while increasing the technological ability of the sensors. It is also possible that the new 6th-generation fighter could use advanced, futuristic stealth technology able to enable newer, more capable air defenses. The air defenses of potential adversaries are increasingly using faster computing processing power and are better networked together, more digital, able to detect a wider range of frequencies and able to detect stealthy aircraft at farther distances.  The new 6th-generation fighter will also likely fire lasers and have the ability to launch offensive electronic attacks. Kris Osborn can be reached at Kris.Osborn@Scout.com. To Ask Military Expert KRIS OSBORN Questions, VISIT THE WARRIOR FORUMS.     Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout Air Force F-22 Will Get New Targeting Sensors Former Pac-12 QB Is Back On the Market AF Starts Experiments for 6th Gen Fighter 5 Times the A-10 Saved Lives in Combat Cardinals Release Reliever Broxton, Add Gant Share & Embed No. 8 ATH Is on Board With the Florida Gators Full Story Scout Top Stories Breaking News No. 8 ATH Is on Board With the Florida GatorsCoach Jim McElwain and the Florida Gators just scooped up a commitment from one of the nation's premier athletes in Amari Burney, a product of Clearwater (Fla.) Calvary Christian. by Corey Bender Scout FootballYesterday at 4:44 AM Breaking News Former 5-star DB to transfer from LSULSU sophomore defensive back Saivion Smith announced on Wednesday that he will transfer from LSU. by Billy Embody Tiger BlitzWednesday at 5:47 PM Breaking News 4-star QB Justin Rogers commits to TCU2018 Bossier City (La.) Parkway quarterback Justin Rogers has committed to TCU over LSU and North Carolina. by Billy Embody Tiger BlitzWednesday at 4:10 PM Former Pac-12 QB Is Back On the MarketFormer Cal quarterback Max Gilliam is back on the market after receiving his unconditional release from the Bears late last week. by Greg Biggins Scout FootballWednesday at 3:38 PM Jacobi Gordon Becomes Cal's First 2018 CommitFour-star Texas wing Jacobi Gordon became the first member of California's 2018 recruiting class after an unofficial visit on Tuesday. by Ryan Gorcey BearTerritory.netWednesday at 2:43 PM Paddletail Swimbait Tweaks for More BassThese quick tips will help you fish paddletail swimbaits for bass in deep water more effectively and efficiently. by David A. Brown Wired2FishWednesday at 10:17 PM 4-star WR Turner is a HokieFour-star Greensboro (N.C.) Northwest Guilford wide receiver Tre Turner is headed to Virginia Tech. by Michael Clark Scout FootballWednesday at 6:01 PM Cardinals Release Reliever Broxton, Add GantThe St. Louis Cardinals have released struggling relief pitcher Jonathan Broxton and promoted pitcher John Gant from Triple-A Memphis. by St. Louis Cardinals press release The Cardinal NationWednesday at 5:12 PM 5 Times the A-10 Saved Lives in CombatThe A-10 earned this reputation under fire. Here are five times that A-10 Warthogs saved the day for troops in contact and pilots lost behind enemy lines: by We Are the Mighty WarriorWednesday at 10:14 AM 2017 Fantasy Football PrimerAre you ready for the 2017 Fantasy Football season? It can't come soon enough, right? This page is a hub where we both want to look forward towards 2017 but also look back at 2016. by SCOUT Fantasy Staff Scout FantasyWednesday at 9:22 AM Load More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets CBS Sports Sign In Sign Up 247 SportsCBS Sports Digital Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Careers © 2017 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Cyber Weapon Market Estimated to grow at a Healthy CAGR by 2022 Latest niche market research report on “2017 Market Research Report on Global Cyber Weapon Industry” available with OrbisResearch.com. In our aim to provide our erudite clients with the best research material with absolute in-depth information of the market, our new report on Global Cyber Weapon Market is confident in meeting their needs and expectations. The 2017 market research report on Global Cyber Weapon Market is an in-depth study and analysis of the market by our industry experts with unparalleled domain knowledge. The report will shed light on many critical points and trends of the industry which are useful for our esteemed clients. The report covers a vast expanse of information including an overview, comprehensive analysis, definitions and classifications, applications, and expert opinions, among others. With the extent of information filled in the report, the presentation and style of the Global Cyber Weapon Market report is a noteworthy. The Global Cyber Weapon Industry report provides key information about the industry, including invaluable facts and figures, expert opinions, and the latest developments across the globe. Not only does the report cover a holistic view of the industry from a global standpoint, but it also covers individual regions and their development. The Global Cyber Weapon Industry report showcases the latest trends in the global and regional markets on all critical parameters which include technology, supplies, capacity, production, profit, price, and competition. The key players covered in the report provide a detailed analysis of the competition and their developments in the Global Cyber Weapon Industry. Accurate forecasts and expert opinion from credible sources, and the recent R&D development in the industry is also a mainstay of the Cyber Weapon Market report. The report also focuses on the significance of industry chain analysis and all variables, both upstream and downstream. These include equipment and raw materials, client surveys, marketing channels, and industry trends and proposals. Other significant information covering consumption, key regions and distributors, and raw material suppliers are also a covered in this report. Finally, the Cyber Weapon Market report ends with a detailed SWOT analysis of the market, investment feasibility and returns, and development trends and forecasts. As with every report on Orbis Research, the Cyber Weapon Industry is the holy grail of information which serious knowledge seekers can benefit from. The report which is the result of ultimate dedication of pedigree professionals has a wealth of information which can benefit anyone, irrespective of their commercial or academic interest. Request a sample of this report at http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/306406 . Global Cyber Weapon Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 1 Boeing Company 1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 1.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 1.2.1 Product A 1.2.2 Product B 1.3 Boeing Company Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 2 Lockheed Martin Corporation 2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 2.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 2.2.1 Product A 2.2.2 Product B 2.3 Lockheed Martin Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 3 Cisco Systems 3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 3.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 3.2.1 Product A 3.2.2 Product B 3.3 Cisco Systems Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4 McAfee 4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 4.2.1 Product A 4.2.2 Product B 4.3 McAfee Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5 General Dynamics Corporation 5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 5.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 5.2.1 Product A 5.2.2 Product B 5.3 General Dynamics Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 6 BAE Systems plc 6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 6.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 6.2.1 Product A 6.2.2 Product B 6.3 BAE Systems plc Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7 Symantec Corporation 1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 2.1 Product A 2.2 Product B 3 Symantec Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Northrop Grumman Corporation 8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 8.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 8.2.1 Product A 8.2.2 Product B 8.3 Northrop Grumman Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9 Raytheon Company 9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 9.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 9.2.1 Product A 9.2.2 Product B 9.3 Raytheon Company Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 10 General Dynamics Corporation 10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 10.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 10.2.1 Product A 10.2.2 Product B 10.3 General Dynamics Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 11 BAE System plc 12 Avast Software 13 AVG Technologies About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsGlobal Cyber Weapon Industry Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Color Sorter Machinery Market 2017-2022 Analysis by Top Players, Regions, Types & Application Next PostNext Global Architectural Membrane Market Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2022- Market Research Report Search Recent Posts New Self-Learning Neuromorphic Chip Market Report 2017 China: Own Up to Tiananmen Massacre 2017-2022 Process Analytical Technology Market Global Analysis and Forecats Research Report Global and China Telescope Laser Rangefinder Market Research Report Forecast 2017-2021 Cyclohexene Market Report Presents an Overall Analysis, Development Trends, Driving Forces, Opportunities & Future Potential 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
News Sports Business Real Estate 83° Full Menu 83° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) Business June 01, 2017 9:07 PM Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time By JOHN ANTCZAK Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story LOS ANGELES Billionaire Paul G. Allen's Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: ___ GIGANTIC The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet (117 meters), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 meters) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380's wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 meters). ___ WEIGHT AND POWER The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. ___ AIR LAUNCH On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. ___ HISTORY Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and '60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. ___ WHAT'S NEXT The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) 1 of 3 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 1:44 a day ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 0:59 13 days ago Florida anaylst for PNC Bank discusses jobs report 0:37 15 days ago World of Avatar View More Video Business 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire The Latest: 36 dead from smoke in Philippine casino attack Mayor: Puerto Rican militant to step aside from parade role The Latest: Kansas House OKs bill against guns in hospitals Here’s a sneak peak of the new Southwest international concourse at FLL Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to Content Skip to Navigation ABC Radio Australia Internationalchange International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Change site International International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Tok Pisin Tok Pisin News and features from Australia in Tok Pisin and English Français French News and current affairs from Australia in French and English for the Pacific ျမန္မာ Burmese News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Burmese and English ខ្មែរ Khmer News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Khmer and English Primary Links News Latest stories Features Featured topics Asia Australia Business Pacific Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Featured Programs Pacific Beat Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Search ABC Radio Australia Keywords Advanced search Home \ News Donald Trump's Paris Agreement withdrawal will not stop United States' carbon reduction Donald Trump's Paris Agreement withdrawal will not stop United States' carbon reduction Print Share this story Donald Trump's Paris Agreement withdrawal will not stop United States' carbon reduction Updated 2 June 2017, 14:20 AEST By national affairs correspondent Greg Jennett Now Donald Trump has opted out of the Paris Agreement, it doesn't necessarily follow that the brakes are coming off US carbon emissions, writes Greg Jennett. America's most successful free-wheeling corporate cowboys, and girls, don't care much for governments, their laws and their taxes — they invent, invest, manufacture, buy and sell in spite of such meddlesome annoyances. In hubs along the west coast and in many other places besides, American industry is investing like there is no tomorrow in energy-efficient semi-conductors, cleaner power generation, batteries and electric cars. By one industry estimate, there are 2.2 million American jobs tied up in energy efficiency — from replacing clunky old heating and air conditioning through to the 6,000 workers engaged in geo-thermal power discoveries. The same lobby has even broken the jobs down into "red and blue" states to prove the point that clean energy is as big a deal in the combined Trump mid-west heartland — Ohio, Michigan, Tennessee — as it is in California. An estimated $100 billion is being ploughed into the sector via corporate investments, private equity and venture capital. Like all investors, those putting up the money were anxious that Mr Trump keep America in the Paris Climate Agreement. But now he has opted out, it doesn't necessarily follow that the brakes are coming off US carbon emissions. Eleven per cent in eight years … Could US still meet its target? Barack Obama's national pledge in Paris was to reduce US emissions by 26 to 28 per cent by 2025, using a 2005 measure as the starting point. Pressure from all sides The messy withdrawal from the Paris agreement is a reflection of the pressure the President's been under to both stay in, and pull out, of the deal, writes Zoe Daniel. As America was already striving for a 17 per cent target by 2020, the Paris Agreement meant an extra effort of nine to 11 per cent. Analysts have been quick to cast doubt on whether the goal can be reached once the White House has ripped up the discipline imposed by an international agreement. But there is one certainty Mr Trump's Rose Garden pronouncement does not change: his country is on a course towards carbon reduction that might be slowed, but cannot be stopped. Whether it is Boeing or Chevrolet's pursuit of cleaner, quieter engines, Carrier's invention of more efficient air conditioning or the construction of large lithium-ion battery centres springing up throughout California, there is too much at stake for American industry to turn back on securing some of the roughly $US1.4 trillion global spend on clean energy products. Besides, state governments remain active in carbon reduction through emissions trading, incentives to modernise or convert coal-fired power plants, vehicle fuel standards, rooftop solar incentives and energy-efficient building standards. Where do the dollars go? One of Mr Trump's stated reasons for quitting the Paris Agreement was his objection to the US paying money into the UN's Green Climate Fund (GCF), an investment bank with deposits from wealthier countries to fund climate mitigation works in poorer nations. The fund's board is currently chaired by Australia, which has contributed $200 million. "So we're going to be paying billions and billions and billions of dollars and we're already way ahead of anybody else," Mr Trump said. "Many of the other countries haven't spent anything. And many of them will never pay one dime." What is the Paris climate deal? What did countries say they would do under the terms of the Paris climate accord, and how will it be funded? In his Rose Garden speech, Mr Trump highlighted America's $US20 trillion in debt and referred to UN officials wanting $US100 billion "per year" for the GCF — he also spoke of its executive director aspiring to get funding increases of "$US450 billion per year after 2020". He may fret about future US financial exposure, but failed to mention there is an effective cap on the initial pledge made by Mr Obama when he sought to build international consensus for the Paris meeting. Of the $US3 billion Mr Obama originally committed, only $US1 billion has so far been paid and half of that was made in a last-minute $US500 million payment slipped out on his third-last day in the Oval Office in January. Even without further US contributions, the GCF is meant to have almost $US200 billion in its account by 2020, due to contributions by other governments and private donations. As yet, there are no indications that any country will be asked to make up what appears to be a $US2 billion hole created by Mr Trump's decision. Promises, promises… The President has couched his decision as one that "protects the environment, our companies, our citizens and our country". It certainly fulfils an election promise, but it is not safe to assume that America's companies or its environment need or want the sort of "protection" the White House is providing. The withdrawal suggests the White House is rigidly intent on fulfilling chief strategist Steve Bannon's quest to "deconstruct the administrative state" while ignoring the fact the US economy is propelled by an in-built commercial inertia to decarbonise the atmospheric state. In that conflict, the smart money should be on America's corporate cowboys, its states and its mighty research and development institutions prevailing — that's what they're good at. Topics: Climate Change United States World Politics Share this story Do you need to give feedback or ask a question about this story? Listen Top stories Donald Trump announces US withdrawing from Paris climate deal Manila attack: At least 36 bodies found at Resorts World entertainment complex, local media says Donald Trump administration asks US Supreme Court to revive travel ban Donald Trump signs order keeping US embassy in Tel Aviv, delaying potential Jerusalem move Malcolm Turnbull in Singapore: From orchid diplomacy to global flashpoints Donald Trump's Paris Agreement withdrawal will not stop United States' carbon reduction Teenage girl steals machete, hacks Uber driver to death in Chicago, court hears More top stories Explore ABC Radio Australia Your site: International Change site: Tiếng Việt Tok Pisin Français ျမန္မာ ខ្មែរ ABC Radio Australia on Facebook Connect on Facebook ABC Radio Australia on Twitter Connect on Twitter Radio Australia Follow @RadioAustralia Radio Australia News Follow @RANews News Latest stories Features Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Subscribe Podcasts RSS iTunes Help FAQ Podcasts and RSS Audio and video Using our site World partners: Swissinfo NHK World Radio Canada International Radio Netherlands Worldwide Radio Sweden This service includes material from AAP, Agence France-Presse, APTN, BBC, CNN, Getty, Pacnews, Reuters and other agencies which is copyright and cannot be reproduced, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written consent. Australia Plus Television Radio Australia ABC News ABC International Development ABC Home About the ABC Careers ABC Services Help ABC Contacts © 2015 ABC Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us ח' סיון תשע"ז   |   Thursday, June 1, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Technology Enormous Stratolaunch Aircraft Rolled Out for First Time Enormous Stratolaunch Aircraft Rolled Out for First Time Thursday, June 1, 2017 at 11:25 pm | ז' סיון תשע"ז The newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp./AP) LOS ANGELES (AP) - Billionaire Paul G. Allen’s Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: GIGANTIC The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet (117 meters), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 meters) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380’s wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 meters). WEIGHT AND POWER The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. AIR LAUNCH On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. HISTORY Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and ’60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. WHAT’S NEXT The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. Filed under: Space Print Email Gmail Related India Launches More Than 100 Satellites Into Orbit SpaceX Set to Launch Satellites for European Company New Zealand Test Rocket Makes It to Space But Not to Orbit Billionaires Aim for Cheaper Spaceflight Why Paul Allen Is Building the World’s Largest Airplane More in Technology CarFit Events Help Senior Drivers Find the Best Fit Forget Supersonic: Hypersonic is the U.S. Military’s New Speed First Israeli Environmental Research Satellite on Its Way to Launch No Matter How You Slice It, Preparing Vegetables Is Relaxing ‘That’s a Big One’: Father-Son Team Relocates 40,000 Bees Swarming in Virginia Neighborhood OP-ED The Tune of Tehillim Shavuos — Infinite Fruit Mortal Etiquette vs. Immortal Truth Why Middle East peace starts in Saudi Arabia Close Call? The President’s Proposed New Drone Rules ‘What I Am Doing Is Right’: Remembering an American Hero on Memorial Day Seeking Out Tzaddikim Voting-Rights Activists Should Love the Supreme Court’s Ruling Entitled to Survive The Message From Riyadh A Display of Genuine Friendship Mr. Berman’s Bubby The Guardrails Can’t Contain Trump Features Nichum Aveilim 5 Sivan/May 30 This Day In History 5 Sivan/May 30 Science: How We Know That We Know What We Know Shavuos Treats Sudoku – May 30, 2017 Faye Lehrer-Tusk (Part II) Social Issues at Camp This Day In History 4 Sivan/May 29 So Many Ways To Spell It Nichum Aveilim 4 Sivan/May 29 Editorial Cartoon – May 29, 2017 Sudoku – May 29, 2017 This Day In History 1 Sivan/May 26 Why Isn’t Simchas Torah on Shavuos? Weather » Brooklyn 71°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,246.83 +48.3135 (+0.7794%) S&P 500 2,430.06 +18.26 (+0.76%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.8914 GBP 0.7759 ILS 3.5518 CHF 0.9710 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 76° Overcast Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Dramatic decline Updated: June 01, 2017 - 5:57 am LIHUE — Two of Kauai’s endangered seabird species are in peril, according to a study released Wednesday by the Kauai Endangered Seabird Recovery Project. Comments (3) Scooby to the rescue Updated: June 01, 2017 - 7:47 am KALAHEO — Ronnie Dotario was in the bathroom Friday morning, minding his own business, when he was alarmed by his 5-year-old beagle, Scooby, who wouldn’t stop pestering him. Comments (0) Recent Donut you wish for more Auditor’s office, overtime cut from spending plan Villages at Poipu Phase I at center of decades-long controversy Child critically injured following Anahola crash Kline honored for teaching excellence Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Tati in Fiji finals; Hamilton eliminated Posted: June 01, 2017 - 1:00 am FIJI — Kauai’s Tatiana Weston-Webb reached the final of the Outerknown Fiji Women’s Pro. She will face Courtney Conlogue in the final heat. Comments (0) Sales nervous at opener Posted: June 01, 2017 - 1:00 am KALAHEO — Coach Clarence Sales said he still gets nervous whenever he gets to the gym. Comments (0) Recent Mokihana makes splash on Maui Rifle coach certification class coming Soul Surfer heads to Round 3 Kaui brothers win medals again Barriga tries out wrestling Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Prepare now for hurricane season Posted: May 31, 2017 - 12:05 am Thursday is the official start of hurricane season in the central Pacific region, which includes Hawaii. We have just one suggestion: Be ready, because they are coming. The old adage better safe than sorry certainly works here. Comments (1) Births for Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Posted: May 30, 2017 - 12:00 am Births for April 17-26, 2017 Comments (0) Recent Celebrating the Kalapaki and Nawiliwili areas Talk Story with Gilles Larrain Physicist Dr. Edward Teller speaks on Kauai I scream, you scream, your skin screams for sunscreen A mysterious memo, suspicious partners Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest The music lives on! Posted: May 26, 2017 - 1:15 am Kauai Voices will present “Classics II — The Music Lives On!” next weekend. Comments (0) The Kitchen at Papaya’s Posted: May 26, 2017 - 1:00 am KAPAA — A pair of tacos from The Kitchen at Papaya’s Natural Foods is a perfect way to grind after a salty day in the sunshine. Comments (1) Recent Workday party Let the vinyl years play on Island Calendar for Friday, May 26, 2017 TGIFr!day for May 26, 2017 ‘Sweet’ success Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home News National Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time Story Comments Image (4) Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next HONS Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) HONS Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) HONS Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) HONS Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) Posted: Thursday, June 1, 2017 3:04 pm Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time Associated Press | 0 comments LOS ANGELES (AP) — Billionaire Paul G. Allen's Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: ___ GIGANTIC The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet (117 meters), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 meters) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380's wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 meters). ___ WEIGHT AND POWER The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. ___ AIR LAUNCH On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. ___ HISTORY Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and '60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. ___ WHAT'S NEXT The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business Coastal disappointment, inland joy at Trump climate move ARTICLE: Coastal disappointment, inland joy at Trump climate move 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire More about General News Curry, Durant power Warriors past Cavs in Game 1, 113-91 Curry, Durant power Warriors past Cavs in Game 1, 113-91 Curry, Durant power Warriors past Cavs in Game 1, 113-91 Curry, Durant power Warriors past Cavs in Game 1, 113-91 Curry, Durant power Warriors past Cavs in Game 1, 113-91 More about Science State experiments with court advocates for abused animals State experiments with court advocates for abused animals State experiments with court advocates for abused animals State experiments with court advocates for abused animals ARTICLE: State experiments with court advocates for abused animals Discuss Print   Posted in National on Thursday, June 1, 2017 3:04 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Science, Technology, Space Industry, Aerospace And Defense Industry, Industrial Products And Services, Aeronautics Technology, Aerospace Technology, Industrial Technology, Space Tour Operators, First Time Events, Space Tourism, Leisure Travel, Travel, Lifestyle, Aircraft Manufacturing, Space Launches | Location Tags: California, United States, North America Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories More arrests in Kalalau 8 graduate from Kauai Drug Court Scooby to the rescue Coco Palms takes spotlight at LBA meeting Polihale has some pull All About 60 support group occupying Coco Palms after police issue trespass notices (37) 100 days of President Donald Trump (36) Locals want removal of Kalalau squatters (26) Kagawa: KPD should hire locally (24) Group occupying Coco Palms will continue to be on property (19) Follow us on Facebook Hawaii Yellow Pages Apartments Attorneys Auto Dealers Auto Parts Auto Repair Beauty Salons Car Rental Dentists Doctors Flowers Hotels Insurance Loans Mortgages Movers Pizza Realtors Restaurants Storage Tax Preparation Travel More... Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
  News Magazines Events Industry Calendar Products   Home >> News: June 1st, 2017 >> Story Satnews Daily June 1st, 2017 Bon Chance! Arianespace Celebrates Launch of ViaSat-2 and EUTELSAT 172B Bon chance! and indeed, all went well on a June 1 evening for the Ariane 5 whisking its payload to get ready to transfer the dual-satellite payload of ViaSat-2 and EUTELSAT 172B into geostationary transfer orbit. Liftoff of the Ariane 5 took place at the opening of a one hour window, with the launch marked 23:45 UTC at the Kourou spaceport in French Guiana. This is Arianespace’s sixth mission overall in 2017 in which ViaSat-2 will be released first which is designated Flight VA237 in Arianespace’s launcher family numbering system. The spacecraft, with a liftoff mass estimated at 6,418 kg., will be operated from an orbital position of 70 degrees West by ViaSat, a global broadband services and technology company based in Carlsbad, California. The Boeing-built ViaSat-2 relay platform is designed to bring considerable improvements in terms of speed, lower costs and extended broadband coverage within its footprint, which includes North and Central America, plus the Caribbean, northern South America, and the aeronautical and maritime routes in the Atlantic Ocean between North America and Europe. Completing Flight VA237 will be EUTELSAT 172B’s deployment by Ariane 5. This spacecraft will join the fleet of Paris-based Eutelsat, a leading satellite operator in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and has a liftoff mass set at 3,551 kg. EUTELSAT 172B is to be located at an orbital position of 172 deg. East for Asia-Pacific reach over land and sea from Alaska to Australia, delivering increased capacity for fast-growing applications that include in-flight and maritime connectivity, cellular backhaul, corporate networks, video distribution and government services. The spacecraft was built by Airbus as the initial all-electric telecommunications satellite produced in Europe—and the first of its type to be orbited by Ariane 5. Topical Tags :  Agencies    Launch    Consumer Applications    Satellite Operator    Service Provider      Regional Tags :  Asia/Asia Pacific    Europe    North America             FREE SUBSCRIPTION Today's Top News Success for Airbus Safran Launchers and Arianespace as They Celebrate Third Launch Plug is Pulled ... No-Go for Intelsat and OneWeb Merger ... and Intelsat's Statement ILS Announces, After a Year's Delay, EchoStar XXI Will Finally Launch A Dragon is Scrubbed ... SpaceX's Resupply Mission on Hold 'til Saturday  Bon Chance! Arianespace Celebrates Launch of ViaSat-2 and EUTELSAT 172B More News Success for Airbus Safran Launchers and Arianespace as They Celebrate Third Launch C-COM's Good News ... Listed Again in Branham300 of Canada's Top ICT Companies Cobham Antennas Test the Upper Limits of Intelsat's EpicNG Investment Grant Comes to NanoAvionics for their Smallsat Propulsion System 'Carry On' Says NASA to Blue Canyon Technologies’ RAVAN Cubesat New Signal Generator Debuts from Rohde & Schwarz Totally Tubular, London Tube Passengers Will Access Mobil Phones ... Eliminates 'Not Spots' SkyVision Bringing Gateway Stations to Global IP's GiSat-1 Satellite Network Enhanced Training Data Accuracy from East View Geospatial Orbit Logic's SpyMeSat App Now Offers SAR and 40cm Satellite Imagery Last Week's Top Stories ULA's 53-Foot Tall Future Heavy Rocket to Take 16 Student Payloads Heavenwards Russian Satellites Come to Life After a Year's Silence Hughes to Implement a Turnkey, Fully-Managed IP Network for a Global Organization Thales Alenia Space Has Sent Europasat to French Guiana for June Launch GomSpace to Deliver Two Smallsats to SpaceQuest Rocket Lab Scrubs Test Launch Due to Triboelectrification From Launch Complex 1  India Picks Up Pace to Provide High-Speed Internet with ISRO's New Satellites IoT Going Beyond the Limits of Cellular with the Just Released Iridium Edge™ SpaceX Moves Launch of Iridium's NEXT Satellite Constellation Ahead of Schedule ... 10 at One Time Philippines to Receive a New DTH Service Via ABS and SOLAR Group News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events Global Space Exploration Conference (GLEX 2017) International Paris Air Show NSMMS & CRASTE Joint Conference MilSatCom USA Small Satellite Conference: Small Satellites  Big Data IDGA Maritime ISR Summit Digital Ship Maritime CIO Forum Tokyo
News Weather Sports Culture Travel Cars Real Estate MORE Search News Local News National News Business Sports Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Chad Finn Eric Wilbur Culture Entertainment Events Food Lifestyle News Weather Sports Culture Travel Cars Real Estate Shortcuts Obituaries Traffic Crosswords Jobs Open Houses Horoscopes Globe Newsletters Classified Ads Trending Red Sox Weather Traffic Love Letters Boston Globe Radio BDC Loveletters Careers Classified Ads Site Help Contact ©2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC Share Tweet 5 things to know about the enormous Stratolaunch aircraft 5 things to know about the enormous Stratolaunch aircraft The newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time, Wednesday in Mojave, California. –Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP By JOHN ANTCZAK AP, 7:46 PM LOS ANGELES (AP) — Billionaire Paul G. Allen’s Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: ___ —Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP 1. Gigantic The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet (117 meters), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 meters) long. Advertisement Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380’s wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 meters). ___ 2. Weight and power The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. ___ —Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP 3. Air launch On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. ___ 4. History Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and ’60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. Advertisement More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. ___ —Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP 5. What’s next The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. TOPICS: National News Want to see what readers are saying about our stories? Check out the conversations on Boston.com's Facebook Page Tips? Corrections? Feedback? Email us at tips@boston.com Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds, right to your inbox. Connect with Facebook - or - Thanks for signing up! Continue to the article Privacy Policy Boston Marathon Here are the 2 guide dog puppies named after the 2017 Boston Marathon winners June 1, 2017 | 6:23 PM Local News Boston City Hall was just named one of the 10 most beautiful city halls in the US June 1, 2017 | 5:23 PM Politics Trump says US will abandon global climate accord June 1, 2017 | 3:53 PM Local News Town seeks $93K in unpaid taxes from Aaron Hernandez estate June 1, 2017 | 11:31 AM 2017 Presidents Day Auto Sales Watch: Tiger Woods seen confused, stumbling on police dashcam video June 1, 2017 | 11:04 AM Local News 79-year-old Watertown real estate developer is a fugitive from justice June 1, 2017 | 10:55 AM Local News Brothers’ arrest reveals underbelly of suboxone clinic business June 1, 2017 | 10:45 AM Politics Less tweeting, lawyers beg. 'Covfefe,' the president says. June 1, 2017 | 10:00 AM Local News At war with 7-Eleven? Start a 6-Twelve June 1, 2017 | 9:08 AM Local News Boston scraps summit on climate with China June 1, 2017 | 9:02 AM Business GE unveils plans to revive abandoned Fort Point pedestrian bridge June 1, 2017 | 8:53 AM Local News How police are protecting drug-sniffing dogs from an overdose June 1, 2017 | 8:35 AM Local News 81-year-old woman found dead in Needham apartment June 1, 2017 | 7:46 AM Local News Police: 3 girls fall ill after eating brownies at dance June 1, 2017 | 7:31 AM National News 10 things to know for today June 1, 2017 | 6:23 AM Politics Comey OK'd to testify; House committee issues subpoenas June 1, 2017 | 3:43 AM Local News Massachusetts wrestler avoids jail time after teen's assault June 1, 2017 | 2:07 AM Education Trustee shake-up underway at BC High School May 31, 2017 | 9:46 PM Local News Harvard Square Theater would be replaced with new building, cinema May 31, 2017 | 9:43 PM Local News New England's last big coal-burning power plant switches off May 31, 2017 | 9:30 PM Crime Charlestown man pleads guilty to charge in boat propeller amputation May 31, 2017 | 9:26 PM Politics Clinton quip on 'covfefe': It was a message to the Russians May 31, 2017 | 9:20 PM National News Obamas buy house they were renting in DC neighborhood May 31, 2017 | 8:58 PM Health How a 1980 letter fueled the opioid epidemic May 31, 2017 | 8:36 PM Media Among the job cuts at The New York Times, the public editor May 31, 2017 | 8:20 PM Politics In Mass., it's not just Democrats urging Trump to stay in the Paris agreement May 31, 2017 | 7:44 PM Local News These are the most misspelled words in New England, according to Google May 31, 2017 | 4:50 PM Local News ‘She always wanted to be around her mom,’ neighbor says of Bella Bond May 31, 2017 | 12:24 PM Local News In a first for Mass., undocumented immigrant seeks refuge in Cambridge church May 31, 2017 | 10:22 AM Politics White House official: Trump plans to pull US from Paris deal May 31, 2017 | 9:01 AM Twitter Facebook ? ©2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business Election 2017 Tech Science selected Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Science & Environment Science & Environment ViaSat-2: Satellite goliath goes into orbit By Jonathan Amos BBC Science Correspondent 2 June 2017 From the section Science & Environment These are external links and will open in a new window Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-40123180 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright ARIANESPACE Image caption The Ariane lifted away from its pad during a tropical rain shower The most powerful commercial broadband satellite ever built has just gone into orbit on an Ariane rocket. ViaSat-2, which is to be stationed above the Americas, has a total throughput capacity of about 300 gigabits per second. The spacecraft was part of a dual payload on the Ariane flight. It was joined by Eutelsat 172B, a UK/French-built platform to go over the Pacific. Both satellites will be chasing the rampant market for wi-fi on aeroplanes. Airlines are currently in a headlong rush to equip their fleets with connections that will allow passengers to use their mobile devices in mid-air. More than 6,000 commercial aircraft worldwide were offering an onboard wi-fi service in 2016; it is expected more than 17,000 will be doing so by 2021. In-flight internet has traditionally had a terrible reputation, but there is a feeling now that the latest technology really can give passengers a meaningful slice of bandwidth and at a competitive price. Inmarsat rides SpaceX Falcon Intelsat rolls out next-gen system Image copyright VIASAT Image caption Artwork: ViaSat-2 will be positioned 36,000km above the equator at 69 degrees West The Ariane left the Kourou spaceport in French Guiana at 20:45 local time, Thursday (23:45 GMT), ejecting the satellites into their transfer orbits about half an hour later. Both must now get themselves into their final positions. Noteworthy is the fact that ViaSat-2 and 172B will be using electric engines to do this. These work by accelerating and expelling ions at high speed. The process provides less thrust than a standard chemical engine, but saves substantially on propellant mass. Image copyright AIRBUS DS Image caption Eutelsat-172B is the first satellite from Airbus to use all-electric propulsion for orbit-raising and station-keeping That saving can be traded to get either a lower-priced launch ticket, or to pack even greater capacity into the satellite's communications payload for no additional weight. The US, Boeing-built ViaSat-2 uses a mix of chemical and electric propulsion, but Eutelsat's platform is all-electric - the first such design to come from Europe's biggest space manufacturer, Airbus. ViaSat-2 will be providing broadband services to fixed customers across North America, Central America, the Caribbean, and a portion of northern South America. But the satellite is also configured to service planes and ships, and in particular it is looking to grab a significant share of business out over the Atlantic. The aviation sector currently is a key battleground for satellite operators; it is where they are seeing double-digit growth. In the US, working with airlines such as JetBlue, ViaSat has already found success through its existing high-throughput ViaSat-1 spacecraft. With the extra capacity on ViaSat-2, it aims to do better still. "We think people want to use their devices in the air the way they do on the ground; that's the bet we've made," said ViaSat Chief Operating Officer Rick Baldridge. "JetBlue delayed their in-flight wi-fi offering, waiting for us, and now they're giving it away for free and we're providing 12 megabits per second to every seat, including streaming video," he told BBC News. ViaSat-2's "footprint" touches the western coast of Europe, but aeroplanes travelling further east will be handed seamlessly to a better-positioned Eutelsat spacecraft, which should enable passengers to stay connected all the way across to Turkey if needs be. This is one of the benefits of the strategic alliance that the two satellite companies have formed. And in time this will see the pair operate a ViaSat-3 platform together over Europe. This spacecraft is being built to have a total throughput capacity of one terabit per second. Image copyright AIRBUS DS Image caption 172B has a 3D printed bracket (far right) holding an antenna to the satellite. This component is 35% lighter than the conventionally produced bracket (far left) From its position very close to the International Date Line, Eutelsat's 172B spacecraft is going to target - amongst other business - the flight corridors of the Asia-Pacific region. And it has some very smart British technology to do this in the form of a multi port amplifier. This can flexibly switch power between the satellite's 11 spot beams to make sure the available bandwidth is always focused where it is needed most - whether that be on the planes moving east-west from Japan to California, say, or when they go in the other direction as a cluster at a different time of day. "To oversimplify, in-flight connectivity has mostly been restricted to the US. But now it is expanding into the Asia-Pacific region and it's also coming to Europe," said Rodolphe Belmer, Eutelsat's chief executive officer. "We see spontaneous demand from airlines and it's booming. It's true the technology hasn't always delivered, but you will see with the introduction of very high throughput satellites in the next few years that we will be able to… bring a massive quantity of bandwidth onboard the plane, meaning you can stream Netflix in HD. That's a game-changer." Image copyright Getty Images Image caption In-flight connectivity is a key battleground for the satellite operators Euroconsult is one of the world's leading analyst groups following the satellite industry. Its research confirms the rapid growth now taking place, and says this will only accelerate. Euroconsult's recent report on in-flight-connectivity (IFC) predicted nearly half of all commercial planes would be enabled by 2021, pushing revenues for the suppliers of onboard services from $1bn to $6.5bn inside 10 years. But Euroconsult's CEO, Pacôme Revillon, said there will be winners and losers in this IFC race and this would likely be decided in the very near future. "Going to 2020, approximately 50% of aircraft could have opted for their chosen connectivity solutions, and certainly all of the major airlines will have made that choice. By that stage the market share could decide who are the winners and losers, and we anticipate seeing some consolidation in this sector, with two to three companies coming to dominate the market," he told BBC News. Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos Related Topics Broadband Airbus Group Internet Aerospace Engineering Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn Top Stories Global dismay at US climate deal pullout European leaders, businesses and the UN condemn President Trump's decision. 2 June 2017 PM 'disappointed' at Trump climate move 2 June 2017 Bodies found after Manila casino attack 2 June 2017 Features Matt McGrath: A baseball bat to the Paris accord News Daily: Trump's climate call The British student who wants you to study in North Korea Election blind dates: Whittingdale and Phillips The young Japanese working themselves to death 7 days quiz: What did Joaquin forget? Video The Olympic sport that time forgot Is India's ban on beef 'food fascism'? How has the fitness video adapted to the YouTube age? News navigation Sections Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru Parliaments World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Election 2017 Election 2017 Home Constituencies Reality Check Poll Tracker Manifesto Guide Cymru Tech Science selected Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:05 GMT +302 June 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search BREAKING: WikiLeaks Releases New Batch of CIA Documents From "Pandemic" Project SilentHawk: DARPA’s Stealth Dirt Bike Speeds Closer to Reality © Logos Technologies Military & Intelligence 03:24 02.06.2017(updated 09:00 02.06.2017) Get short URL 267982 Logos Technologies, the company hard at work on prototypes for electric military motorcycles for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, said that the ultra-quiet two-wheelers are near completion. "The idea is to have two test motorcycles," Doug Rombough, vice president of business development for Logos, told Stars and Stripes. The vehicles, which will also carry equipment, will be equipped with front-wheel drive.  © AP Photo/ Northrop Grumman Corp Space Ghost: Boeing and DARPA Team Up for New Hypersonic Spaceplane Since 2015 Logos has been developing the hybrid electric dirt bike known as the SilentHawk, and is also making progress on a multi-fuel hybrid with an air-cooled engine, as well as an all-electric motorcycle. The SilentHawk’s drive system will make it easier to start the vehicle on a steep hill, which for a conventional motorcycle is typically a difficult task, according to lead engineer Alex Dzwill. He said, "On a typical dirt bike you would use a ton of power trying to move in sand … With the front-wheel drive you can climb out of it without using too much power." The recreation dirt bike on which the SilentHawk is based was created by Alta Motors in California. It weighs 267 pounds and costs $15,000. © Photo: Pixabay 'Watt' a Shocker! New DARPA Project Seeks to Electrically Rewire Human Brains Dzwill said that on off-road terrain the bike has a range of 40-50 miles, which increases to 170 miles once a multi-fuel generator is added. He also noted that it will be able to power electronic equipment in the field and that the range extender will be easy to remove and replace. Rombough said, "Soldiers could be sitting on a hill and top up the battery with the generator and charge up other gear … They are carrying more and more equipment that has to be powered so it’s a great benefit." He added that the US Marine Corps and Army, as well as foreign militaries have expressed interest in the SilentHawk, though Logos still has a year to develop the vehicle. "The DARPA program calls for a lightweight, rugged, single-track vehicle that can operate near-silently for extended periods while transporting small numbers of troops over hostile terrain," according to Logos. "Operators will benefit from the near-silent capability and ease of operation of an all-electric vehicle, along with the adaptable power generation and extended range of a multifuel internal combustion engine. The bike will also offer the capability to provide supplemental power for electric devices in the field." ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 82 Related: DARPA Military Orders Software to Dramatically Boost Computing Power Catch and Release: Darpa’s Reusable Gremlin Drones to Lower Costs Pentagon’s DARPA Tests Underwater Drone Positioning System Pentagon’s DARPA Develops Kit Turning Aircraft Into Drones Cosplay in the Surveillance State: DARPA Tests Radiation Detection System Tags: motorcycle, Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:59Russian Investment Fund Expects Investor Demand From Sovcomflot Privatization 09:47Russia Hopes Western Gas Route Contract Talks With China Reach Final Stage 09:47Kurdish Independence Vote to Have No Effect On Oil Prices - Iraqi Oil Minister 09:45WikiLeaks Releases New Batch of CIA Documents on Hacking Tools 09:41Clinton Calls Trump's Decision to Pull Out of Climate Deal 'Historic Mistake'All news UK's New Aircraft Carrier Specially Designed to Allow It to 'Duck' Under Bridges 10025 Russian Navy Launches Cruise Missiles From Sub on Daesh Targets Near Palmyra 9804 Trump Offers Moscow a Way Out of the Ukrainian Stalemate – Can Russia Trust Him? 7754 Why Russia Unleashed Kalibr Cruise Missiles on Daesh in Palmyra 7125 Daesh Militants Leave Raqqa, Cross Euphrates - Russian Military 6743All news Clapper: Russians ‘Genetically Driven’ to Interfere in Elections 71 Trump Offers Moscow a Way Out of the Ukrainian Stalemate – Can Russia Trust Him? 36 ‘Not Why I Lost’: Hillary Blames Literally Everyone But Herself for Defeat 35 Daesh Militants Leave Raqqa, Cross Euphrates - Russian Military 30 Putin Not Ruling Out US Troop Presence on Kurils if Islands Controlled by Japan 25All news Recommended News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Blond Bombshells: Female Politicians Who Rock Fair Hair No Difference? New Russian Weaponry: Support Vehicles Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes News provided by Avcorp Industries Inc. 01 Jun, 2017, 18:58 ET Share this article VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ - Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the "Company", "Avcorp" or the "Avcorp Group") today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim's deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers' needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented "It's critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud's level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I'm looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation." About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world's leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company's unaudited financial statements contained in the Company's Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation's customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation's ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation's ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation's access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com 17 Mar, 2017, 18:58 ET Preview: Avcorp Extends Credit Facilities to US$58 Million My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 16 Mar, 2017, 19:07 ET Avcorp Extends Credit Facilities to US$58 Million 16 Mar, 2017, 19:07 ET Avcorp announces the resignation of Ray Castelli Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Personnel Announcements You just read: Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes News provided by Avcorp Industries Inc. 01 Jun, 2017, 18:58 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Latest News Dow 21,144 +135.53 +0.65% Nasdaq 6,247 +48.31 +0.78% S&P 500 2,430 +18.26 +0.76% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.6% higher at 12,741.30 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.5% higher at 5,343.43 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.5% higher at 7,577.15 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 392.16 2:31 A.M. ET Updated When is the U.K. election, and when do we know who won? 2:29 A.M. ET Updated Ignore the jitters — The Tories will win the U.K. election 2:28 A.M. ET Updated Theresa May is doing a great Hillary Clinton impersonation with her campaign 2:27 A.M. ET Updated U.K. election: The nightmare, best-case and most likely scenarios for stocks worldwide 2:24 A.M. ET Updated 5 things to know about the U.K. general election next week 2:16 A.M. ET China steps up support for the yuan in fixing 2:16 A.M. ET Inmarsat to make another GX satellite 1:17 A.M. ET Updated Mr. Met teaches us we are all one iPhone video away from being fired 1:05 A.M. ET Updated Being under surveillance changes our behavior — and not for the better 1:05 A.M. ET Updated Who wins under the law — a beneficiary on a life insurance policy or on a divorce decree? 1:04 A.M. ET Oil prices stay weak as investors return to worries over rising production 12:34 A.M. ET Updated The CDC issues warning about a nasty chlorine-resistant parasite lurking in swimming pools 12:34 A.M. ET Updated Republican states have lower credit scores than Democratic states, but carry less debt 12:33 A.M. ET Updated What Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris Agreement means for your wallet 6/01 Updated 34 reported dead in botched casino robbery in Philippines 6/01 Nikkei shoots above 20,000 mark as Asian markets soar Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes By Published: June 1, 2017 6:58 p.m. ET Share VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ - Avcorp Industries Inc. (AVP) (the "Company", "Avcorp" or the "Avcorp Group") today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim's deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers' needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented "It's critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud's level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I'm looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation." About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world's leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‘weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company's unaudited financial statements contained in the Company's Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation's customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation's ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation's ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation's access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage This chart spells out in black and white just how many jobs will be lost to robots When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Trump’s fossil fuel focus has driven investors to environmental ETFs Most Popular Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Blue Apron IPO to test Wall Street’s appetite for lazy people’s favorite tech startups Elon Musk says he’s leaving White House councils as Trump quits Paris climate deal What Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris Agreement means for your wallet Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 28 P/SUNNY TOKYO (3 p.m.) Markets 111.64 ¥/$ (3 p.m.) News 購読の申し込み SUBSCRIBE Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Support About us Faqs Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Business Enormous Stratolaunch rolled out for first time for preflight checks AP Jun 2, 2017 Article history Online: Jun 02, 2017 Last Modified: Jun 02, 2017 PRINT SHARE LOS ANGELES – Billionaire Paul G. Allen’s Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: ___ GIGANTIC The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet (117 meters), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 meters) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380’s wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 meters). ___ WEIGHT AND POWER The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kg) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kg) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kg). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. ___ AIR LAUNCH On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kg) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites, which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. ___ HISTORY Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and ’60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. ___ WHAT’S NEXT The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. Photos Click to enlarge Keywords Richard Branson, Stratolaunch, satellites, Orbital, Paul Allen Business SoftBank in talks with Canada, Mideast firms to raise $7 billion for tech fund Amazon comes knocking on remote Australia, where brick-and-mortar retailers are king Japan’s big firms kick off job interviews with 2018 recruits Ghibli theme park scheduled to open on former Aichi expo site in 2020s Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Judge calls Trump administration’s deportation order for businessman in Hawaii ‘inhumane’ Takayasu celebrates promotion to sumo’s second-highest rank Takayasu’s rise built on solid family support Passport rules on maiden names to ease for married women High-profile journalist with close Abe ties accused of rape Japan’s ultralow jobless rate masks grim reality Prime Minister Abe unveils government push to solve day care crunch Japan violating anti-smoking treaty by bowing to tobacco industry, expert says Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Climate change Conservative leadership Teething necklaces Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif., on May 31, 2017. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) John Antczak, The Associated Press Published Thursday, June 1, 2017 4:57PM EDT LOS ANGELES -- Billionaire Paul G. Allen's Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: ------ GIGANTIC The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totalling 117 metres, longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch nearly 73 metres. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat -- nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s -- has a 97.5-metre wingspan and is just under 67 metres long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380's wings span nearly 80 metres. ------ WEIGHT AND POWER The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 226,799 kilograms empty, can carry 113,399 kilograms of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 589,676 kilograms. It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. ------ AIR LAUNCH On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the centre of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 453.6 kilograms to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. ------ HISTORY Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and '60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. ------ WHAT'S NEXT The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. Related Links Stratolaunch website Photos Stratolaunch aircraft in Mojave, Calif., on May 31, 2017. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) Stratolaunch aircraft in Mojave, Calif., on May 31, 2017. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News for Thursday, June 1, 2017 Air Date: June 1, 2017 false Blocked duct or possible sign of breast cancer? Air Date: May 31, 2017 false CTV National News: National weather snapshot Air Date: June 1, 2017 false CTV National News: Trump pulls out of agreement Air Date: June 1, 2017 false CTV National News: The Constitution question Air Date: June 1, 2017 false CTV National News: Reaction to Trump's decision Air Date: June 1, 2017 false Police probing deadly attack at Filipino resort Air Date: June 1, 2017 false CTV National News: Wettlaufer admits to murders Air Date: June 1, 2017 false CTV Montreal: Trump bet’s off Air Date: June 1, 2017 false CTV National News: Aid for softwood lumber workers Air Date: June 1, 2017 false Former nurse admits to crimes in confession tape Air Date: June 1, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Canada's 'Sgt. Pepper' Air Date: June 1, 2017 More News from Sci-Tech Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time Scientists spot rare gravity waves for the third time L.A. subway tunnel diggers find bone of ancient giant sloth France warns of risk of 'permanent war' in cyberspace Storms delay SpaceX station delivery using recycled capsule Humans pose ever-bigger extinction risk to animals: review Join the conversation... Advertisement CTV News Video Network false Trump withdraws from Paris Accord, putting America first false McKenna: 'No one country' can stop action on climate change false Wettlaufer's chilling confession heard as she pleads guilty false Man. First Nation gets new homes six years after flood CTV National News for June 1: Trump pulls out of Paris pact Most Popular Stories 1 Amber teething necklaces pose strangulation risk for babies: study 2 'We're getting out': U.S. President Trump on Paris climate accord 12 3 Conservatives blame 'human error' for apparent leadership vote discrepancies 4 Ontario vet faces 16 animal cruelty charges: OSPCA 5 'Rock-and-rolling' weather, more mosquitoes this summer: Phillips 3 6 How U.S. policy could affect carbon emissions and where Canada stands 7 Convicted killer Karla Homolka spent time in Montreal elementary school 4 8 Food for thought: 5 things chefs avoid at restaurants 9 Ex-engineer not guilty of criminal negligence in Ontario mall collapse 3 10 Lucky streak: Mother and son both survive lightning strikes 2 Don't Miss false Sgt. Pepper turns 50: Beatles album released today in 1967 false All bets off: Lotto Quebec ordered to withdraw Trump wager false B.C. man survives after being struck by lightning CANADA B.C. NDP leader calls on BC Hydro to not finalize controversial Site C contracts 6 years after flood, Manitoba First Nation gets new homes Homeless men learn urban beekeeping in Montreal program WORLD Illinois man who used emojis to advise killers set to be sentenced UN looks to blacklist 15 North Koreans over nuclear, missile programs Venezuela's president asks top aides to lead constitution rewrite ENTERTAINMENT Ron Howard to direct film about Luciano Pavarotti Netflix cancels 'Sense 8' PM Trudeau to appear on 'Live with Kelly and Ryan' HEALTH Amber teething necklaces pose strangulation risk for babies: study U.S. officials OK option for men with HIV to father children Child booster seat laws should be consistent across Canada to minimize injuries, deaths: study POLITICS Exclusive Conservatives blame 'human error' for apparent leadership vote discrepancies Winery owners' arrest a warning for Canadians in China: daughter Ottawa announces $867M package for lumber sector SCI-TECH Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time Scientists spot rare gravity waves for the third time L.A. subway tunnel diggers find bone of ancient giant sloth BUSINESS Retirees at Ont. General Electric plant see hope for health claims Asian markets rally ahead of U.S. job numbers Federal housing agency beefing up ability to detect mortgage fraud, CEO says AUTOS Toyota recalls 36,000 Tacoma pickups for stalling risk Canadian auto sales up a record 11.2 per cent over last May Hamilton road voted worst in Ontario for 2017 in CAA survey SPORTS New book counts how many punches Muhammad Ali took Curry, Durant power Warriors past Cavaliers in 113-91 win Injured Bouchard out at French Open Lifestyle Sixth-grader wins Scripps National Spelling Bee Food for thought: 5 things chefs avoid at restaurants Divine dribbler: Irish nun, police officer play soccer in viral video CTV News on the Go false Police probing deadly attack at Filipino resort Former nurse admits to crimes in confession tape The U.S. president pulls out of Paris climate deal In Pictures   Eyebombing: Googly eyes bring objects to life Faith Hill and Tim McGraw heat up Vancouver Homes of the Month: Condos for $500K Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Pence's Pilots Landed Too Far Down LaGuardia Runway in Crash by Alan Levin @AlanLevin1 More stories by Alan Levin June 1, 2017, 4:30 PM EDT June 1, 2017, 5:41 PM EDT NTSB releases factual reports on October skidding incident ‘My career just ended,’ captain says on voice recorder Vice President Mike Pence’s charter pilots flew thousands of feet too far down a New York airport runway last October before touching down and skidding into a bed designed to prevent aircraft from sliding onto an adjacent highway. “Down, down, down, down,” the plane’s captain implored the copilot, who was at the controls of the Boeing Co. 737-700 just a few feet over the LaGuardia Airport runway, according to a transcript of the voice recorder released on Thursday. The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board released reports detailing the pilots’ actions, the weather and the plane’s performance. The accident investigation agency hasn’t yet concluded the cause of the Oct. 27 incident. None of the nine crew members and 39 passengers, including Pence, were hurt. The  Eastern Air Lines Group Inc. pilots landed on a rainy night with a tail-wind, which can make it harder to slow down. After the aircraft came to a stop, both the pilots said they should have aborted the touchdown rather than attempting to land with such little stopping distance remaining, according to the cockpit transcript. The plane’s flight data showed it touched down 4,242 feet (1,293 meters) beyond the start of the runway, more than half way down the 7,001-foot landing strip’s length, according to NTSB. Touchdown Regrets “My career just ended,” Captain Robert Galloway said seconds after the plane came to a stop. “We should have went around,” copilot Diego Restrepo replied, referring to aborting the touchdown, a flight procedure known as a go-around. Galloway agreed. While the multiple reports issued by NTSB didn’t attempt to identify causes of the incident, performance of the flight crew will be a focus. The plane leveled off as it neared the ground -- which Boeing’s flight manual said should be avoided. It also was flying higher than the recommended path to the runway, according to NTSB. Pilots are generally supposed to break off a landing if that happens. In addition, the captain took control of the plane after the touchdown, but didn’t announce what he was doing, according to the records. The touchdown was farther down the runway than the 3,000 feet NTSB had initially estimated in a preliminary report Nov. 22. Boeing recommends landing within 2,333 feet of the start of the LaGuardia runway, according to NTSB records. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump to Exit Climate Pact as Allies Deride Call for Do-Over Wal-Mart Asks Employees to Deliver Packages on Their Way Home S&P, Moody's Downgrade Illinois to Near Junk, Lowest Ever for a U.S. State Trump Takes Battle Over Travel Ban to Nation’s Highest Court Musk Makes Good on Pledge to Dump Trump Over Paris Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Lockheed Sees $28 Billion from Saudi Weapons Sales; Boeing Sees $50 Billion By Paul Ausick June 1, 2017 2:05 pm EDT Print Email Tweet At a conference in New York Wednesday, Lockheed Martin Corp. (NYSE: LMT) CEO Marillyn Hewson said she could see up to $28 billion in new business for Lockheed alone as a result of President Trump’s recent announcement that the Saudis would purchase up to $110 billion in weapons from the United States. Not to be outdone, Boeing Co.’s (NYSE: BA) CEO Dennis Muilenburg reportedly said Boeing’s share of the Saudi pie could be worth more than $50 billion, including both military and commercial sales. He did not specify the value of the military portion by itself. A large portion of these estimates are no doubt down to maintenance and sustainment deals that can run for periods as long as 30 years, so don’t expect either company’s revenues to surge over the next quarter or two. In fact, the sustainment part of these kinds of deals typically amounts to 70% of the total value. Foreign weapons sales take a long to time to negotiate and a long time to deliver. Congress must be notified of a pending deal and that is a potential minefield. If the sale is not stopped there, then the contracts must be drawn up between the manufacturer and the country before manufacturing and delivery begin. Payments for the hardware typically begin when the contract is signed, followed by a future payment when the actual unit gets to the assembly line, and then the final payment is received when the system is delivered. Then the sustainment payments begin. In 2012 the Saudis received the okay to acquire 25 C-130 aircraft, some as tankers and some the basic cargo hauler. So far the country has purchased just two, and the rest likely fall under this newly announced deal. Lockheed’s Hewson told Aerospace Daily that the Saudis are looking for four multimission warships and Lockheed is proposing a variant of its Littoral Combat Ship. Lockheed and a Saudi state company also agreed to form a joint venture to support final assembly and completion of about 150 S-70 Black Hawk utility helicopters. She also said that Lockheed’s THAAD and PAC-3 missile systems may be on the Saudi shopping list. There has been no report of what Boeing might be selling to Saudi Arabia, but expect to hear something soon. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Why Minerva Shares Are Climbing UnitedHealth, Goldman Sachs Push DJIA Higher Thursday » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Politics, Saudi Arabia, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Lockheed Martin Corp (NYSE:LMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States Where the Most People Have Green Cards 25 Cities With the Healthiest Diets Counties Where the American Dream Is Dead How Many People Are Alive From the Year You Were Born The Most Dangerous City in Every State Recent Fiat’s Crippling Sales Decline Continues Waymo To Build Self-Driving Trucks Countries Doing the Most (and Least) to Protect the Environment Thursday’s Biggest Winners & Losers in the S&P 500 Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Dragging Movie Theaters Down With Retail Is a Big Mistake I Still Can't Believe Verizon Spent $200 Million on go90 Workday, Inc. Raises Guidance After Another Good Quarter Tintri seeks to raise $100 mln via initial public offering Blue Apron applied to list on NYSE under symbol "APRN" Blue Apron Holdings files for an initial public offering Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised World stocks hit record high as upbeat data boosts confidence The Latest: Fiji's leader disappointed by Trump decision Trump Keeps Citing A Paris Agreement Study That Seriously Misses The Point Disney CEO Joins Elon Musk In Ditching Trump Over Paris Withdrawal Man Who Hates 7-Eleven With A Passion Opens Up 6-Twelve Instead Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Shopping Jobs Driving Homes Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time     By John Antczak, The Associated Press June 1, 2017     Story Photos ( 2 )     In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) LOS ANGELES — Billionaire Paul G. Allen's Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: ___ GIGANTIC The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totalling 385 feet (117 metres), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 metres) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380's wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 metres). ___ WEIGHT AND POWER The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. ___ AIR LAUNCH On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the centre of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. ___ HISTORY Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and '60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. ___ WHAT'S NEXT The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019.       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *   Previous Next     In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP)       E-mail this Gallery Print this Gallery Share this Gallery         Photo Galleries »   Leonard Cohen Photos: Leonard Cohen honoured... Leonard Cohen is honoured at the Glenn Gould Prize... more »   Gallery: Italian cruise ship disaster... Passengers leapt into the sea and fought over lifejackets... more »   Photos: Deadly winds hit U.K. One man dies as winds of over 160kph hit Britain and... more » Video: Winds batter Britain Toronto issues 'extreme' cold alert as mercury to drop to -16C   Gallery: Republican candidates... Republican presidential candidates race across Iowa... more »     More Photo Galleries »     Related Topics   business Los Angeles The Canadian Press         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   SES Networks and GTMaritime Launch New Connectivity Service Lynparza (olaparib) Maintenance Treatment Offers Sustained Quality of Life alongside Improved Progression-Free Survival in Women with BRCA-Mutated Ovarian Cancer Covalon Chairman Announces Exercise of Warrants and Acquisition of Additional Shares and Warrants           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
MetroNews Canada MetroNews Canada Sorry, MetroNews.ca requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and refresh the page for an optimal experience. Home News Calgary Edmonton Halifax Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Canada World Views Entertainment Life Food Money Health Travel Technology Careers Wheels.ca Business Sports Your Home Horoscopes Games Features Special Features Contests Flyers News / World Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time Share on Facebook A A Share via Email Print By: John Antczak The Associated Press Published on LOS ANGELES — Billionaire Paul G. Allen's Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: ___ GIGANTIC The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totalling 385 feet (117 metres ), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 metres ) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380's wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 metres ). ___ WEIGHT AND POWER The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. ___ AIR LAUNCH On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the centre of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. ___ HISTORY Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and '60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. ___ WHAT'S NEXT The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. Editors' Picks Video: Frustrated Mr. Met flips off fans at Citi Field Pulling trucks and lifting boulders: Calgary women train for Strongman competition Wonder Woman: The film and its star live up to a lofty name Meet the new King of the Island, the peacock named Eyeball More on Metronews.ca Most Popular 5 simple ways to help the honey bees Canadian director of Captain Underpants is still a child at heart Edmonton to bring goats to park this summer as part of weed-killing project Barrie police suspect 26-year-old's death linked to carfentanil Back to Mobile About About Us Contact Careers RSS Feeds Terms Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Code Metronews.ca My Metro Store Contests Metro Panel Special Features FAQ © Copyright Free Daily News Group Inc. 2001-2017 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: New diagnosis for VA•Navy revamps pay & promotions rubrik•Former WWE exec leads SBA Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled… Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time By JOHN ANTCZAK June 1, 2017 9:04 pm 3 min read Share LOS ANGELES (AP) — Billionaire Paul G. Allen’s Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: ___ GIGANTIC Download our online chat with Col. Brandon Pearce, chief information security officer for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. Advertisement The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet (117 meters), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 meters) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380’s wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 meters). ___ WEIGHT AND POWER The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). The true impact of cutting EPA's budget. It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. ___ AIR LAUNCH On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. ___ HISTORY Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and ’60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. ___ WHAT’S NEXT The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. Related Topics Business News Lifestyle News Science News Technology News U.S. News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories TSP board to move L fund to 5-year increments Top Story Details emerging for EPA’s early retirement, incentive payouts Workforce White House grants 14 ethics waivers to staff People Cyber Mission Forces try to manipulate cyber terrain with new policy Defense News DHS cancels $1.5B contract for agile services Contracts/Awards Fed Photo of the Day Labor Secretary discusses apprenticeships at Milton Manufacturing Today in History 1812: James Madison asks Congress to declare War on the United Kingdom THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Jun 01, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9541 0.0280 2.80% L 2020 25.6757 0.0752 4.59% L 2030 28.7196 0.1339 6.52% L 2040 30.9804 0.1712 7.46% L 2050 17.7932 0.1130 8.30% G Fund 15.3364 0.0010 0.98% F Fund 17.8818 -0.0149 2.57% C Fund 33.8068 0.2581 8.67% S Fund 43.7418 0.7113 4.96% I Fund 28.1962 0.0750 14.31% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
The Colorado Springs GazetteThe Gazette is Colorado Springs's most trusted source for breaking news, sports, weather, obituaries, politics, business, art, entertainment, blogs, video, photos. Save this content for laterSave this content on your device for later, even while offline Sign in with GoogleSign in with your Google account Sign in with FacebookSign in with your Facebook account Close Search Fewer ads, faster browsing SUBSCRIBE TODAY! Subscribe Login Fri, Jun 2, 2017 News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Photo/Video Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Campaign to raise $15 million for Pikes Peak Summit House will cost nearly $1 million Free doughnuts, great deals for National Doughnut Day in Colorado Springs Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Top Sports Stories Gazette Preps Peak Performers Paul Klee Woody Paige David Ramsey Air Force Academy Broncos Colorado College Baseball Olympics Switchbacks FC Brent Briggeman's Blog Scott Kaniewski's Blog Paul Klee's Blog Joe Paisley's Blog David Ramsey's Blog Matt Wiley's Blog The Gazette Girls' Golf Peak Performer: Arielle Keating, Rampart Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Colorado Springs jobless rate is low, but veterans still face challenges finding jobs Colorado Springs homebuilding rebounds in May Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight AROUND TOWN: Broadmoor Garden Club program leads guests through 59 National Parks Colorado Springs vegan cookbook author heats things up with air fryer recipes Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Must See Must Do: Test the waters at Uncle Wilber Fountain, run in the mud, celebrate a headless chicken Northern Colorado festival offers trip back to medieval times Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Pikes Peak region forecast Care and Share ramps up its Summer Mobile Food Pantries program in Colorado Springs Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Shop Local Businesses Shop Local Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Politics Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News 2017 Graduation View galleries for local high schools and colleges News: Local News Free doughnuts, great deals for National Doughnut Day in Colorado Springs Thu, Jun 1, 2017 - 7:01 PM 0 While Pi(e) Day on March 14 has come and passed, a lesser known "holiday" for sweet tooth connoisseurs everywhere is just around the corner. Friday is... 7 best places to get doughnuts in and around Colorado Springs The Gazette Girls' Golf Peak Performer: Arielle Keating, Rampart Thu, Jun 1, 2017 - 10:28 PM 0 Arielle Keating needed to make up her mind. A weekend at Augusta National helped steer the then-sophomore at Rampart toward the game of golf as a single pursuit. "I... The Gazette Girls' Golf Coach of the Year: Shane Brown, Pine Creek News: Local News Free summer meals provide assistance to Colorado Springs families Thu, Jun 1, 2017 - 5:30 PM 0 Holding a bag of food seemingly half his size, 12-year-old Jorge Gachuzo talked about how generosity takes away some of his family's worries about paying... Campaign to raise $15 million for Pikes Peak Summit House will cost nearly $1 million Thu, Jun 1, 2017 - 9:48 PM 0 When it comes to plans for a new Pikes Peak Summit House, even the fundraising tab will be... El Paso County reaction to climate accord withdrawal: "Atrocious" to no big deal Thu, Jun 1, 2017 - 9:17 PM 0 From dismay to nonchalance, local reactions on the Paris climate accord withdrawal appeared... Trump pulling US from global climate pact, dismaying allies Latest Local Colorado man gets life in prison for strangling toddler By: The Associated Press - 5 hr ago Colorado military veterans will now get college credit for what they learn while serving their country By: MONTE WHALEY, The Denver Post - 6 hr ago New Colorado laws will provide help for at risk adults, kids in trouble By: Joey Bunch - 7 hr ago Woman accuses CU of covering up domestic abuse allegations By: The Associated Press - 8 hr ago Colorado toughens penalties for texting while driving By: The Associated Press - 8 hr ago Grant boosts Colorado Springs' plans for Legacy Loop By: Seth Boster - 8 hr ago Two CDOT workers described as heroes for trucker rescue in I-25 fire By: Kaitlin Durbin - 8 hr ago Top Stories Unflappable Ananya Vinay wins National Spelling Bee By: BEN NUCKOLS, Associated Press - 3 hr ago 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire By: JIM GOMEZ, Associated Press - 3 hr ago Trump asks Supreme Court to reinstate travel ban By: MARK SHERMAN and SADIE GURMAN, Associated Press - 4 hr ago David Ramsey: Can Lance Armstrong conquer your Uncle Sam? By: David Ramsey - 4 hr ago Broncos safety Will Parks facing misdemeanor harassment, domestic violence charges By: NICKI JHABVALA, The Denver Post - 4 hr ago Colorado Springs jobless rate is low, but veterans still face challenges finding jobs By: Caroline Laganas - 6 hr ago David Ramsey: JaVale McGee, who baffled us in Colorado, soars into NBA Finals By: David Ramsey - 8 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries 7 Colorado destinations that offer thrills, chills A Look Back 11 summer events not to miss in Colorado Springs Memorial Day at Evergreen Cemetery 2017 MeadowGrass Music Festival 2017 Cheyenne Mountain High School Graduation 2017 Peyton High School Graduation 2017 Woodland Park High School Graduation 2017 Hanover High School Graduation 2017 Vista Ridge High School Graduation 2017 Sand Creek High School Graduation 2017 Falcon High School Graduation 2017 The Classical Academy Graduation 2017 Fountain Valley School Graduation 2017 Thomas MacLaren School Graduation 2017 Fountain-Fort Carson High School graduation 2017 Evangelical Christian Academy Graduation 2017 Colorado Springs Early Colleges Graduation 2017 The Bijou School Graduation 2017 Civa Charter High School Graduation 2017 Early College High School Graduation 2017 Colorado Springs Christian High School Graduation Air Academy v. Valor Christian. 4A State Boys' Baseball. 2017 Sierra High School Graduation 2017 James Irwin Charter High School Graduation 2017 Tesla High School Graduation Pirates Premiere Party 2017 Cripple Creek-Victor High School Graduation Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 4 hr ago Colorado man gets life in prison for strangling toddler 6 hr ago Colorado military veterans will now get college credit for what they learn while serving their country 7 hr ago New Colorado laws will provide help for at risk adults, kids in trouble 7 hr ago Woman accuses CU of covering up domestic abuse allegations 8 hr ago Colorado toughens penalties for texting while driving 8 hr ago Grant boosts Colorado Springs' plans for Legacy Loop 8 hr ago Two CDOT workers described as heroes for trucker rescue in I-25 fire Most Read Police: Woman intentionally crashed into Colorado Springs Sprouts store opening this week Identity released of 18-year-old who died in Saturday morning Black Forest crash Argument might have caused El Paso County rollover that killed a woman, 20 Parking business booming for Manitou Incline friendly neighbor Former Texas nurse accused of killing dozens of kids in '80s Two men, 23 and 82, dead after head-on crash near Peyton After 90 years, strange times and sitting empty, Broadmoor mansion is reborn in high style Blog: Hat toss, Thunderbirds cap 2017 graduation ceremony Large vehicle fire shuts down I-25 in Denver On what would have been his graduation day, Lewis-Palmer teen remembered for big stature, bigger heart Sports 3 hr ago Curry, Durant power Warriors past Cavs in Game 1 4 hr ago David Ramsey: Can Lance Armstrong conquer your Uncle Sam? 4 hr ago Broncos safety Will Parks facing misdemeanor harassment, domestic violence charges 8 hr ago Rockies use pair of homers to outlast Mariners 8 hr ago David Ramsey: JaVale McGee, who baffled us in Colorado, soars into NBA Finals 8 hr ago Air Force receiver Ernie Jennings on College Football Hall of Fame ballot 9 hr ago It's a girl? Serena Williams lauds baby gender 'surprise' Business 2 hr ago The Latest: Fiji's leader disappointed by Trump decision 2 hr ago Friday's US jobs report for May likely to show steady gains 3 hr ago Asian markets rally; Tokyo stocks up as yen falls 3 hr ago Mayor: Puerto Rican militant to step aside from parade role 5 hr ago Wisconsin mill that exploded had been reprimanded on safety 5 hr ago California, New York, Washington unite to back climate pact 5 hr ago Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time Opinion 13 hr ago Abusers of freedom behead free speech Wed, May 31, 2017 EDITORIAL: VA failed to save a local vet in need Wed, May 31, 2017 LETTERS: Appreciation for nature; a great change in leadership Tue, May 30, 2017 NATO is essential to a strong Western alliance Tue, May 30, 2017 LETTERS: AFA grads legacy; beautiful bells in downtown Tue, May 30, 2017 Loss of legal services would threaten foundations of democracy Sun, May 28, 2017 EDITORIAL: Carson calls poverty 'a state of mind' Around the Web 9 hr ago Painting break results in town greeting visitors with 'sex' 9 hr ago Science Says: Weather forecasts improve, under the radar 10 hr ago Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft, designed to launch rockets into space, rolled out for first time 10 hr ago Climate agreement withdrawal: 'Trump just stepped on the gas' toward catastrophe 11 hr ago Colorado's booming marijuana industry is helping fight homelessness and drug addiction 13 hr ago Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 14 hr ago 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver to death Sponsored Content 5 common HIPAA & HITECH violations (& how to avoid them) Latest Videos Pikes Peak region forecast Care and Share ramps up its Summer Mobile Food Pantries program in Colorado Springs Weather Forecasts Improve But Under the Radar Raw: Jet Set to Launch Rockets Into Space Debuts Police Release Tiger Woods' DUI Arrest Video Denver Donut Shop Tests Drone Delivery I-25 Truck Fire Snarls Traffic Near Denver This week in GO! Between the Lines: Colorado Springs veteran's suicide prompts Congress to act Helpful tips for your Must See Must Do Weekend Colorado Springs plans Raw: Rolling Thunder Salutes Missing in Action Trump: 'Tell Their Stories for 1,000 Years' Sports Latest Sports Update: Cheat sheet for your fantasy football rookie draft (dynasty leagues)2 hr ago Curry, Durant power Warriors past Cavs in Game 13 hr ago David Ramsey: Can Lance Armstrong conquer your Uncle Sam?4 hr ago Segura, Cruz exit early as Mariners fall to Rockies, 6-37 hr ago Broncos Broncos safety Will Parks facing misdemeanor harassment, domestic violence charges4 hr ago Broncos linebackers love beefed-up D-line11 hr ago Broncos say Shaq Barrett is out several months with bad hipWed, May 31, 2017 Paul Klee: In choosing Denver Broncos' quarterback, decision must come sooner rather than laterWed, May 31, 2017 Photo Galleries Air Academy v. Valor Christian. 4A State Boys' Baseball. Girls 4A State Golf Peak Performers 2016-17 Final day of Colorado State Track 2017 4A State Swimming Championship Day 1-Colorado State Track 2017 Windsor 3 Lewis-Palmer 2 Nine straight titles for Cheyenne Mountain 4A State Tennis Finals 4A Girls' State Tennis Boys Lacrosse Lewis-Palmer v. Chaparral Girls Golf: 2017 4A Regional Doherty Spartan Invitational Girls Tennis: 2017 3A Regional Tournament Colorado Springs Switchbacks v. Tulsa Roughnecks Opinion Gazette Editorials Abusers of freedom behead free speech13 hr ago EDITORIAL: VA failed to save a local vet in needWed, May 31, 2017 NATO is essential to a strong Western allianceTue, May 30, 2017 EDITORIAL: Carson calls poverty 'a state of mind'Sun, May 28, 2017 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Appreciation for nature; a great change in leadershipWed, May 31, 2017 LETTERS: AFA grads legacy; beautiful bells in downtownTue, May 30, 2017 LETTERS: Leave the doggies at home; a gateway to a GOP winSun, May 28, 2017 LETTERS: Justice doesn't end at cell door; Dobson's influence still feltThu, May 25, 2017 Columns Loss of legal services would threaten foundations of democracyTue, May 30, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Chairman Ajit Pai is draining the FCC swampFri, May 26, 2017 COLUMN: Public pipeline maps are a bad ideaFri, May 26, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Colorado legislators found creative ways to notch winsFri, May 26, 2017 Local News Local News Colorado man gets life in prison for strangling toddler4 hr ago Colorado military veterans will now get college credit for what they learn while serving their country6 hr ago New Colorado laws will provide help for at risk adults, kids in trouble7 hr ago Colorado toughens penalties for texting while driving7 hr ago Local and State Politics Colorado military veterans will now get college credit for what they learn while serving their country6 hr ago New Colorado laws will provide help for at risk adults, kids in trouble7 hr ago Colorado toughens penalties for texting while driving7 hr ago Nigel Farage, 'person of interest' in Trump-Russia case, will speak in Lone Tree on June 1711 hr ago Local Business Colorado Springs homebuilding rebounds in May12 hr ago Colorado Springs-area travel industry officials expect tourism bonanza in 2017Sat, May 27, 2017 Colorado Springs native named as new Pikes Peak Workforce Center executive directorFri, May 26, 2017 Airport passenger traffic surges in AprilFri, May 26, 2017 More Top Reads Nation and World 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire1 hr ago 36 die of suffocation in attack on Philippine hotel1 hr ago Once inspired by Tiger, minority golfers saddened by fall2 hr ago The Latest: Thick smoke had trapped dead in gambling space2 hr ago Military Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time5 hr ago Colorado Springs jobless rate is low, but veterans still face challenges finding jobs6 hr ago Colorado military veterans will now get college credit for what they learn while serving their country6 hr ago Storms delay SpaceX station delivery using recycled capsule8 hr ago Blogs Update: Cheat sheet for your fantasy football rookie draft (dynasty leagues)2 hr ago Air Force receiver Ernie Jennings on College Football Hall of Fame ballot8 hr ago David Ramsey: The NBA's all-time top 40 players. Will LeBron ever pass Jordan to top the list?Wed, May 31, 2017 Colorado Springs Switchbacks defender Jordan Burt named to USL team of the weekTue, May 30, 2017 Crime and Justice Local Crime Colorado Springs police arrest 1 suspect in attempted murder, kidnapping, search for another9 hr ago Police investigate armed robbery at Chapel Hills Mall in Colorado Springs12 hr ago Police: 2 attackers struck homeowner with bat during home invasion in Colorado Springs17 hr ago Police: Burglars may have used hole in wall to get inside Colorado Springs marijuana business18 hr ago National Crime Broncos safety Will Parks facing misdemeanor harassment, domestic violence charges4 hr ago 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver to death14 hr ago Police: Man with fake gun in custody at Orlando airportTue, May 30, 2017 Ultimate sacrifice: Teen dies shielding cousin from gunfireMon, May 29, 2017 Life Life Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Friday, June 219 hr ago Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Saturday, June 3Wed, May 31, 2017 AROUND TOWN: Broadmoor Garden Club program leads guests through 59 National ParksWed, May 31, 2017 AROUND TOWN: Leadership Pikes Peak honors decades of community leadersWed, May 31, 2017 Arts and Entertainment Colorado Springs area stage events starting June 1, 201710 hr ago List of free outdoor summer concerts in the Pikes Peak region11 hr ago TV Review: Characters resonate in comedy-based Showtime series 'I'm Dying Up Here'11 hr ago Manitou Springs wine festival helps support other town events14 hr ago Religion Strong religious reaction to Trump climate accord decision8 hr ago GOP congressman on climate change: God will ‘take care of it’ if it’s real8 hr ago Trump’s evangelical supporters disappointed about Israel embassy decision8 hr ago Global televangelists to launch new TV station8 hr ago National National Politics Trump asks Supreme Court to reinstate travel ban3 hr ago U.S. states, major companies break with Trump’s decision to exit the climate deal9 hr ago Climate agreement withdrawal: 'Trump just stepped on the gas' toward catastrophe10 hr ago Trump to interview John Pistole for FBI director job11 hr ago National Business The Latest: Fiji's leader disappointed by Trump decision2 hr ago Friday's US jobs report for May likely to show steady gains2 hr ago Asian markets rally; Tokyo stocks up as yen falls3 hr ago Mayor: Puerto Rican militant to step aside from parade role3 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2017 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Local News 'I can't wait to be with him again': Mom mourns son killed on Maryland highway Political News Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Nominate the best in high school sports today! #HSOTHonors › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather 2017 Atlantic hurricane season begins as many still struggle to recover from Matthew Sponsor Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season DUALDoppler5000 Out & About TV Watch the latest videos › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Our Take From Duke's defensive line to pods: Twitter Mailbag Soccer Inverted Triangle: NCFC, NC Courage owner Steve Malik opens up in 1-on-1 Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter WRAL News and Weather Now available on Amazon Echo › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Analysis Lenovo, other Triangle tech firms recruit Wake Tech interns for IT jobs SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Nominate the best in high school sports today! #HSOTHonors › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: Dark castle on Jones Street Editorial: Legislature's budget -- More comfort for the comfortable Editorial: Legislators should heed protesters' message on Medicaid Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Business Duke seeks 15 percent increase in electric rates National News Report: Recycled air bags could put drivers at risk 5 On Your Side FDA issues flurry of Listeria-related recalls: Stay safe with these tips 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Business SpaceX taking recycling all the way to orbit with cargo ship Family In US and abroad, a worrisome time for LGBT activists Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Weekend best bets: Delta Rae, Farm to Fork Picnic Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Water line break could impact Wakefield HS classes Local News Raleigh sinkhole caused by failing infrastructure Live Video Schedule 4:30a WRAL Morning News Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries WRAL News and Weather Now available on Amazon Echo › 67° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Weather 67° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Published: 2017-06-01 21:04:20 Updated: 2017-06-01 21:04:20 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Business Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time Posted 9:04 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18E1D Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters By JOHN ANTCZAK, Associated Press LOS ANGELES — Billionaire Paul G. Allen's Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: ___ GIGANTIC The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet (117 meters), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 meters) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380's wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 meters). ___ WEIGHT AND POWER The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. ___ AIR LAUNCH On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. ___ HISTORY Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and '60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. ___ WHAT'S NEXT The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. Copyright 2017 by The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% $175 Off - Electric Panel Replacement Myrtle Beach Spring Specials - Save Now The 'as low as" rate is at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Pets Pet Photos May 2017 Weather Homes destroyed, trees brought down in Sampson County storm State News 'Am I going to die?' Gay man testifies at church trial Local News 'Covfefe' vanity plate claimed in NC Local News 'I can't wait to be with him again': Mom mourns son killed on Maryland highway Wake County Schools Panther Creek HS student's senior quote causes controversy National News Troopers form blood caravan to save new mother Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season SmartShopper National Doughnut Day Freebies June 2 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 MLB Mr Met gives fan the finger, employee out as team mascot Go Ask Mom Got teens? Check out these affordable summer workshops SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Out and About H-Street Kitchen to close for the summer Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Weather Science in the sky: Anatomy of a rainbow Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Out and About Balloon Fest makes man's sky-high marriage proposal a reality 919 Beer The Glass Jug announces new location, brewery plans Weather Homes destroyed, trees brought down in Sampson County storm Political News Clinton: Trump unleashed 'dangerous' level of hate Political News Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay State News 'Am I going to die?' Gay man testifies at church trial Local News Man exposes himself to jogger on American Tobacco Trail, police say Local News 'I can't wait to be with him again': Mom mourns son killed on Maryland highway @NCCapitol Proposal to allow concealed guns without permit in NC advances SmartShopper Share your deals & questions June 1 @NCCapitol 'Brunch bill' wins Senate approval SmartShopper What's for dinner Thursday? SmartShopper TODAY is last day to use old Harris Teeter rain checks SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Pets Pet Photos May 2017 Weather Homes destroyed, trees brought down in Sampson County storm State News 'Am I going to die?' Gay man testifies at church trial Local News 'Covfefe' vanity plate claimed in NC Local News 'I can't wait to be with him again': Mom mourns son killed on Maryland highway Wake County Schools Panther Creek HS student's senior quote causes controversy National News Troopers form blood caravan to save new mother Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season SmartShopper National Doughnut Day Freebies June 2 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 MLB Mr Met gives fan the finger, employee out as team mascot Go Ask Mom Got teens? Check out these affordable summer workshops SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Out and About H-Street Kitchen to close for the summer Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Weather Science in the sky: Anatomy of a rainbow Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Out and About Balloon Fest makes man's sky-high marriage proposal a reality 919 Beer The Glass Jug announces new location, brewery plans Weather Homes destroyed, trees brought down in Sampson County storm Political News Clinton: Trump unleashed 'dangerous' level of hate Political News Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay State News 'Am I going to die?' Gay man testifies at church trial Local News Man exposes himself to jogger on American Tobacco Trail, police say Local News 'I can't wait to be with him again': Mom mourns son killed on Maryland highway @NCCapitol Proposal to allow concealed guns without permit in NC advances SmartShopper Share your deals & questions June 1 @NCCapitol 'Brunch bill' wins Senate approval SmartShopper What's for dinner Thursday? SmartShopper TODAY is last day to use old Harris Teeter rain checks WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Omni-Lite Industries Announces Normal Course Issuer Bid /EINPresswire.com/ — LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA–(Marketwired – Jun 1, 2017) – Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. (TSX VENTURE:OML)(OTCQX:OLNCF) („Omni-Lite” or the „Company”) announces that it has submitted to the TSX Venture Exchange („TSXV”) its Notice of Intention to Make a Normal Course Issuer Bid („Bid”). Pursuant to the Bid, the Company may purchase for cancellation up to 800,000 common shares of the Company which is equal to approximately 7.7 percent of the 10,369,120 issued and outstanding shares. Echelon Wealth Partners will be conducting the NCIB on behalf of the Company in accordance with the rules of the TSXV. The consideration paid for any such Common Shares will be the open market price at the time of acquisition. The Company will make no purchases of Common Shares other than open market purchases or other such means approved by the TSXV. The actual number of Common Shares of the Company that are purchased for cancellation under the Bid, if any, and the timing of such purchases will be determined by management as approved by the Board of Directors of the Company. To the knowledge of the Company, no director, senior officer or other insider of Omni-Lite currently intends to sell any Common Shares into this Bid. In the case a director, senior officer, or insider does sell any common shares into the Bid, the benefits to any such person would be the same as the benefits available to all other holders whose shares are purchased. The Company has repurchased and has canceled a total of 790,000 common shares pursuant to the previous normal course issuer bid which ended May 25, 2017. Purchases on the new NCIB may begin on June 1, 2017 and the Bid expires on May 31, 2018. Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. is a rapidly growing high technology company that develops and manufactures precision components utilized by Fortune 500 companies including Boeing, Airbus, Bombardier, Embraer, Alcoa, Ford, Borg Warner, Chrysler, the U.S. Military, Nike, and adidas. Reader Advisory Except for statements of historical fact, this news release contains certain „forward-looking information” within the meaning of applicable securities law. Forward-looking information is frequently characterized by words such as „plan”, „expect”, „project”, „intend”, „believe”, „anticipate”, „estimate” and other similar words, or statements that certain events or conditions „may” or „will” occur. In particular, forward-looking information in this press release includes, but is not limited to the expected future performance of the Company. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking information are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. We cannot guarantee future results, performance or achievements. Consequently, there is no representation that the actual results achieved will be the same, in whole or in part, as those set out in the forward-looking information. Forward-looking information is based on the opinions and estimates of management at the date the statements are made, and are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking information. Some of the risks and other factors that could cause the results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking information include, but are not limited to: general economic conditions in Canada, the United States and globally; industry conditions, governmental regulation, including environmental regulation; unanticipated operating events or performance; failure to obtain industry partner and other third party consents and approvals, if and when required; the availability of capital on acceptable terms; the need to obtain required approvals from regulatory authorities; stock market volatility; competition for, among other things, capital, skilled personnel and supplies; changes in tax laws; and the other risk factors disclosed under our profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. Readers are cautioned that this list of risk factors should not be construed as exhaustive. The forward-looking information contained in this news release is expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. We undertake no duty to update any of the forward-looking information to conform such information to actual results or to changes in our expectations except as otherwise required by applicable securities legislation. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information. Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Latest Report: Body Slimming System Industry :key Vendors, Trends, Analysis, Segmentation, Forecast to 2017-2021 Next PostNext OSS 75th Anniversary Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections Advertising Marketing Content Social Commerce Sales Analytics Management Home Submit Follow Us Follow Ads Marketing Content Social Sales Analytics Mgmt More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE MarTech Today Broad support IAB Tech Lab debuts ads.txt project to weed out fake ad sellers Free plug-in Distil launches free bot detection plug-in for Google Analytics Events Attend the MarTech conference Advertising Marketing Content Social Commerce Sales Analytics Management Events Home Martech: Analytics & Data Stay marketing-savvy and tech-savvy. Get the latest in martech by subscribing to MarTech Today. B2B CMOs and CIOs: It’s time to rethink data management Effective data management is critical to B2B digital marketing success. Columnist Sonjoy Ganguly explains how implementing a rich, B2B-focused data structure and collaborating with the right strategic partners can make all the difference. Sonjoy Ganguly on May 31, 2017 at 10:07 am More In digital media and advertising, data management platforms (DMPs) have become an essential tool that “ingests, classifies, sorts and houses information, and then delivers it in a way that’s useful for marketers, publishers and other businesses.” But for B2B marketers, these tools have a major flaw. As the name implies, B2B marketers sell into organizations (e.g., General Electric, Boeing, Nestle), not individual consumer demos (e.g., millennial male in New York DMA, $100K+ income, in market for SUVs). Traditional advertising technologies and data management practices, to date, have predominantly focused on managing individuals rather than companies. That is core to the issue: How do you market to the right companies if existing systems and practices are predicated upon targeting individual consumers? B2B marketers don’t benefit from solutions that allow them to target “soccer moms,” “tech-savvy millennials” or other consumer-based lookalike audiences. They need a much more precise and relevant targeting scheme. For example, the CMO at an enterprise software company with long sales cycles (nine to 18 months) needs to simultaneously monitor, analyze and surface insights on cross-departmental stakeholders across levels of seniority and diversity, all within discrete organizations. At large corporations, this can include the Financial Analysts, Director of Finance, CFO, VP Engineering, CTO, Architects, Engineering Directors, Procurement Managers and dozens of other business stakeholders, from the first introductory call to a signed contract and through the process of onboarding, as well as utilization. With B2B marketing and advertising spend reaching $161 billion — and digital accounting for over half — B2B CMOs and CIOs need to dramatically change their data management approach to avoid drowning in irrelevant data and legacy systems that were designed for an entirely different practice. This is only possible by reorganizing their data infrastructure around B2B’s unique go-to-market needs and working with partners that support these new standards. First things first: Extend company attributes Basic audience targeting is too broad and is just not an effective mechanism for B2B marketers. B2C marketers now have a seemingly endless pool of data to define target audiences across devices, from historical purchases and behavioral data to location-based visitor arrivals. But ask any B2B marketer, and their targeting parameters look awfully similar to ones found in playbooks from several years ago: industry, company size (employees), revenue (if public) and office headquarters’ locations. B2B CMOs need to significantly expand the company attributes they track — ones that provide signals that are uniquely relevant to the products and services they sell — and allow sales and marketing teams to communicate more tailored messages by account. These can range anywhere from, “What other software is installed?” and “Which types of solutions are they researching?” to “How much do they currently spend on R&D?” Once the extended attributes are strategically identified, CMOs must persistently incorporate these new signals throughout their internal systems to keep alignment across teams. These new signals require organizational commitment to adopt new procedures that utilize and act on the signals to improve their marketing effectiveness. Build out a rich company-user ontology Once more granular and vivid company-based information becomes ingrained throughout the marketing and sales organizations, it behooves CMOs and their CIOs to further build out a rich ontology. With the exponential growth of data (which also includes more user-generated content than ever before), creating taxonomies to classify and categorize the data is absolutely critical to making these massive unstructured data assets actionable at scale. But the sheer volume and the denormalized nature of this data make it very complex to classify it correctly. At best, traditional DMPs, integrated with other existing targeting solutions, might allow a B2B marketer at an enterprise software company to target individuals with “CTO” in their title, at companies of a specific employee or revenue size, and located in certain DMAs or cities. The problem with this approach is that CTOs may not always represent the right stakeholder to engage on an account-by-account basis. Maybe the account is not actively looking for your solutions, which means your standard messaging may not be as effective with that account. In other words, the appropriate audiences at prospective accounts can differ starkly, based on sizes of the accounts, an account’s existing needs and more. By creating a more robust ontology, B2B marketers can use these extended attributes to better inform and influence their list of target accounts, which people to actually target at those accounts and what messaging may be more effective in engaging those accounts. Find the right long-term partner This expanded B2B data management framework ultimately enables B2B marketers to build and execute more relevant, seamless messages against key influencers across the organization on an account-by-account basis. But CMOs and CIOs alone lack the capacity — in budget, time and resources — to design and implement this massive and essential modernization of its data infrastructure. It is important to identify strategic partners that not only can provide access to technology and data but can also help them determine how to modernize their practices to act on that data. As such, it’s incumbent upon executives charged with this initiative to ask partners probing questions to gauge alignment with long-term business goals and viability. These questions should include understanding how they are using technology to create and automate the development of their ontologies to make the scale of their data more actionable. In an increasingly demanding environment for personalized B2B messages — delivered through the right channels at the right time — B2B marketers must raise their standards on data management. By upending traditional models, implementing a rich B2B-focused data structure and collaborating with partners that allow new principles to flourish, there’s no stopping what B2B marketers can accomplish. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily MarTech Today. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Sonjoy Ganguly Sonjoy is the SVP, Product Management at Madison Logic, with over 25 years as a veteran product management executive. With extensive experience in the media, financial and professional services industries, Sonjoy came from Deloitte in their Strategy, Brand & Innovation division, managing the definition and execution of new product strategies to identify and cultivate new ways the firm’s practices and its clients can adopt new technologies to create innovative, market leading solutions at scale. Sonjoy attended New York University’s Stern School of Business and spends his off hours with his wife, raising their 2 young children (and still praying for a good night’s sleep, and maybe a good glass of scotch). Popular Stories Salesforce unveils a new Partner Relationship Management application in its Sales Cloud Why some ad tech vets have doubts about Havas’ new transparency platform AOL launches SDK-based header bidding for mobile apps How blockchain-based identity could change digital marketing Related Topics Channel: Martech: Analytics & DataDMP: Data Management PlatformsMartech Column Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook and Twitter. Attend Our Conferences Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers 5 Ways to Fail at Marketing to Tech Users The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform The Account-Based Marketing Guide for Modern Marketers See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Program Management Corner Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Military Trainers Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation Purchase Planning Handbook MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > AWIN_Commercial > Amid ARJ21 Ramp-Up, Comac Plans More Automation You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Amid ARJ21 Ramp-Up, Comac Plans More Automation Jun 1, 2017 Bradley Perrett | Aviation Daily EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Comac SHANGHAI—Comac is planning increased automation as it sets up a second production line for its ARJ21 regional jet. A final goal is to achieve a moving production line like the one that Boeing uses in making the 737, a Comac official told a conference in Shanghai. But a moving line looks far away, since the manufacturer still has work to do even in getting its first production line up to a planned rate of 15 aircraft per year. Beyond that, the company is targeting output 30 aircraft ... THIS CONTENT REQUIRES SUBSCRIPTION ACCESS You must have an Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) account or subscribe to this Market Briefing to access "Amid ARJ21 Ramp-Up, Comac Plans More Automation".   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.   Not currently a subscriber? Click on the "Learn More" button below to view subscription offers. Learn More Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles C919 Inches Toward Flight-Testing, ARJ21 Toward Upgrade   Amid Chinese Program Delays, Meggitt Still Sees Profit   Production Ramp-up Reshaping How Industry Builds Aircraft, Engines Comac’sC919 Supplier Selection Is Past Due   Beijing Influence Rising In Russo-Chinese Widebody Program 15   Advertisement Commercial Aviation: Market Briefing A subscription to Aviation Daily is required to access these stories.   Garmin Aims High With HUD  Brussels Airlines And VLM Acquiring TCAB  Platform Could Cut Parts-Sourcing Time And Cost  Certifications Bolster Pratt’s GTF Lineup  Amid ARJ21 Ramp-Up, Comac Plans More Automation  Repair-Station Reporting Requirement Needs Refining  DOT Announces 38 Airport Discretionary Grants  Airlines Get Alternative Inerting-System Suppliers    Subscribe Log In Advertisement Advertise with Us   2017 Media Materials Your source for 2016 media kits, editorial planners rates and specs for AW&ST, ATW, B&CA and more! Advertise Sign up to Aviation Week Newsletter Daily analysis on technology advances impacting the global aviation, aerospace & defense industries. Subscribe Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Russian PM signs decree on lifting some restrictions on Turkish food supplies Business & Economy June 02, 9:17 US sends B-52 bombers, 800 pilots to NATO drills near Russian borders — media World June 02, 8:28 World leaders condemn Trump’s decision to withdraw from Paris climate accord World June 02, 8:04 Putin tells Oliver Stone he is pleased with his work of his bodyguards Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 02, 4:41 WRAP: St. Petersburg forum participants address digital economy issues on first day Business & Economy June 02, 3:51 Russian animation studio and Danone sign contracts worth $8.8 mln Business & Economy June 01, 21:08 Russia and India vow to continue joint development of cutting-edge weaponry Military & Defense June 01, 20:57 Yandex to close offices in Kiev and Odessa Business & Economy June 01, 20:15 Top Russian official says Moscow ready to sell affordable weaponry to Serbia Military & Defense June 01, 19:56 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 02.06.2017 01.06.2017 31.05.2017 30.05.2017 29.05.2017 28.05.2017 27.05.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Runway reconstruction begins at Arctic city airport Business & Economy June 01, 17:40 UTC+3 NORILSK Share 1 pages in this article NORILSK, June 1. /TASS/. Reconstruction of the runway's central part began at the Krasnoyarsk Region's main air harbor - at the Norilsk airport. The airport to mid-September would be able to serve only smaller, regional, planes, the airport's Director General Andrei Nikiforov told reporters on Thursday. Read also Price tag to reconstruct two Arctic airports nearly $5 mln "We have approached the most responsible and technically complicated part of the reconstruction, where we shall replace the runway's central part," he said. "The airport's all services are ready to work under the new conditions, and we are sure that on September 16, the workers would present the reconstructed runway. <…> The workers are receiving the task now, the work will begin in a few days, and from Monday heavy equipment will begin working at the runway." Earlier reports said the runway's reconstruction was planned for three summer seasons. The works began in 2016, and the planes could use the runway of 2.5km, thus no passenger or cargo flights were limited. However, this year the work will be at the central runway passage of more than one kilometer long, and thus the airport would not serve planes of the Boeing type - those would be replaced by planes for regional routes. New timetable Reconstruction of the central part will be between June 1 and September 16. During this time, all Boeing planes will be replaced with ATR-42, ATR-72 and Antonov An-24 planes, which will serve flights to Moscow (with a stop in Surgut), Krasnoyarsk and Novyi Urengoi. "The first day of the new timetable has proven our decision was correct - we have chosen not to close down the airport but to have temporary limitations and have the reconstruction in three stages," the director general said. The flights to Krasnoyarsk, Novyi Urengoi and Surgut will be served by regional planes. Passengers of the flight to Moscow, after the connection in Surgut, will continue the flight on board of Boeing-737-800 planes. The flight to Moscow will take about eight hours. Terms and financing The third and last stage of the runway's reconstruction is due between June and September, 2018. the financing is made under the federal program on development of the Russian transport system (2010-2020): the federal budget has allocated 9.6 billion rubles (about $168.5 million), and the Norilsk Nickel Company invests thee billion rubles ($52.6 million). {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Topics Arctic today Top News June 02, 9:17 Russian PM signs decree on lifting some restrictions on Turkish food supplies June 02, 9:17 June 02, 8:04 World leaders condemn Trump’s decision to withdraw from Paris climate accord June 02, 8:04 June 01, 18:52 Putin describes Trump as a straightforward and frank man June 01, 18:52 June 01, 18:03 Russia fears Syria's dismemberment — Putin June 01, 18:03 In other media Реклама Photo 12 The 2017 World Car of the Year and its rivals at the New York Auto Show 15 How Russians conquered the Arctic in vintage photos 13 Futuristic supercars at the Geneva Motor Show Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Gas agreement signed by Russia, Ukraine and the EU Altai gas pipeline Economical sanctions against Russia Most read Now Today This week 1 US sends B-52 bombers, 800 pilots to NATO drills near Russian borders — media 2 Russia's Gazprom Neft discusses new projects in Iraqi Kurdistan territory 3 Putin describes Trump as a straightforward and frank man 4 Best warships and submarines of Russia's Northern fleet 5 Russian PM signs decree on lifting some restrictions on Turkish food supplies 6 World leaders condemn Trump’s decision to withdraw from Paris climate accord 7 Partners in Nord Stream 2 to profit from interest payments on lending — Wintershall’s CEO 1 Russia fears Syria's dismemberment — Putin 2 Putin describes Trump as a straightforward and frank man 3 Putin says Russia has to respond to other countries’ military potential buildup 4 Putin emphasizes that Sweden's entry to NATO would jeopardize ties with Moscow 5 Russian Aerospace Force eliminates 80 militants trying to move to Palmyra from Raqqa 6 Russia ready to supply advanced S-400 air defense missile systems to Turkey 7 New MC-21 jet: Russia’s first step on aircraft market 1 Moscow concerned over US threats against Syria’s armed forces 2 Russia’s cutting-edge fighter jet to enter service this year 3 Russian cruise missiles hit terrorist targets near Palmyra 4 Moscow mayor says Monday's hurricane 'unprecedented' 5 MC-21 airliner makes first test flight — source 6 Russian anti-submarine destroyer enters English Channel 7 Lavrov slams Macron's 'media propaganda' remarks as post-Obama policy aftereffect TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:05 GMT +302 June 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search BREAKING: WikiLeaks Releases New Batch of CIA Documents From "Pandemic" Project Russia's Vnesheconombank to Promote Export of MC-21 Jetliners © Sputnik/ Alexandr Astafiev Russia 17:27 01.06.2017(updated 19:14 01.06.2017) Get short URL 226981 On Sunday, the MC-21, an up-and-coming jet airliner that's expected to be Russia’s answer to the Boeing-737 and the Airbus A-320, made its maiden flight with all its onboard systems working flawlessly. Speaking at a news conference at RIA Novosti headquarters in Moscow, Sergei Gorkov, the chairman of state-owned Vnesheconombank (VEB), said that the bank had invested around $90 million in the design and construction of the MC-21 jetliner. “We have a policy of supporting Russian exports and the aviation sector. This is exactly what we are doing also with the Sukhoi SuperJet-100. SuperJet exports are being entirely financed by the VEB. All the contracts that are being implemented in Ireland, Mexico and other countries are also being financed by us. As for the MC-21, we have already signed a leasing contract for 20 such planes and we will also support their sales abroad,” Gorkov said. He added that despite initial misgivings about the prospects of SuperJet sales in Europe, the VEB, jointly with Sukhoi Design Bureau and the United Aircraft Corporation, have been successfully exporting these planes. © Sputnik/ Sergey Mamontov Three States Already Interested in Brand New Russian MC-21 Passenger PlaneSergei Gorkov said that there have not yet been any foreign orders for the MC-21s because the plane had just conducted its maiden voyage. “We will be working very hard in this direction,” he promised, adding that the VEB will be making every effort to support Russian non-resource exports. Work on the MC-21 first began in the late 2000s, and intensified in 2014 after the downturn in relations with Western countries. Moscow has taken a number of steps to allow Russian aviation companies to win back the commercial passenger aircraft market, both domestically and abroad. The MC-21 is designed to be faster, more efficient, and less expensive than its Western counterparts, incorporating the latest in the field of airframe, engine and avionics systems technology in its design. © Sputnik/ Grigoriy Sisoev Iran Interested in Purchase of 100 Sukhoi Superjet PlanesFor example, the plane features a composite wing design, which improves fuel efficiency, and will eventually be fitted with new Russian-made PD-14 engines, which meet and exceed global safety, noise, and fuel efficiency standards. The plane also boasts a superior cruising speed, and costs tens of millions of dollars less than its Boeing and Airbus competitors. On Tuesday, RIA Novosti reported that the Russian government had instructed its representatives on the boards of directors of state companies to vote in favor of the purchase or lease of only Russian-made aircraft. Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed! ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 81 Related: Three States Already Interested in Brand New Russian MC-21 Passenger Plane Russia Reveals What the '21' in Its New MC-21 Airliner Really Stands For Tags: leasing agreement, maiden flight, financing, export, MC-21, Sukhoi SuperJet-100 (SSJ-100), VEB, Sergei Gorkov, Russia TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:59Russian Investment Fund Expects Investor Demand From Sovcomflot Privatization 09:47Russia Hopes Western Gas Route Contract Talks With China Reach Final Stage 09:47Kurdish Independence Vote to Have No Effect On Oil Prices - Iraqi Oil Minister 09:45WikiLeaks Releases New Batch of CIA Documents on Hacking Tools 09:41Clinton Calls Trump's Decision to Pull Out of Climate Deal 'Historic Mistake'All news UK's New Aircraft Carrier Specially Designed to Allow It to 'Duck' Under Bridges 10025 Russian Navy Launches Cruise Missiles From Sub on Daesh Targets Near Palmyra 9804 Trump Offers Moscow a Way Out of the Ukrainian Stalemate – Can Russia Trust Him? 7754 Why Russia Unleashed Kalibr Cruise Missiles on Daesh in Palmyra 7125 Daesh Militants Leave Raqqa, Cross Euphrates - Russian Military 6743All news Clapper: Russians ‘Genetically Driven’ to Interfere in Elections 71 Trump Offers Moscow a Way Out of the Ukrainian Stalemate – Can Russia Trust Him? 36 ‘Not Why I Lost’: Hillary Blames Literally Everyone But Herself for Defeat 35 Daesh Militants Leave Raqqa, Cross Euphrates - Russian Military 30 Putin Not Ruling Out US Troop Presence on Kurils if Islands Controlled by Japan 25All news Recommended News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Blond Bombshells: Female Politicians Who Rock Fair Hair No Difference? New Russian Weaponry: Support Vehicles Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Military Radar Systems Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 5% by 2021 Global Military Radar Systems Market by Platform , Band Type and by Geography – Forecast to 2021 Key Players: General Dynamics, Israel Aerospace Industries, Saab AB, Selex ES, Thales, ASELSAN, Boeing, Harris, Lockheed Martin.” — Market Research Future PUNE, MAHARASHTRA , INDIA , June 1, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Market Synopsis of Global Military Radar Systems Market: The Global Military Radar Systems Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 5% during 2016-2021. The factors driving the market are growing demand of radar for airborne and maritime surveillance, to counter drug trafficking and illegal trespassing, and modification & upgradation of conventional radar systems. As per the MRFR analysis, factors restraining the market growth are defense budget cuts in several countries, high investment, feasibility issues, and technical and operational challenges. The development of COTS components and Gallium Nitride (GaN) technology are the emerging trend in the market. Technological innovation is the key parameter where vendors are spending in technology to improving efficiency and reliability. Request a Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1413 Key Players of Military Radar Systems Market: • General Dynamics • Israel Aerospace Industries • Saab AB • Selex ES • Thales • ASELSAN • Boeing • Harris • Lockheed Martin • Northrop Grumman • Raytheon • Terma Study Objectives of Global Military Radar Systems Market: • To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global Military Radar Systems Market. • To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth. • To analyse the Global Military Radar Systems Market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porter’s five force analysis etc. • To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW). • To provide country-level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective. • To provide country-level analysis of the market for segment by platform, and band type • To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analysing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market. • To track and analyse competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global Military Radar Systems Market. Regional and Country Analysis of Global Military Radar Systems Market: As per the MRFR analysis, the Americas region will continue its dominance in the forecast period. Whereas, APAC will have significant growth and is expected to grow at CAGR of around 5% during the forecast period. In Europe, several security and space programs have been initiated in partnership with major countries such as France, Germany, Italy and Spain. The European Space Agency and the German Aerospace center have invested in radar technology. Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/military-radar-systems-market-1413 Brief TOC: 1. Introduction 1.1 Report Description 1.2 Research Objective 2. Executive Summary 2.1 Key Findings / Highlights 2.1.1 Investment Opportunities 2.1.2 Market Startegies 2.1.3 Latest Developments 3. Scope Of The Study 3.1 Markets Covered 3.2 Years Considered For The Study (2016-2021) 3.2 Geographic Scope 3.3 Key Stakeholders 4. Assumptions and Limitations 5. Research Methodology 5.1 Primary Research 5.2 Secondary Research 5.3 Econometric and Forecasting Model Continue… About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members. Contact: Akash Anand, Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Statistics from Nasdaq Nordic Exchange May 2017 – Summary in Finnish Next PostNext Notifications on manager’s related parties transactions Search Recent Posts Assessing Country Risk : Selected Approaches Towards Solving Taranaki’s Connectivity Problems Matson Increases Its South Pacific Express Service with ‘Samoana’ Cultural barriers create issues for Chinese start-ups Online start-up seeks to open Chinese export doors Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Low-Cost 3D Printers Market Opportunities, Technologies and Materials While a number of low-cost 3D printer manufacturers have doubled, tripled, or even quadrupled revenues in 2015, the most visible names such as MakerBot and 3D Systems struggled greatly. Read Full Report www.reportsnreports.com/reports/520461-opportunities-in-l…. This report provides the most thorough market analysis available of where the low-cost 3D printer market is headed. The keys to success in this complex segment of 3DP market are (1)Understanding where low cost 3D printers can generate revenues and where they are merely being hyped, (2)The formulation and execution of a well-defined product/market strategy. The New Low-Cost Printer Market: Professional and Enterprise This report focuses on those market segments where analysis of low-cost 3D printer suggests money will be made in the coming years. With this in mind, the emphasis is especially on: •Enterprise and corporate markets: Acceptance from enterprise businesses and large corporations helped drive the low-cost printer market to another year of solid growth. Fortune 500 manufacturers like Dell, Siemens, Caterpillar, Boeing, Ford, have all markedly increased their purchasing of low-cost printers due to the access they provide for distributed prototyping. Request Sample for this Report www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/requestsample.aspx?name=…. This report takes a look at the long-term potential for enterprise and corporate markets and the strategies available to hardware makers for entering this part of the low-cost 3D printer market. •Professional markets: Although consumer 3D printers beyond the “maker” market looks some way off, the analysts is seeing the rapid development of a professional market for 3D printers – at architects and designers. •Consumer markets: Although the true consumer 3DP market is not here yet, the analysts continue to believe that consumer 3DP is far from dead. To demonstrate where the real opportunities for consumer 3D printing will be found, this report includes unique feasibility analysis of available low-cost 3D printing technologies for the consumer user base, along with a logical penetration analysis and adoption timeline for consumer 3D printing. Clarifying Misconceptions and Strategies This report is also designed to clarify the many misconceptions that have emerged with regard to the low-cost printer market in 2016 and beyond and to demonstrate which strategies will help this market emerge from being the “Wild West” of 3D printing. Buy a copy of report @ www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=520461. Why should you buy this report? •Ten-year forecasts for low-cost printer hardware by printing technology, material shipments and revenue projections by category •Market share estimates for more than a dozen of the top competitors in the low-cost printer market. •Unique feasibility analysis of available low-cost 3D printing technologies for the consumer user base, along with a logical penetration analysis and adoption timeline for consumer 3D printing. •The report provides both the necessary market data and competitive analysis for firms – (printer makers, retailers, materials companies, service providers, and others). Inquire for Discount www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/discount.aspx?name=520461. Table of Contents Examining Market Opportunities for Low Cost 3D Printers The Consumer Market for Low Cost 3D Printers The Professional Market for Low Cost 3D Printers The Future of Low Cost 3D Printing and Ten Year Market Forecasts ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. Ritesh Tiwari Maharashtra, India. Tel: +1-888-391-5441 sales@reportsandreports.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsMedia & Telecommunications Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Speech by Dr Amy Khor, Senior Minister of State, Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources at the Eco Action Day Circular Economy Roundtable on 1 June 2017 Next PostNext Global Borosilicate Tubes Market 2022: Analysis by Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers Search Recent Posts KKR Closes US$9.3 Billion Asian Fund III New York Governor Cuomo, California Governor Brown, and Washington Governor Inslee Announce Formation of United States Climate Alliance Global Anti-money Laundering Software Industry Market Research Report 2017 Global High Density PE Wax Market Size 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 IMF Executive Board Concludes 2017 Article IV Consultation with Algeria Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ Airborne Wireless Network Successfully Performs its Proof of Concept Flight Test Airborne Wireless Network Successfully Performs its Proof of Concept Flight Test donderdag 1 juni 2017 14:31 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire SIMI VALLEY, California, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Airborne Wireless Network is pleased to announce that on May 31, 2017, it completed its Proof of Concept flight tests in Roswell, New Mexico. https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/508284/Airborne_Logo.jpg [https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/508284/Airborne_Logo.jpg] The Proof of Concept flight tests were performed using two Boeing 767s and a temporary mobile mast system, emulating a ground station. The Company plans to provide the results of the flight tests once all of the data have been compiled from all participating partners. About Airborne Wireless Network The Company intends to create a high-speed broadband airborne wireless network by linking commercial aircraft in flight. It is projected that each aircraft participating in the network will act as an airborne repeater or router, sending and receiving broadband signals from one aircraft to the next and creating a digital superhighway in the sky. The Company intends the network to be a high-speed broadband internet pipeline to improve coverage connectivity. The Company does not intend to provide retail customer coverage to end users, but, instead, act as a wholesale carrier with target customers, such as internet service providers and telephone companies. Currently, the world's connectivity is achieved by use of undersea cables, ground based fiber and satellites. The Company believes that the Company's airborne digital highway may be a solution to fill the world's connectivity void. Once the network is developed and fully implemented, its uses may be limitless. The Company's network, once developed, should provide low-cost, high-speed connectivity to rural areas, island nations, ships at sea, oil platforms, in addition to connectivity to commercial and private aircraft in flight. For further information see: www.airbornewirelessnetwork.com [http://www.airbornewirelessnetwork.com/] Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: This release includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, availability of capital; the inherent uncertainties associated with developing new products or technologies and operating as a development stage company; our ability to raise the additional funding we will need to continue to pursue our business and product development plans; our ability to develop and commercialize products based on our technology platform; competition in the industry in which we operate and market; general industry conditions; general economic factors; the impact of industry regulation; technological advances; new products and patents attained by competitors; manufacturing difficulties or delays; dependence on the effectiveness of the company's patents; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. Contact: Robert Haag IRTH Communications Phone 1-866-976-4784 ABWN@irthcommunications.com [mailto:ABWN@irthcommunications.com] Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/508284/Airborne_Logo.jpg [https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/508284/Airborne_Logo.jpg] Web site: http://www.airbornewirelessnetwork.com/ PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie MMS and GfK Close-in on Total Video Ratings Currency in Sweden vrijdag 2 juni 2017 09:01 DSM - Repurchase of Shares (26 May - 1 June 2017) vrijdag 2 juni 2017 09:01 Phoenix Integration Releases ModelCenter® Version 12 vrijdag 2 juni 2017 08:30 CIVIS Media Prize 2017 - 13 Programmes Honored in Berlin donderdag 1 juni 2017 21:42 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Contact Verrijn Stuartlaan 7 2288 EK Rijswijk 070 - 41 41 234 Follow us Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact Algemene voorwaarden APS Direct Login ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire 070 - 41 41 234
The best international journalism. Finally in English. SUBSCRIBE LOG IN NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIBE LOG IN Home world affairs business / finance culture / society tech / science opinion / analysis Home world affairs business / finance culture / society tech / science opinion / analysis Sources & Partners Special Series About us Contact Corporate Services Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Legal Mentions Worldcrunch © All Rights Reserved Donald Trump's "Military First" Administration Trump at 136th Coast Guard Academy commencement ceremony in May. - Richard Brahm/Planet Pix/ZUMA       2017-06-01 U.S. President Trump has changed from a candidate concerned with the economic plight of ordinary Americans, to an imperialist president fascinated by military power. Juan Gabriel Tokatlian CLARIN English edition • WORLDCRUNCH 2017-06-01 English edition • WORLDCRUNCH 2017-06-01 -Analysis- BUENOS AIRES — The campaign slogan that helped get Donald J. Trump elected to the White House and that has characterized his first 100 days in office needs to be clarified: "America First" has so far actually meant "military first." Trump's announcements on tax reform, his executive orders affecting the economy and finances and his promises of unilateral action on trade will not necessarily strengthen the country's industrial or productive foundations, nor reduce material inequalities or social and cultural divisions. What is clear since January is that there has been greater emphasis on military muscle than diplomatic tact, an emphasis that was already evident since the end of the Cold War, and even more so since the attacks of September 11, 2001. Trump has unveiled his vision of strategic primacy: Washington will not tolerate the rise and advance of any power to the level of the U.S. This strategy was pursued by George W. Bush, then calibrated somewhat under Barack Obama and is now back in full force under Trump, as several indicators show: First, there is the military presence within the administration headed by Secretary of Defense James Mattis, Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly and National Security Advisor H. R. McMaster, all senior officers. People tied to the defense industry also occupy top positions, such as Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson, who had links to Lockheed subsidiary firms and investments in companies like Raytheon and Honeywell; Benjamin Cassidy, a senior official in the Department of Homeland Security who was an executive at Boeing; and Michael Catanzaro at the National Economic Council, who was a lobbyist for Halliburton. Added to these are well-known hawks like Attorney General Jeff Sessions and CIA Director Mike Pompeo. Using the most lethal arms does not necessarily make strategic sense, but it does convey a wish to appear more offensive Second, the administration decided to increase the defense budget by $54 billion for 2018, over the current $600 billion, while cutting the budgets of education, healthcare, environmental protection and international aid. Third, there has been a significant growth in the arms business. According to the Forum on the Arms Trade, Obama's first 100 days in office resulted in $713 million worth of notified arms sales, while arms sales in Trump's first 100 days totaled $6 billion. It was no wonder, therefore, that Moody's Investors Service noted an improved market climate for the military industry in March 2017 after a fall in the sector's contracts during 2012-15. Fourth, the new administration has continued and expanded the use of force with more potent and threatening weapons. A recent report in the Council on Foreign Relations said that the Obama administration launched 26,171 bombs in 2016, while it observed a 400% increase in drone attacks by the Trump administration. A military flyover in Saudi Arabia in May — Photo: Andrea Hanks/Planet Pix/ZUMA The report notes that the administration has increased U.S. involvement in Yemen, expanded military operations in Africa (especially Somalia), launched 59 Tomahawk missile attacks on Syria, dropped the "mother of all bombs" (MOAB) on a site in Afghanistan and is contemplating sudden military action against North Korea. Using the most lethal arms does not necessarily make strategic sense, but it does convey a wish to appear more offensive in conflicts where the United States has not demonstrated decisive victories. And fifth, there is clearly a political, bureaucratic and corporate backdrop to the belligerence of Trump's early presidency. During his campaign and in the early days of his administration, Trump's main focus was on terrorism, and other goals seemed limited. Over time, under pressure from civil and military actors and partly in response to his allies' demands, internal complications grew and with them, the belief that the use of force could deliver domestic political gains. Hence the decisions to step up the "war on terrorism," to threaten Iran and North Korea, to reconsider Russia's position as a major enemy of the West, to tacitly suggest "regime changes," reinforce certain Middle East alliances that have not contributed to boosting the region's alliances, tighten the geopolitical noose around China and to insinuate the willingness to cross red lines in the use of weapons of mass destruction. This is why the core policy of Donald Trump, whose personal style combines boldness and ignorance, is a resurgent United States where the military comes first. View article in original language ABOUT THE SOURCE All rights reserved © Worldcrunch - in partnership with CLARIN Subscribe to our newsletter for more great reads CRUNCHED BY Alidad Vassigh Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. RELATED STORIES France Toulouse To Manchester: Our Children's Blood, Our Own Denial United States Donald Trump's "Military First" Administration Israel No Messiah Can Solve The Israeli-Palestinian Conflict For Us France Channel Reversal: Will The Free Market Leave London For Paris? Brazil How Lula's Corruption Case Could Return Him To The Presidency OUR SOURCES AND PARTNERS × The only truly global source for news. Get Worldcrunch delivered daily in your inbox. SIGN ME UP! × Thanks for signing up! Worldcrunch About us Contact Newsletters Corporate Services Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Legal Mentions Categories world affairs business / finance culture / society tech / science opinion / analysis Blogs Try all access now for just $0.99 SUBSCRIBE NOW
Airforce Technology News, views and contacts from the global Air Force industry Log in or Register Advertise With Us Aircraft Aircraft Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Analysis The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Helicopters Helicopters Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Unmanned Systems Unmanned Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Snipe Nano Quadrotor UAS Snipe Nano Quadrotor UAS Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Projects PD-1 Unmanned Aerial System PD-1 Unmanned Aerial System Projects UVH-29E Unmanned Aerial Vehicle UVH-29E Unmanned Aerial Vehicle C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Projects GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft Weapons and Systems Weapons and Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Analysis XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks MRO and Logistics MRO and Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Analysis Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers United Electronic Industries - High-Density, Rugged Data Acquisition for Airforce Applications High-Density, Rugged Data Acquisition for Airforce Applications Suppliers 3W International - Heavy-Fuel and Gas Engines for Unmanned Aircraft Heavy-Fuel and Gas Engines for Unmanned Aircraft Suppliers Stäubli Electrical Connectors - Technological Solutions and Contact Systems for the Defence Industry Technological Solutions and Contact Systems for the Defence Industry Suppliers Rubb Buildings - Hangars and Sunshades for Military Aircraft and Helicopters Hangars and Sunshades for Military Aircraft and Helicopters Videos Events All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » News On Jun 1 2017 USAF tests KC-46A Pegasus multirole tanker at Benefield Anechoic Facility The US Air Force (USAF) is testing KC-46A Pegasus multirole tanker at Benefield Anechoic Facility (BAF) at Edwards Air Force Base, California, US. The testing is being conducted to show that the aerial refuelling tanker is in compliance with the Federal Aviation Administration certification requirements and the US Department of Defense (DoD) electromagnetic environmental effects requirements for systems. The tests, including shielding effectiveness, emission control and high intensity radiated fields, would confirm that the KC-46A systems do not suffer performance degradation that would prevent mission completion when subjected to the external radio frequency environment, the USAF stated. These tests are being carried out by Boeing, 772nd Test Squadron, 418th Flight Test Squadron and the Naval Surface Warfare Center Dahlgren Division. Operated by the 772nd Test Squadron, the BAF provides a free space so electronic warfare tests can be conducted without radio frequency interference from the outside world. "Operated by the 772nd Test Squadron, the BAF provides a free space so electronic warfare tests can be conducted without radio frequency interference from the outside world." The BAF is said to be the largest anechoic chamber in the world and can fit most aircraft inside. It is filled with polyurethane and polyethylene pyramids designed to stop reflections of electromagnetic waves. 772nd Test Squadron project lead engineer Delia Reyes said: “It also provides efficient testing that requires a large amount of high-power RF radiation, whereas outdoors this would be very restrictive and typically limited to shorter night-time test operations.” The USAF initiated the KC-46A tanker modernisation programme to replace about a third of the service’s ageing fleet of KC-135 Stratotanker fleet. The KC-46A is capable of providing boom and drogue refuelling on the same sortie, world-wide navigation and communication, and airlift capability on the entire main deck floor. It is also proficient in receiver air refuelling, improved force protection and survivability, and multi-point air refuelling capability. Image: A Boeing KC-46 Pegasus is loaded on the rotating platform at the Benefield Anechoic Facility for a series of avionics tests. Photo: courtesy of the US Air Force photo by Christopher Okula. Share Related Articles » Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest air force industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Contact us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.airforce-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Airborne Wireless Network (ABWN: OTCQB) | Airborne Wireless Network Successfully Performs its Proof of Concept Flight Test SIMI VALLEY, Calif., June 1, 2017 /CNW/ — Airborne Wireless Network (OTC QB: ABWN) is pleased to announce that on May 31, 2017, it completed its Proof of Concept flight tests in Roswell, New Mexico. The Proof of Concept flight tests were performed using two Boeing 767s and a temporary mobile mast system, emulating a ground station. The Company plans to provide the results of the flight tests once all of the data have been compiled from all participating partners. About Airborne Wireless Network          The Company intends to create a high-speed broadband airborne wireless network by linking commercial aircraft in flight. It is projected that each aircraft participating in the network will act as an airborne repeater or router, sending and receiving broadband signals from one aircraft to the next and creating a digital superhighway in the sky. The Company intends the network to be a high-speed broadband internet pipeline to improve coverage connectivity. The Company does not intend to provide retail customer coverage to end users, but, instead, act as a wholesale carrier with target customers, such as internet service providers and telephone companies. Currently, the world’s connectivity is achieved by use of undersea cables, ground based fiber and satellites. The Company believes that the Company’s airborne digital highway may be a solution to fill the world’s connectivity void. Once the network is developed and fully implemented, its uses may be limitless. The Company’s network, once developed, should provide low-cost, high-speed connectivity to rural areas, island nations, ships at sea, oil platforms, in addition to connectivity to commercial and private aircraft in flight. For further information see: www.airbornewirelessnetwork.com Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: This release includes „forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.  Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, availability of capital; the inherent uncertainties associated with developing new products or technologies and operating as a development stage company; our ability to raise the additional funding we will need to continue to pursue our business and product development plans; our ability to develop and commercialize products based on our technology platform; competition in the industry in which we operate and market; general industry conditions; general economic factors; the impact of industry regulation; technological advances; new products and patents attained by competitors; manufacturing difficulties or delays; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. Contact: Robert Haag IRTH Communications Phone 1-866-976-4784 ABWN@irthcommunications.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/airborne-wireless-network-successfully-performs-its-proof-of-concept-flight-test-300466905.html SOURCE Airborne Wireless Network Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market Poised to Grow at 5.1% CAGR During 2017 to 2022 and Reach $1.7 Billion in 2022, Signal Connector Likely to Remain the Most Dominant Product Type During the Forecast Period Next PostNext The American Society of Appraisers 2017-2018 Election Results Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. TSX VENTURE : OML OTCQX : OLNCF June 01, 2017 08:30 ET Omni-Lite Industries Announces Normal Course Issuer Bid LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA--(Marketwired - June 1, 2017) - Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. (TSX VENTURE:OML)(OTCQX:OLNCF) ("Omni-Lite" or the "Company") announces that it has submitted to the TSX Venture Exchange ("TSXV") its Notice of Intention to Make a Normal Course Issuer Bid ("Bid"). Pursuant to the Bid, the Company may purchase for cancellation up to 800,000 common shares of the Company which is equal to approximately 7.7 percent of the 10,369,120 issued and outstanding shares. Echelon Wealth Partners will be conducting the NCIB on behalf of the Company in accordance with the rules of the TSXV. The consideration paid for any such Common Shares will be the open market price at the time of acquisition. The Company will make no purchases of Common Shares other than open market purchases or other such means approved by the TSXV. The actual number of Common Shares of the Company that are purchased for cancellation under the Bid, if any, and the timing of such purchases will be determined by management as approved by the Board of Directors of the Company. To the knowledge of the Company, no director, senior officer or other insider of Omni-Lite currently intends to sell any Common Shares into this Bid. In the case a director, senior officer, or insider does sell any common shares into the Bid, the benefits to any such person would be the same as the benefits available to all other holders whose shares are purchased. The Company has repurchased and has canceled a total of 790,000 common shares pursuant to the previous normal course issuer bid which ended May 25, 2017. Purchases on the new NCIB may begin on June 1, 2017 and the Bid expires on May 31, 2018. Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. is a rapidly growing high technology company that develops and manufactures precision components utilized by Fortune 500 companies including Boeing, Airbus, Bombardier, Embraer, Alcoa, Ford, Borg Warner, Chrysler, the U.S. Military, Nike, and adidas. Reader Advisory Except for statements of historical fact, this news release contains certain "forward-looking information" within the meaning of applicable securities law. Forward-looking information is frequently characterized by words such as "plan", "expect", "project", "intend", "believe", "anticipate", "estimate" and other similar words, or statements that certain events or conditions "may" or "will" occur. In particular, forward-looking information in this press release includes, but is not limited to the expected future performance of the Company. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking information are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. We cannot guarantee future results, performance or achievements. Consequently, there is no representation that the actual results achieved will be the same, in whole or in part, as those set out in the forward-looking information. Forward-looking information is based on the opinions and estimates of management at the date the statements are made, and are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking information. Some of the risks and other factors that could cause the results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking information include, but are not limited to: general economic conditions in Canada, the United States and globally; industry conditions, governmental regulation, including environmental regulation; unanticipated operating events or performance; failure to obtain industry partner and other third party consents and approvals, if and when required; the availability of capital on acceptable terms; the need to obtain required approvals from regulatory authorities; stock market volatility; competition for, among other things, capital, skilled personnel and supplies; changes in tax laws; and the other risk factors disclosed under our profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. Readers are cautioned that this list of risk factors should not be construed as exhaustive. The forward-looking information contained in this news release is expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. We undertake no duty to update any of the forward-looking information to conform such information to actual results or to changes in our expectations except as otherwise required by applicable securities legislation. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information. Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. Contact Information Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. Mr. David Grant, CEO Tel. No. (562) 404-8510 or (800) 577-6664 Cell. No. (714) 757-8863 Email: d.grant@omni-lite.com Website: www.omni-lite.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. From this industry Manufacturing and Production From this sub-industry Machinery and Tools See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to main content Login Subscribe Connect News News Container One This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink News Container Two Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Awards Awards Container One All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits Awards Container Two Biggest Deals Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year Most Influential Women Extras Extras Container One All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Auto Show Detroit Homecoming Flint water crisis Food Economy Extras Container Two Giving Guide Mackinac Policy Conference Michigan Stock Center Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected Wayne County Jail Data Data Container One Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Blogs / Opinion Blog Opinion Container Zero Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Blog Opinion Container One Crain's Blogs Bill Shea - Sports business Carlos Portocarrero - Digital City Moments Chad Livengood - Detroit Rising Dustin Walsh - Economic Issues Jay Greene - Health care Kristin Bull - Detroit in the Media Blog Opinion Container Two . Kirk Pinho - Real estate Lindsay VanHulle - Covering the Capitol Mary Kramer - Inside Detroit Business Ron Fournier - Publisher/Editor Sherri Welch - Nonprofits Tom Henderson - Venture capital, banking, private equity, tech startups Wish List - A part of the Crain's Giving Guide Events Events Container One All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multemedia Container One Multimedia Video Audio Photo Galleries Login Subscribe Connect Top Stories × Top Stories × Michigan Stock Index VISIT THE CRAIN'S MICHIGAN STOCK CENTER × Weather Forecast for Detroit Change Current Conditions 59 Friday 73/58 F Clouds Saturday 77/62 F Rain Sunday 76/64 F Rain Monday 68/58 F Rain Tuesday 62/57 F Rain June 01, 2017 7:31 am      Updated 18 hours ago Whirlpool heats up trade fight with Samsung, LG over washers By Nick Turner and Jing Cao Bloomberg Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Comments Email Printer-friendly version Michigan Nonauto Manufacturing Trade Whirlpool Corp. is renewing allegations that its South Korean rivals illegally undercut prices on washing machines, setting up a trade fight that could be settled by the Trump administration. Sales at the Benton Harbor-based manufacturer's washer division, meanwhile, have been hampered by the situation. The American appliance giant on Wednesday filed a petition with the U.S. International Trade Commission against Samsung Electronics Co. and LG Electronics Inc. The so-called safeguard petition is meant to provide help to domestic manufacturers hurt by importers selling products at excessively low prices. "This filing addresses unprecedented behavior by two serial violators of U.S. trade laws," Whirlpool Chief Executive Officer Jeff Fettig said in a statement. In the filing, Whirlpool alleges Samsung and LG pursued a strategy of selling washing machines in the U.S. at artificially low prices, then doing an "end run" around U.S. anti-dumping laws intended to prevent such behavior. For example, the South Korean companies moved production to Vietnam and Thailand to avoid duties being imposed by the U.S. on machines they made in China, Whirlpool alleges. The long-simmering conflict has the potential to become a high-profile test for President Donald Trump. Trade and domestic manufacturing were signature issues in his campaign, and Fettig serves as a member of the president's manufacturing council. If the trade commission decides in Whirlpool's favor, it could recommend that Trump's administration step in and slap tariffs on the competitors' products. Whirlpool's filing would be the latest in a series of complaints companies have filed with the ITC, a federal tribunal that rules on trade disputes. Last month, Boeing Co. accused Bombardier Inc. of selling passenger jets in the U.S. at "absurdly low prices," asking the U.S. to impose duties on the Canadian jet builder. Trump has threatened to pull the U.S. out of its free-trade agreement with South Korea, calling the 2012 deal a "one-way street" that has only benefited the Asian country. The U.S. trade deficit with South Korea last year, at about $28 billion, was the eighth-largest shortfall among U.S. trading partners, according to Census Bureau data. Whirlpool's dispute follows cases in which the U.S. government has determined that the South Korean companies injured U.S. manufacturers by selling washing machines in the country at illegal prices, Whirlpool said. "In light of their apparent inability to compete with leading global brands like LG in the U.S. market, Whirlpool has decided to seek government restrictions to limit consumer choices," LG said in an emailed statement. The company said that in order for Whirlpool to succeed in its petition, it would have to prove that the imported goods are found to be a significant cause of serious injury to U.S. producers — "a high legal standard that Whirlpool cannot meet," LG said. Representatives for Samsung didn't have an immediate response to the filing. The disagreement with the South Korean companies dates back years, with victories on both sides. In 2011, Whirlpool alleged that its overseas rivals were receiving unfair government subsidies and selling products in the U.S. at below-market values. In 2013, South Korea filed a World Trade Organization dispute challenging the U.S. Commerce Department's calculations. It won a ruling from the WTO last year. The company's washer division has underperformed its other businesses, Fettig said. "If not for this unlawful behavior, we believe our washer category would have thrived like the rest of our North American business," he said. Whirlpool previously scored a win at the ITC in January, when it granted the company's request to place dumping duties on imports of large residential washing machines from China. The 6-0 decision paved the way for final duties on the products of as much as 52.5 percent. The company posted earnings last quarter that fell short of analysts' estimates, though in that case it blamed efforts to integrate Italy's Indesit SpA with its European operations. MICHIGAN MORNING NEWSLETTER Get a roundup of important news that happens each day. News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Blogs / Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Auto Show Detroit Homecoming Flint water crisis Food economy Giving Guide Mackinac Policy Conference Michigan Stock Center Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected Wayne County Jail Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits Biggest Deals Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year Most Influential Women Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries Connect With Crain's Connect Guide to Crain's Detroit Business About Crain's Detroit Business Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business Contact the Crain's staff Contact Customer Service Subscribe to email newsletters Crain's reprints Classified advertising Crain's Job Connect Crain Content Studio Detroit: Let us tell your story Crain's Detroit Business Privacy Statement Buy a copy of Crain's Corrections Crain Content Studio Detroit Crain Content Studio — Detroit Giving Guide Custom Print E-newsletters Video Webinars Sponsor-contributed Advertising Advertising Opportunities 2017 Editorial Calendar (PDF) Classified advertising People on the Move Email Newsletters Crain's Michigan Morning Crain's Afternoon Report Crain's Breaking News Alert Crain's The Weekend Report Crain's People on the Move Crain's Health Care Extra Crain's Sports Business Report Crain's Nonprofit Report Crain's Detroit 2.0 Crain's Manufacturing Report This Week's Issue May 29, 2017 Connect with Crain's Detroit Business Twitter Facebook Linkedin Contact Subscribe Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman ViaSat-2 Scheduled for Launch Tonight, June 1 at 4:45 PM PDT CARLSBAD, Calif., June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — ViaSat Inc. (NASDAQ: VSAT), a global broadband services and technology company, is proud to announce its ViaSat-2 satellite will launch tonight from the Guiana Space Center located in Kourou, French Guiana. The launch window is scheduled to open at 4:45 pm PDT (8:45 pm in Kourou) with a live webcast of the event starting at 4:30 pm PDT, streaming on www.viasat.com. The Arianespace Ariane 5 ECA launch vehicle will be responsible for sending the 6,418 kg ViaSat-2 satellite into its geostationary transfer orbit. ViaSat-2 will be located at the 69.9° west longitude orbital slot. The ViaSat-2 mission will take less than 30 minutes from liftoff to separation. Once the satellite separates from the rocket, the next major event will be acquisition, which is the point at which the satellite first communicates with, and accepts commands from a ground station. Acquisition is expected to occur approximately 15 minutes after separation from the launch vehicle. At that point, the mission can be considered successful. Launch Window The launch window for ViaSat-2 is one hour in duration, opening at 4:45 pm PDT / 8:45 pm GFT / 11:45 pm UTC. ViaSat, Arianespace and Boeing Satellite Systems International (the ViaSat-2 satellite manufacturer) will work closely to determine and confirm that conditions are appropriate for liftoff within the launch window. If conditions are not suitable for liftoff within the available launch window, the launch will be held until the following day, which follows the normal course of business for launch activities. About ViaSat-2 The ViaSat-2 satellite system is expected to significantly improve speeds, reduce costs and expand the footprint of broadband services across North America, Central America, the Caribbean and a portion of northern South America, as well as the primary aeronautical and maritime routes across the Atlantic Ocean between North America and Europe.  ViaSat-2 is a geostationary satellite that operates in Ka-band frequencies. It was designed to offer high-capacity connectivity and wide coverage, with the flexibility to move capacity to where demand requires it. As compared to ViaSat-1, ViaSat-2 is expected to double the bandwidth, with more than 300 Gigabits per second (Gbps) of total network capacity, as well as provide seven times the broadband coverage. About ViaSat ViaSat, Inc. (NASDAQ: VSAT) keeps the world connected. As a global broadband services and technology company, ViaSat ensures consumers, businesses, governments and military personnel have communications access – anywhere – whether on the ground or in-flight. The Company’s innovations in designing highest-capacity satellites and secure ground infrastructure and terminal technologies coupled with its international network of managed Wi-Fi hotspots enable ViaSat to deliver a best available network that extends the reach and accessibility of broadband internet service, globally. For more information visit ViaSat at:  www.viasat.com, or follow the Company on social media:  Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube. Forward Looking Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward looking statements include statements about the launch, orbital slot placement and entry into service of the ViaSat-2 satellite and the timing thereof, as well as the anticipated benefits, performance, coverage, capacity, bandwidth economics, service speed and other features of the ViaSat-2 satellite. Readers are cautioned that actual results could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ include: risks associated with the launch, orbital slot placement, in-orbit testing and operation of the ViaSat-2 satellite, including the effect of any anomaly, operational failure or degradation in satellite performance, and the Company’s ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the ViaSat-2 satellite. In addition, please refer to the risk factors contained in ViaSat’s SEC filings available at www.sec.gov, including ViaSat’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. ViaSat undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements for any reason. Copyright © 2017 ViaSat, Inc. All rights reserved. All other product or company names mentioned are used for identification purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective owners. ViaSat is a registered trademark of ViaSat, Inc. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/viasat-2-scheduled-for-launch-tonight-june-1-at-445-pm-pdt-300466821.html SOURCE ViaSat, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Delphi Energy Completes Annual Credit Facility Review Next PostNext Retail shop raided for suspected illegal sale of unregistered pharmaceutical product (with photo) Search Recent Posts Paper Bags Market : Key Growth Factors and Industry Analysis 2017-2027 Research focused on the Satellite Propulsion System market to grow at 4.09% CAGR during 2017 to 2021 Inflammatory Diseases Market : Recent Industry Trends, Analysis and Forecast 2027 Global Sports Betting Market: How the Market has witnessed Substantial Growth in recent years and What Factors will drive the Market in Upcoming Years? Global Healthcare Clinical Analytics Market Growth, Trends & Forecast (2017 – 2022) Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu THREES For only the fourth time in 17 years, three rockets are aiming to launch into orbit in one day Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession Space Business June 01, 2017 SpaceX launches a satellite for Inmarsat on May 16, 2017. (SpaceX) Share Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession Space Business June 01, 2017 If you need to measure whether the pace of space activity is really increasing or if people just get excited about rockets, consider that for the first time in five years, three orbital rockets will launch today on three different continents—and all three are on commercial missions. First, just after midnight GMT on June 1, a Japanese HII-A rocket operated by Mitsubishi launched a satellite intended to enhance global positioning system usage over Japan and the surrounding region, allowing more precise navigation in dense cities, for example. Launch of the #JAXA H-IIA with #QZS2. Reports that the second stage now in parking orbit. pic.twitter.com/PpPRMpxtQy — Alasdair Allan (@aallan) June 1, 2017 Then, if all goes as planned, Elon Musk’s SpaceX will fly its 11th mission to the International Space Station on behalf of NASA, at 5:55 pm EST/21:55 GMT. For the first time, much of its Dragon spacecraft will be reused from previous missions, part of the company’s cost-cutting efforts. And finally, coming in just under the wire at 7:45 pm EST/23:45 pm GMT, an Ariane 5 rocket will launch two communications satellites, one each from ViaSat and Eutelsat, from the European space champion’s South American spaceport in French Guiana. According to data kept by astrophysicist Jonathan McDowell, the last time three orbital rocket launches occurred on the same day was on May 17, 2012. Then, Russia launched a military satellite and a Canadian broadcast satellite on separate rockets, as a Japanese rocket launched satellites for its own space agency and Korea’s. Triple launches also occurred on June 15, 2010 (two Russian launches, including a convoy of astronauts to the International Space Station, and a Chinese launch) as well as on December 21, 2005 (again, two Russian launches, and an Arianespace launch from its Guiana space center). So today’s will be only the fourth triple-launch day in the last 17 years. By contrast, there were seven such days during the decade of the 1990s. The return of a triple-launch date, while essentially a coincidence, is a sign that after several years of growing pains, commercial rocket companies are starting to hit the tempos that have promised to boost access to space while reducing the cost. Those dreams were delayed by funding struggles; a launch failure and a fueling accident at the newest rocket giant, SpaceX, that kept its rockets grounded for 10 months in the last two years; and even political turmoil in French Guiana, home to Arianespace’s launch site. Now, the three major commercial space access providers are hoping to clear out a multi-year backlog of satellites. SpaceX is anticipating a dozen more missions this year, and has managed to maintain its goal of one launch every two weeks in May, with three launches anticipated in June. ULA, the Boeing-Lockheed Martin joint venture, expects to fly eight more missions this year. Arianespace also has eight more launches on its manifest, but is still resetting its plans following the political discord in French Guiana. The pace of launch being reached by the rocket firms has had knock-on effects for both satellite operators and manufacturers. At Boeing’s busy satellite factory in Los Angeles, an over-crowded floor has finally started to clear, with two satellites it built launched in the last two months and a third, Viasat-2, scheduled to fly today. Having multiple rockets in operation is easing the burden on the executives responsible for the multi-ton, multi-million-dollar flying computers we rely on in space. “Launch vehicles come and go, in a way; they have periods of issues, take time to come back and restore reliability, or sometimes they have congestion problems,” Michele Franci, the chief technical officer of Inmarsat, told Quartz after the company’s Boeing-built comms satellite launched on a SpaceX rocket from Cape Canaveral on May 16. “Having diversity in the choice of the launchers, having access to more than one, is really important to hedge your bets and protect the deployments of your assets.” That kind of confidence, along with falling prices spurred by SpaceX’s push into reusability, has led to a flood of private investment into space start-ups, from satellite makers to companies marketing small rockets specially made for launching the latest generation of lightweight satellites. Most Popular Stop being positive and just cultivate neutrality for existential cool Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
X SORRY, No RESULTS FOUND LOAD MORE News notification hi, my dashboard profile setting logout sign in / sign up Home india world sports weird FOR YOU Trending Four International Manufacturers Ready To Supply 57 Fighter Jets To The Indian Navy Home News india world sports weird Technology News Apps Science And Future Lifestyle self style who we are travel food Entertainment bollywood celebscoop hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Sports Videos Trending Home > News > india Four International Manufacturers Ready To Supply 57 Fighter Jets To The Indian Navy Indiatimes June 01, 2017 While the Indian Navy is looking to add more fighter jets in its arsenal, four international manufacturers have shown a keen interest in supplying 57 multi-role combat fighter jets for its aircraft carrier, Indian Navy chief Sunil Lanba said today. The chief of naval staff also said the Scorpene submarine Kalvari is going through its final phase of trials and should be delivered by July-August. Reuters According to reports, having rejected indigenously built 'Tejas' as too heavy, the Indian Navy in January issued a Request for Information to procure 57 multi-role combat aircraft for its carrier. "The Navy has got a response from four players for the RFI. We will examine the RFI and take it forward," Lanba said on the sidelines of a seminar organised by FICCI on 'Building India's Future Navy Technology Imperatives'. He, however, did not disclose the name of the companies which have shown interest in the proposal. At present, the Navy operates 45 MIG-29K jets which face serviceability issues from time to time. Currently, six planes are compatible for aircraft carrier. They are Rafale (Dassault, France), F-18 Super Hornet (Boeing, US), MIG-29K (Russia), F-35B and F-35C (Lockheed Martin, US) and Gripen (Saab, Sweden). Reuters While F-18, Rafale and MIG-29K are twin engine jets, the remaining three have single engine. The delivery of deck-based fighter jets is expected to take four-five years. The indigenously built aircraft-carrier Vikrant should complete trials in 2019. It was likely to be commissioned by 2020, Lanba said. When asked about the recently approved Strategic Partnership (SP) model under which select private firms will be engaged to build military platforms like submarines and battle helicopters, Lanba said the next step would be to identify strategic partners. "All three service chiefs will have to go and get the AONs (Acceptance of Necessity) on what we want to be built through strategic partners, so that partners in each segment can be identified. Reuters "We are hopeful that we should be able to move this process in next six months," he said. Four segments -- submarines, fighter aircraft, helicopters and armoured carriers/main battle tanks -- were identified under the new policy, aimed at attracting billions of dollars of investment in defence manufacturing by private defence majors including leading foreign firms. Don't Miss Indian Navy Sets An Example By Initiating Court Martial Of An Officer For Allegedly Molesting... 1.2K SHARES After 32 Years In The Service Of The Nation, INS Ganga Will Finally Retire Today 1.8K SHARES Kerala Becomes The First State In India To Provide Electricity To Every Household 18.9K SHARES Kerala's Munnar Hill Station Chosen The 'Best Destination For Romance' By Lonely Planet 16.8K SHARES Kerala, West Bengal Announce War On Cattle Slaughter Ban. Tamil Nadu, Karnataka Join Protests 25.8K SHARES The Ministry of Defence had recently scrapped navy's decision to appoint Flag Officer Delhi Area (FODA) and Flag officer Gujarat Naval area (FOGNA) without its consent. Responding to this, Lanba said, "We are in discussion with the Ministry of Defence and we will resolve it." Inputs from PTI PROMOTED STORIES State Farm Insurance In conversation with Sam Jain. COLOMBIA Grow your business. Reach targeted audience BOLLYWOODUNION Actresses who rejected roles opposite the Khans Property Share Profitable option in Bangalore property market Milaap She lost her first child to the same disorder Scribol The Moment When This Pit Bull Realizes He’s Being Given .. just in world Trump’s America Has Been The Most 'Victimised' In The World, And India Is To Be Blamed Partner 317 SHARES Ranbir Kapoor’s Latest Travel Video Is Something Every Traveller Must Watch. We Are Definitely Loving It india In Haryana Gau Rakshaks Stab A Student Mistaking Him For A Journalist After He Refused To Click Their Photos world This Father's Post About Putting His 'Wild Toddler' On A Leash To Make Life Easier Goes Viral In conversation with Vivek Wadhwa State Farm Insurance india 130 SHARES After Killing Hizbul Commander, Army Releases List Of 12 Most Wanted Terrorists Operating In Kashmir world 738 SHARES Donald Trump Walks Out Of Paris Climate Accord, Blames Unfair Advantage To India, China world Donald Trump Quits The Paris Climate Deal, Prompts Obama, DiCaprio, Zuckerberg To Speak Out india Govt Planning To Bring Stringent Laws Against 'Revenge Porn Videos' Shared On Social Media Increase targeted visits on your website COLOMBIA india Virender Sehwag And Tom Moody The Top Contenders To Become Team India's New Coach world Armed Robber Goes On A Rampage In Philippines Casino, Kills 34 People And Sets Himself On Fire india 597 SHARES Yet Another Ruby Rai? Bihar Humanities Topper Fails To Answer Basic Question On His Subject india 2.7K SHARES Watch This Brave Boy Stand Up To Four Stray Dogs In Hyderabad Like A Total Boss! 10 Indian Divas Who Never Got Married CRITICSUNION   YOU MAY ALSO LIKE bollywood 12 Times Ranbir-Deepika's 'Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani' Proved That It Understood Our Generation... Isha Sharma 167.2K SHARES celebscoop PC Gives A Kickass Reply To Those Who Shamed Her For Wearing A Skirt To Meet PM Modi Garima Satija 34.2K SHARES Sports Ranveer Singh's Celebration For Arsenal Winning FA Cup Draws Praise From Mesut Ozil Prabhjeet Singh Sethi 41.4K SHARES Ad New way to profit from Commercial Real Estate in Bangalore Property Share india Bhutta-Seller Boy From Kolkata Scores 87% In ICSE, Strangers Join Hands To Pay For His Tuition KC Archana 12K SHARES celebscoop 10 Most Legit Reasons Why R. Madhavan Is An Actor We Love To Love! Isha Sharma 10.5K SHARES Sports Meet 8 Year-Old Mikhail Gandhi, The Boy Who Played The Young Sachin Tendulkar In His Biopic Prabhjeet Singh Sethi 13.7K SHARES Ad 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer celebscoop This 3 YO Dressed Up As Famous Strong Women And The Pics Are As Powerful As The Original Ones Isha Sharma 16.7K SHARES india Born Without Hands, This 17-YO Girl From Naxal Area Passes HSC Exam With First Class, Wants To... Abhishek Choudhari 12.5K SHARES world This 70-Year-Old Woman Hasn't Had Sugar For 28 Years And Looks Nothing Like Her Age! Anjali Bisaria 8K SHARES Ad 12 astonishing amazing parks you can visit in USA Viral Vacation Ideas OUR NETWORK MensXP iDiva Luxpresso Whats Hot SPECIALS #GIRF2017 #Budget2017 #FitIT #SelfieExpert Pollution Today Stories That Matter 2016 #PunjabDrugCrisis #Error377 Go For Gold #FRONTLINES Indianama Panama Papers ABOUT US KNOW IT Trending Topics Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS get app Stay UPDATED with all that's buzzing and trending with indiatimes App! FOLLOW US ON other sites News – TO CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider Gizmodo Lifehacker Gaana Techradar WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Femina Property Speaking Tree Copyright © 2017 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Airborne ISR Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4% by 2021 Airborne ISR Market Market Synopsis of Airborne ISR Market: The global Airborne ISR market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 4% during 2016-2021. This growth is driven due to growing demand of unmanned aerial vehicle, investments on ISR payloads, and procurement of multirole UAV remote sensors. The need for UAV remote sensors emerged from the changes in military security missions, such as, shift to Net-centric warfare (NCW), increasing Low intensity conflicts (LIC), need for persistence, and reduced tolerance to casualties. The Americas is the dominant player with 55% of the market share and is likely to be the leading region in the forecast period. Whereas, with the growing defense spending and procurement of airborne systems, APAC region will grow significantly at a CAGR of around 9% during the forecast period. Request a Sample Copy @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1334 Key Players of Airborne ISR Market: • BAE Systems • L-3 Communication • Lockheed Martin • Northrop Grumman • UTC Aerospace Systems • Boeing • General Dynamics • Raytheon • Rockwell Collins • Thales Study Objectives of Airborne ISR Market • To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global Airborne ISR Market. • To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth. • To analyse the Global Airborne ISR Market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porter’s five force analysis etc. • To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW). • To provide country-level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective. • To provide country-level analysis of the market for segment by systems and purpose. • To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analysing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market. • To track and analyse competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global Airborne ISR Market. Brief Toc: 1. Introduction 1.1 Report Description 1.2 Research Objective 2. Executive Summary 2.1 Key Findings / Highlights 2.1.1 Investment Opportunities 2.1.2 Market Startegies 2.1.3 Latest Developments 3. Scope of the Study 3.1 Markets Covered 3.2 Years Considered For the Study (2016-2021) 3.2 Geographic Scope 3.3 Key Stakeholders 4. Assumptions and Limitations 5. Research Methodology 5.1 Primary Research 5.2 Secondary Research 5.3 Econometric and Forecasting Model Continue… Access Report Details @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/airborne-isr-market-… About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members. Contact: Akash Anand, Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Nucleic Acid Labeling Market Size, Share and Supply with Competitive Landscape 2017-2022 Next PostNext New Report of the Top 100 Manufacturers of Dental Implants Worldwide: Overview, Growth Factors, Suppliers and Distributors Forecast Report till 2022 Search Recent Posts Chengdu Hi-Tech Zone Launched the Fifth „European Tour” for Science and Technology Companies Marcas internacionales y asiáticas líderes presentarán sus últimas innovaciones tecnológicas en la Jornada de prensa de CES Asia 2017 FX Creations’ Weight Reducing Anti Gravity Backpack FX Creations’ Weight Reducing Anti Gravity Backpack FX Creations’ Weight Reducing Anti Gravity Backpack Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
dailyrecordLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Scottish News UK & World News Politics Crime Health Real Life Business & Consumer Weird News Science & TechnologyExpand Politics Football Scottish Premiership Scottish Championship Scottish Cup Betfred Cup Scotland Football Team Transfer News English Premier LeagueExpand Sport Latest Sport Football Rugby Golf Tennis Boxing DartsExpand TV & Celebs Latest Celebs Celebrity News TV & Radio News Celebrity InterviewsExpand Life & Style Scotland Now In Your Area Aberdeen Dundee Glasgow Edinburgh Inverness See all locationsExpand Business Travel My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter Motoring Property Bingo Competitions Horoscopes BuySell Dating Directory Jobs Advertising InYourArea About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Cookie Policy Advertising Jobs Buy a Photo Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paper Subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paper Subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions © 2017 Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd Home News Scottish News Education News Why modern apprenticeships are helping girls thrive in a male-dominated world We meet three mould-breaking young women who earn while they learn on the job.  Share ByAnna Burnside 06:00, 1 JUN 2017 News Anna Manson is among the thousands of young people carving a career through a modern apprenticeship (Photo: Daily Record)  Share Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email In the olden days, the apprentice was the butt of the factory’s jokes. Sent off to the store room for a tin of tartan paint. Told to find a new bubble for the spirit level, up on the shelf beside the glass hammers. Today’s modern apprenticeships, run by Skills Development Scotland, are not like that. Every year, 25,000 school leavers start four-year traineeships, earning while learning on the job. They are in every part of the economy, from health and finance to building and IT. At the end, young people have a qualification. There are four levels, with the top one equivalent to a degree. And they have no student debt around their necks. A wide range of career paths will be on show at The Scottish Apprenticeship Shows in Glasgow, Edinburgh and Aberdeen this autumn. Modern apprenticeships are also a great way for young women to get into technical professions. We met three mould-breakers excelling in male-dominated jobs. Read More Scots Muslim convert forced to flee country after sick social media rant on Manchester bombing causes backlash Anna Manson Anna Manson will soon complete her HND in aeronautical engineering (Photo: Daily Record) Anna finished her apprenticeship – “got her time out” – last year. Like the five other young people who started with her at Spirit in Monkton in 2012, she’s been kept on. She has two more exams to get her HND in aeronautical engineering. Anna spent the first year of her apprenticeship Ayr College, learning the basics of aircraft engineering and practical skills such as hand drilling. For the next three years, she spent six months working on each of the models the Ayrshire factory builds. “I now have experience of Airbus and Boeing, the two biggest manufacturers, so I can work anywhere in the world,” she said. Anna’s first day at the vast plant was quite intimidating. She explained: “The interview and testing was in the office, but the factory is huge. “There’s so much going on, it’s so busy, it’s really noisy as well. It’s not like anything at school.” But Anna settled in fine, and is now helping two female friends in engineering apprenticeships adjust to working in male environments – not that she finds it hard. She said: “Most of the time it’s fine, I don’t notice any difference at all. But occasionally when it’s all football chat I start to tune out.” One niggle is the uniform. The boiler suits don’t fit her so she wears a paper one over combat trousers and a polo shirt – plus gloves, boots and ear defenders. “It’s a really great look,” she grinned. “But if you’re too hung up on how you look, it’s probably not the right job for you.” Bethany Welsh Bethany Welsh wants to be a site engineer (Photo: Daily Record) Architecture and design have been Bethany Welsh’s obsessions since first-year at school. The classroom was never her favourite place but she loved technical subjects. She recalled: “I was always outdoors, doing stuff. I didn’t not like going to school, but when the last bell rang it was the best time of my day. “I wanted to be out on the site designing, seeing projects being built, being part of that process.” A graduate-level apprenticeship with Balfour Beatty in the north of Scotland ticked all the boxes. Bethany has worked on major infrastructure projects such as the Inveramsay Bridge outside Inverurie. As a contractor for the RAF, she has been on bases around the north of Scotland, as well as working on the nuclear plant at Caithness. She has also joined smaller projects including a local authority flood protection scheme. And she has run her own concrete-pouring operation – not an achievement on many 20-year-olds’ CVs. There is classroom time involved, but it’s nothing like school. Bethany explained: “It’s much more interesting now. It’s something you want to learn because you’ve got the job and you can relate it to what you’re doing every day.” Now in her fourth year with Balfour Beatty, Bethany is convinced she made the right career move. She said: “I will come out with the same qualification as someone who has been to university, but with years and years of experience, which is ultimately what employers are looking for. “Once I have qualified I want to be a site engineer. “I’ve thought about going into the design side of civil engineering, maybe when I’m older. But that site experience – that’s with me for life. I will remember that more than reading a book.” Read More 18 women on hen do in tears after being kicked off plane for wearing 'offensive' t-shirts Kelsey Pexton Kelsey Pexton When Kelsey first did work experience with Arnold Clark, she had no interest in cars. She hadn’t even started driving lessons. But she got on so well that they invited her back and eventually offered her an apprenticeship. She had planned to go to university to study product engineering but after trying all the different roles in the firm’s body shop, she changed gear. “I did parts, mechanics, reception and spray-painting,” she recalled. “But I’m quite an artsy, designy person and I liked painting, so that drew me towards that side of the job.” Kelsey is the only woman in the body shop. But she insisted: “It’s not as bad as everyone thinks.” Until, that is, her colleagues start on their favourite subject. “They talk about football all the time,” she said. “I have tried, but I don’t really have any interest in football whatsoever. “I put my earphones in and get Netflix on so I don’t have to listen to it.” She is also the only female in her block release class of 15 at West College Scotland in Clydebank. “It was a bit challenging when we started. The boys were saying, ‘Oh, we have a girl in our class, better watch what we’re saying.’ Now they’re fine.” People meeting five-foot Kelsey for the first time often she assumes she works in a traditionally “ladylike” job. She soon puts them right. “They can’t believe such a small petite person can do a big job like spray-painting cars. They think I work in retail until I tell them no no no, I work for Arnold Clark. “My boyfriend is still coming to terms with it. He says I have a more masculine job than he does. He has to deal with it. I’m not changing my job any time soon.” Read More Top news stories today Scots Muslim abused troops Twisted revenge porn thug Drug addict nicks £4000 from dying gran Dortmund and Chelsea want Dembele Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @Daily_Record Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe More On Universities and Colleges Glasgow Edinburgh Aberdeen Education Tartan Schools News all Most Read Most Recent UK & WorldGirls pose for friendly picture - but something pretty spooky is going on behind them At first glance it's a perfectly normal picture of four friends on a day out UK & WorldEx-BBC presenter accused of child sex offences posed nearly naked for "Naughty But Nice" charity calendar Julie Wadsworth, who denies the offences, stripped off for a Children in Need photo-shoot in which she posed as Lady Godiva despite her claims of body confidence issues, a court heard UK & WorldEx-BBC presenter says she helped boy, 14, "finish what he was doing" after he spied on her having sex Julie Wadsworth said she was "flattered" by the attention of the lad when he started touching himself as he watched her "petting" with her husband, a court heard The PopeThick black smoke seen above Vatican as eyewitness describe 'loud boom' Footage captured by a witness living nearby shows huge plumes of smoke. Manchester terror attack'Soldiers should repent to Allah' Scots Muslim abused troops before vile Manchester bombing outburst Hamza Siddiq has been arrested over the appalling comments he made that claimed the horrific atrocity in Manchester was justified. RutherglenFernhill footballer says representing Scotland was a feeling like no other The 18-year-old Glasgow City star was part of the Scotland Women’s under-19 team who qualified for the European finals in August, following a successful second phase last month. Champions LeagueRuglonian hitch-hiked across Europe to see the Lisbon Lions win Tony Jackson was just 19 when he and cousin David Jackson walked, bussed and begged for lifts across four countries to see the Lisbon Lions defeat Inter Milan 2-1 in the 1967 final. CambuslangPolice speak to Halfway Bowling Club over parking woes A resident at a Halfway Community Council meeting told how vehicle owners parked their cars along Mill Road, across from her home, which forced pedestrians to walk on the road to get past. SchoolsIn pictures: East Kilbride school kids go Batty for TV weatherman Sean Halfmerke Primary pupils helped raise hundreds of pounds for the STV Children's Appeal and even got the STV star involved in a tug o' war. Other FestivalsIn pictures: Hundreds flock to Eaglesham for annual beer festival fun Festival-goes were able to enjoy beers, wines and food as well as live music and DJs. Most Read Most Recent Ryan JackRangers signing Ryan Jack enjoys stag do in baby costume after sealing switch to Ibrox After the news of his move had been announced, Jack was pictured in the Granite City on his stag do. UK & WorldGirls pose for friendly picture - but something pretty spooky is going on behind them At first glance it's a perfectly normal picture of four friends on a day out Celtic FCCeltic striker Moussa Dembele to be targeted by Borussia Dortmund and Chelsea as Hoops look to tie down Stuart Armstrong Parkhead assistant coach John Kennedy has reiterated boss Brendan Rodgers’ plan to keep the squad intact amid interest. Transfer TalkTransfer news live as Celtic and Rangers plus the rest of the Premiership rebuild squads for new season Scotland's best live transfer blog is up and running again - join us for all the latest done deals, news and rumours from Scottish football and further afield. UK & WorldEx-BBC presenter accused of child sex offences posed nearly naked for "Naughty But Nice" charity calendar Julie Wadsworth, who denies the offences, stripped off for a Children in Need photo-shoot in which she posed as Lady Godiva despite her claims of body confidence issues, a court heard RutherglenFernhill footballer says representing Scotland was a feeling like no other The 18-year-old Glasgow City star was part of the Scotland Women’s under-19 team who qualified for the European finals in August, following a successful second phase last month. Champions LeagueRuglonian hitch-hiked across Europe to see the Lisbon Lions win Tony Jackson was just 19 when he and cousin David Jackson walked, bussed and begged for lifts across four countries to see the Lisbon Lions defeat Inter Milan 2-1 in the 1967 final. CambuslangPolice speak to Halfway Bowling Club over parking woes A resident at a Halfway Community Council meeting told how vehicle owners parked their cars along Mill Road, across from her home, which forced pedestrians to walk on the road to get past. Albion Rovers FCAlan Reid believes Albion Rovers have been victims of their own success as he gets ready for new season The defender has signed up for season number 11 with the Cliftonhill men after positive talks with new boss Brian Kerr. SchoolsIn pictures: East Kilbride school kids go Batty for TV weatherman Sean Halfmerke Primary pupils helped raise hundreds of pounds for the STV Children's Appeal and even got the STV star involved in a tug o' war. Top Stories CourtsTwisted revenge porn thug sent victim HIV kit in sick stalking campaign Vile Arran Adey phoned his victim repeatedly and sent her threatening texts including one with a photo of a gun. Faslane (HMNB Clyde)Nuclear base workers fear for their safety after four workers hurt in just one day A worker contacted the Record to highlight fears as a safety probe is launched into the separate incidents at Faslane on the Clyde on Wednesday. Courts'I didn't want her dead' Murder rap brother admits grabbing sister's neck but insists he 'reacted instinctively' Charles Gordon said he took hold of Elizabeth Bowe’s throat after she threatened to get a knife and cut his face. CourtsDrug addict handed jail sentence after stealing £4000 from dying gran Kris Hunter took Jane Beattie’s bank cards while she was in hospital and withdrew money from post office accounts and ATMs. Kirsty Maxwell'Benidorm Five' placed under formal investigation by Spanish judge probing Kirsty Maxwell's death fall mystery Judge Ana Isabel Garcia-Galbis has also said she will ask British cops whether the five men concerned have criminal records. EdinburghNicola Sturgeon makes safety action pledge after Edinburgh cyclist's tragic death A 24-year-old woman died in hospital after she was hit by a tour bus when her bike got stuck in tram tracks. Charity'They don’t come here to die, they come here to enjoy their life' CHAS support worker's labour of love as he cares for terminally ill kids and their families Peter McCutcheon says it's a privilege to have helped the hundreds of people who have used the hospice's Rachel House. Sir Chris HoyOlympic star Chris Hoy's shock during Unicef visit as he meets malnourished children in Madagascar The cycling legend is appealing to help save lives by donating to charity's crucial campaign to tackle malnutrition. Scottish NewsRunaway tortoise turns up after 9 months after going AWOL on family holiday Adventurous reptile Tortuga turned up in a garden in Moray after going missing on break to Scotland. ZoosParents of tragic zookeeper killed in tiger attack pay tribute to their 'beloved daughter' Rosa King's proud parents Peter and Andrea thanked well-wishers who have shown an 'abundance of love and sympathy'. Knife crime'I feared another Bailey Gwynne tragedy' Dad terrified after son 'threatened with knife' at school The alleged bust-up between the boys happened outside a secondary school in Aberdeenshire. Craig WhyteCraig Whyte didn't use a 'single penny' of his own money to fund Rangers takeover Alex Prentice QC urges jurors to convict the former Rangers owner at the High Court in Glasgow a she sums up prosecution's case. UK & WorldGirls pose for friendly picture - but something pretty spooky is going on behind them At first glance it's a perfectly normal picture of four friends on a day out UK & WorldEx-BBC presenter accused of child sex offences posed nearly naked for "Naughty But Nice" charity calendar Julie Wadsworth, who denies the offences, stripped off for a Children in Need photo-shoot in which she posed as Lady Godiva despite her claims of body confidence issues, a court heard UK & WorldEx-BBC presenter says she helped boy, 14, "finish what he was doing" after he spied on her having sex Julie Wadsworth said she was "flattered" by the attention of the lad when he started touching himself as he watched her "petting" with her husband, a court heard The PopeThick black smoke seen above Vatican as eyewitness describe 'loud boom' Footage captured by a witness living nearby shows huge plumes of smoke. Manchester terror attack'Soldiers should repent to Allah' Scots Muslim abused troops before vile Manchester bombing outburst Hamza Siddiq has been arrested over the appalling comments he made that claimed the horrific atrocity in Manchester was justified. RacismRacist yob who filmed himself in Celtic pub chanting vile abuse about Scott Sinclair is tracked down The Record can today unmask Robbie Anderson as the brainless hooligan who filmed himself branding the Hoops hero a “f****n n****r”. Kirsty Maxwell'Benidorm Five' placed under formal investigation by Spanish judge probing Kirsty Maxwell's death fall mystery Judge Ana Isabel Garcia-Galbis has also said she will ask British cops whether the five men concerned have criminal records. Gun crimeWatch tourists flee ISIS gun attack at holiday complex in the Philippines WARNING: UPSETTING IMAGES. Masked gunmen opened fire at the restaurant area of the complex in Manila which is now in lockdown. TroonTroon's summer shame as bikini-clad teen vomited down herself at 11am - and hypodermic needle found on beach Later in the day a handcuffed youth was paraded off the beach and sat in a South Beach bus shelter waiting on a police van. JusticeSchoolgirl who fled Britain with paedophile teacher Jeremy Forrest has 'no regret' over relationship in tell-all interview The girl, then 15, who ran away with 30-year-old Forrest in 2012 revealed she hoped their relationship would be accepted right up until he was convicted CourtsDrug addict handed jail sentence after stealing £4000 from dying gran Kris Hunter took Jane Beattie’s bank cards while she was in hospital and withdrew money from post office accounts and ATMs. CourtsTwisted revenge porn thug sent victim HIV kit in sick stalking campaign Vile Arran Adey phoned his victim repeatedly and sent her threatening texts including one with a photo of a gun. Terrorism'I'd do it again' Hero Scot tells of moment he tackled man threatening to blow up Melbourne flight Robert MacDonald stepped in after a passenger threatened to detonate a bomb and storm the cockpit sending Melbourne Airport into lockdown. Craig WhyteCraig Whyte didn't use a 'single penny' of his own money to fund Rangers takeover Alex Prentice QC urges jurors to convict the former Rangers owner at the High Court in Glasgow a she sums up prosecution's case. Faslane (HMNB Clyde)Nuclear base workers fear for their safety after four workers hurt in just one day A worker contacted the Record to highlight fears as a safety probe is launched into the separate incidents at Faslane on the Clyde on Wednesday. BothwellCops probe break-in gang as thieves make off with Bothwell family's £65,000 BMW cars Allison Boseman-McCorquodale, her husband Scott and their two infant sons were asleep in their house when the culprits struck. General ElectionSNP trump Tories in hilarious battle of the banners general election skirmish The Helensburgh branch of the SNP turn the tables on the Tories as their upstairs neighbours are brilliantly trolled by their ground-floor rivals. Manchester terror attackScots Muslim convert forced to flee country after sick social media rant on Manchester bombing causes backlash Street preacher Hamza Siddiq also asked why Muslims like him should care about the men, women and children who were murdered in the atrocity. UK & World'Come out or you'll die': Armed police storm Orlando nightclub as ISIS gunman kills 49 clubbers in bodycam footage Omar Mateen slaughtered 49 people when he opened fire at gay club Pulse in June 2016 before engaging police in a three hour standoff Celtic FCCeltic star Kieran Tierney steps in to stop fan from buying Man City 'match strip' he never wore The Hoops defender contacted the supporter over Twitter to tell him he still owned his shirt from the City game and that it was likely a scam. News Sport Celebs Life & Style Follow us facebook twitter InYourArea About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Cookie Policy Advertising Jobs Buy a Photo Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paper Subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paper Subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions © 2017 Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Today: June 2, 2017, 9:05 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Business Business Jets Market to Register A Robust Growth By 2022 In this report, the global Business Jets market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022 PR-Inside.com: 2017-06-01 06:45:29 In this report, the global Business Jets market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Global Business Jets market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including, Bombardier, Gulfstream Aerospace, Cessna Aircraft Company, Embraer, Dassault Aviation, Airbus Group, Boeing Company, Honda Aircraft Company, Textron Aviation, Amjet Aviation Get sample copy@ www.researchtrades.com/request-sample/1094421 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Business Jets in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India. Buy a copy of Global Business Jets Market for single user price $ 2900@ www.researchtrades.com/checkout/1094421 On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into, Very Light Jets, Light Jets, Mid-size Jets, Super Mid-size Jets, Large Jets.. On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Business Jets for each application, including, Public Bodies, Government Officials, Armed Forces, Other Key elements for this report: 1 Business Jets Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Business Jets 1.2 Business Jets Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Business Jets Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Business Jets Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Very Light Jets 1.2.4 Light Jets 1.2.5 Mid-size Jets 1.2.6 Super Mid-size Jets 1.2.7 Large Jets 1.2.4 Type II 1.2.4 Type II 1.3 Global Business Jets Segment by Application 1.3.1 Business Jets Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Public Bodies 1.3.3 Government Officials 1.3.4 Armed Forces 1.3.5 Other 2 Global Business Jets Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Business Jets Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Business Jets Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Business Jets Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Business Jets Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Business Jets Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Business Jets Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Business Jets Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Business Jets Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Business Jets Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion View this report@ www.researchtrades.com/report/global-business-jets-market-resear .. About us: Research Trades has team of experts who works on providing exhaustive analysis pertaining to market research on a global basis. This comprehensive analysis is obtained by a thorough research and study of the ongoing trends and provides predictive data regarding the future estimations, which can be utilized by various organizations for growth purposes. We distribute customized reports that focus on meeting the client’s specific requirement. Our database consists of a large collection of high-quality reports obtained using a customer-centric approach, thus providing valuable research insights. Press Information Research Trades Flat No.10, Wing C, S. No. 245/4/2+245/5/1, Baner, Pune-411045 Kusum Saonerkar Digital Marketing Executive +91 7507349866 email www.researchtrades.com/ # 520 Words Related Articles More From The Author Industrial Lubricant Market Set For Expansive Growth [..] A lubricant is a substance introduced to reduce friction between surfaces in mutual contact, which ultimately reduces the heat [..] Global Sodium Thiocyanate Market Outlook 2016-2021 Sodium thiocyanate is the chemical compound with the formula NaSCN. This colorless deliquescent salt is one of the main sources [..] Aramid Fiber Market Set For Expansive Growth [..] Aramid fibers are man-made high-performance fibers, with molecules that are characterized by relatively rigid polymer chains. These [..] Nursing Home Chair Market Dynamics and Growth [..] In this report, the United States Nursing Home Chair market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is [..] Nitrile Gloves Market To Maintain Healthy Growth [..] Nitrile gloves are a type of disposable glove made of synthetic rubber. They contain no latex proteins and offer excellent [..]   More From Business Myfloralkart.com Unveils the Look of Rakhi Gift [..] Myfloralkart, India, 2 June 2017: The celebrations will commence on 7 August this year. The early announcement has come as [..] Odfjell SE - Successful placement of new [..] Odfjell SE has successfully completed a new unsecured bond issue of NOK 500 million with maturity date in June 2022. The [..] Mice in Space: Taconic Mice Included on [..] HUDSON, N.Y., June 01, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- When the SpaceX Dragon spacecraft launches today bound for the International Space [..] Albright Stonebridge Group Announces New Management Roles [..] Dan Rosenthal is managing principal; Michael Warren leads new Global practice Victoria Nuland joins ASG's Europe practice as [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
Friday, June 2, 2017 Oman Observer Home Top stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Ramadhan Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Head stories Main Analysis My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor's choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Archive 2016 2015 E PAPER World  US successfully tests ICBM defence system for first time 31/05/2017 Oman Observer WASHINGTON/VANDENBERG AIR FORCE BASE: The US military on Tuesday cheered a successful, first-ever missile defence test involving a simulated attack by an intercontinental ballistic missile, in a major milestone for a programme meant to defend against a mounting North Korean threat. The US military fired an ICBM-type missile from the Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands towards the waters just south of Alaska. It then fired a missile to intercept it from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. Experts compare the job to hitting a bullet with another bullet and note the complexity is magnified by the enormous distances involved. The Missile Defence Agency said it was the first live-fire test against a simulated ICBM for the Ground-based Midcourse Defence (GMD), managed by Boeing Co, and hailed it as an “incredible accomplishment.” “This system is vitally important to the defence of our homeland, and this test demonstrates that we have a capable, credible deterrent against a very real threat,” Vice Admiral Jim Syring, director of the agency, said in a statement. A successful test was by no means guaranteed and the Pentagon sought to manage expectations earlier in the day, noting that the United States had multiple ways to try to shoot down a missile from North Korea. “This is one element of a broader missile defence strategy that we can use to employ against potential threats,” Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis told reporters. Prior to Tuesday’s launch, the GMD system had successfully hit its target in only nine of 17 tests since 1999. The last test was in 2014. North Korea has dramatically ramped up missile tests over the past year in its effort to develop an ICBM that can strike the US mainland. The continental United States is around 9,000 km from North Korea. ICBMs have a minimum range of about 5,500 km, but some are designed to travel 10,000 km or farther. Riki Ellison, founder of the Missile Defence Advocacy Alliance, described the test as “vital” prior to launch. “We are replicating our ability to defend the United States of America from North Korea, today,” Ellison said. Failure could have deepened concern about a programme that according to one estimate has so far cost more than $40 billion. Its success could translate into calls by Congress to speed development. — Reuters ← Previous People smugglers make $35 bn a year on migrant crisis, says IOM head Trump plans to pull US out of climate deal: Source Next → You May Also Like Assad ready to discuss ‘everything’ at talks as truce comes under strain 09/01/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Assad ready to discuss ‘everything’ at talks as truce comes under strain Opponents seek to annul Turkish vote 18/04/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Opponents seek to annul Turkish vote Sungazers keep up family tradition for generations 22/02/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Sungazers keep up family tradition for generations Latest News Sharing love and spiritual fervour 01/06/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Sharing love and spiritual fervour 3-month mid-day break begins 01/06/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on 3-month mid-day break begins Temperatures likely to come down 01/06/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Temperatures likely to come down Coastal village beckons tourists 01/06/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Coastal village beckons tourists Facebook Twitter Instagram Load More... Follow on Instagram Editor’s Choice Editor's choice Local  Young Omani secures research posting at top UK university 18/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Young Omani secures research posting at top UK university Editor's choice  Scientists link higher dementia risk to living near heavy traffic 05/01/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Scientists link higher dementia risk to living near heavy traffic CARTOONView All Cartoon  Cartoon  Cartoon  Cartoon  Cartoon  BooksView All Books Ramadhan Weekend  Why Steve Jobs didn’t let his kids use iPads 26/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Why Steve Jobs didn’t let his kids use iPads Books Entertainment Weekend  Of the chilling cases from Baker Street 28/04/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Of the chilling cases from Baker Street Books Local Main  Fair fares better than last year 03/03/2017 Vinod Nair Comments Off on Fair fares better than last year Books Local  Book fair not just about books but for knowledge 23/02/2017 Lakshmi Kothaneth Comments Off on Book fair not just about books but for knowledge Sections: Local World Sports Business Ramadhan Head stories 2017 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA) Multimedia Youtube Facebook Twitter Instagram Whatsapp Services Subscribe Advertisements Contact Us PO Box: 947 Code: 100 Muscat +968 24 64 94 80 editor@omanobserver.om
X Close Regional Home > News > Regional < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 1 June 2017 Plane overshoots runway in Indonesia Jakarta: An Indonesian passenger plane carrying 146 people skidded off the runway as it landed in the eastern Papua region, an official said, the latest mishap to hit the country’s aviation sector. No one was hurt after the Boeing aircraft operated by domestic carrier Sriwijaya Air overshot the wet runway at the airport in Manokwari city, said transport ministry spokesman J. Adravida Barata. TV footage showed people being evacuated from the plane, as it rested on its belly on grass next to the runway. The airport will be closed for several hours so that the plane can be removed, Barata added. Indonesia’s aviation sector has been booming in recent years as a growing middle class increasingly use planes, but critics say safety standards have not kept pace with the expansion. — AFP Tags / Keywords: world Related Stories Related Stories At least 36 bodies found at Manila casino resort after attack Gunman dead after Philippines casino shooting Philippines police eye robbery, not IS, in Resorts World Manila attack Duterte hits back at Chelsea Clinton over rape comment New cyber law enforced You May Be Interested Terrorists marked two Singapore spots as targets last year ResortsWorld Manila on lock down due to gunfire, explosions Bangladesh navy rescues cyclone survivors Philippine military airstrikes kill 10 troops: defence chief How to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Racing for a better tomorrow Others Also Read More US tourists coming to our shores soon Muguruza, Mladenovic looking to set up Paris date Sophisticated automatic replies are coming to Gmail advertisement Latest News Afghan police fire into air to disperse demonstrators in Kabul - witnesses Jobless man pleads guilty to terrorism-related charges Mattis says U.S. committed to Asia-Pacific as allies seek clear policy Remand extended for suspects who allegedly beat up man in molest incident Top Merkel aide rejects Trump's call to renegotiate global climate deal Most Viewed in News Navy cadet officer found murdered KLIA to shed its baggage-handling … baggage, and more At least 36 bodies found at Manila casino resort after attack Man who drove against traffic in Kulai remanded Datuk Seri in riot case discharged Strata owners and tenants of Ampang Park mall lose appeal Denmark-based firm sends products to ‘window shoppers’ and bills them Video footage shows car going against traffic on Butterworth highway PM urges Muslims to stop bad habits during Ramadan MH128 passengers glad to be home Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi EVA Brings Hello Kitty Shining Star Service to Chicago News provided by EVA Air 31 May, 2017, 20:46 ET Share this article Uses cheerful plane to add three flights a week to existing four CHICAGO, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- EVA Air is making flying fun for travelers from Chicago and throughout the Midwest with its Hello Kitty Shining Star Jet, starting today (May 31, 2017). EVA is using the cheerfully painted plane to add three weekly flights to the four it already operates with Boeing 777-300ERs in standard livery, increasing Chicago service to daily through the busy summer travel season. Travelers can learn more about the unique Hello Kitty and Sanrio Family Jets at http://www.evakitty.com/en/index.html and book and buy tickets through travel agents, EVA ticket offices or www.evaair.com. EVA Air makes flying fun from Chicago with its Hello Kitty Shining Star Jet. It uses the specially painted plane for three of seven weekly nonstop flights to Asia. EVA and Sanrio created the Hello Kitty Shining Star Jet with a cast of colorful characters painted the length of the plane, starting at the nose with Little Twin Stars Kiki and Lala flying through clouds with their teddy bear while, behind the wing, Hello Kitty and My Melody comfortably sail along on stars. EVA flight BR55 departs O'Hare International Airport at 12:30 am and arrives at Taoyuan International Airport near Taipei, Taiwan at 4:30 am the following day. Inbound from Asia, flight BR56 leaves Taipei at 7:50 pm and gets to Chicago at 9:10 pm the same evening. EVA flies its Hello Kitty Shining Star Jet from Chicago on this time schedule on Monday, Thursday and Saturday and to Chicago on Wednesday, Friday and Sunday.   To and from Chicago, EVA offers three cabin choices, Royal Laurel Class business, Elite premium economy and Economy. Royal Laurel Class passengers get lie-flat seats and Rimowa amenity kits. Those in Elite Class have extra room, amenity kits, cozy blankets and pillows and the privacy of their own separate cabin. And in all three cabins, travelers enjoy EVA's warm, friendly service, good Eastern and Western foods, in-seat entertainment systems Wi-Fi and Global Roaming.     EVA currently flies six specially painted aircraft on routes within Asia and long-haul to Paris and, now, Chicago. Its other Hello Kitty planes are the Hand-in-Hand, Joyful Dream and Celebration Flight Jets. Its Sanrio-family aircraft are the gudetama Comfort Flight and Bad Badtz-Maru Travel Fun planes. EVA is unveiling Friendship Bows in June, the last in its current series of new and refreshed specially painted liveries. About EVA Air: EVA Air, a Star Alliance member, is one of only nine 5-Star Airlines worldwide. It flies a fleet of over 70 Boeing and Airbus aircraft to more than 60 international destinations throughout Asia, Oceania, Europe and North America where gateways are Chicago, Houston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle, Toronto and Vancouver. Travelers can learn more about EVA's services, schedule and book and buy tickets at www.evaair.com and become acquainted with it Hello Kitty and Sanrio family planes and routes at http://www.evakitty.com/tw/.    To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/eva-brings-hello-kitty-shining-star-service-to-chicago-300466768.html SOURCE EVA Air Related Links https://www.evaair.com/ 10 Apr, 2017, 00:15 ET Preview: EVA Wins Two New TripAdvisor Travelers' Choice Awards My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 10 Apr, 2017, 00:15 ET EVA Wins Two New TripAdvisor Travelers' Choice Awards Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Travel Industry New Products & Services You just read: EVA Brings Hello Kitty Shining Star Service to Chicago News provided by EVA Air 31 May, 2017, 20:46 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
News Sports Business Real Estate 83° Full Menu 83° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business May 31, 2017 10:39 PM Canada's defense minister threatens Boeing deal in speech By ROB GILLIES Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story TORONTO Canada's defense minister repeated a threat Wednesday to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of the company's trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Harjit Sajjan said Boeing's action against Bombardier is "unfounded" and not the behavior of a "trusted partner." He said buying the Super Hornet fighter jets "requires a trusted industry partner." Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada's foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. "Our government - and I stress this - our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners," he said. Chicago-based Boeing's trade complaint prompted a U.S. Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada's threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with the U.S. Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, noted that Sajjan also recognized Boeing as a strong partner in the past and for the future. Day defended the company's trade action. "This is a commercial matter that Boeing is seeking to address through the normal course for resolving such issues," Day said in an email. Boeing petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing says Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies that let it engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a US$275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from U.S.-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. Sajjan said he would have more to say about the issue next week. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 1:44 a day ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 0:59 13 days ago Florida anaylst for PNC Bank discusses jobs report 0:37 15 days ago World of Avatar View More Video Business The Latest: Suspect in casino attack near Manila found dead The Latest: Kansas House OKs bill against guns in hospitals Here’s a sneak peak of the new Southwest international concourse at FLL Exiting Paris, Trump leaves deal shaped by US priorities Boats Group decides Miami is the place to be, anchors headquarters Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Tech Search Search Paris AccordTim Cook Is ‘Disappointed’ That Trump Chose to Quit the Paris Climate Accord Climate ChangeCalifornia Looks to Link Its Carbon Market With China Following U.S. Pullout of Paris Agreement PoliticsThe Environmental Protection Agency Offering Employee Buyouts in an Attempt to Cut Down Staffing Venture CapitalBiggest Venture-Backed Companies Are Worth Nearly $500 Billion Paul Allen Gigantic Plane Backed by Billionaire Paul Allen Edges Closer to Flight Barb Darrow May 31, 2017 Stratolaunch, the gigantic aircraft backed by tech billionaire Paul Allen, rolled out of its hangar for the first time Wednesday, marking an important milestone for the project in its quest to reach the edge of the atmosphere. The aircraft is indeed huge. It's wingspan is 385 feet, or nearly double that of a Boeing (ba) 787 Dreamliner. Its length is 238 feet, 12 feet longer than the Dreamliner, with a tail that is 50-feet tall, or nearly the height of a five-story building. Here is a picture of the rollout. The goal is for Stratolaunch to carry satellites close to space and then launch them before returning to Earth. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter. To get to this point, technicians had to take down the scaffolding that supported the craft's construction and make sure the Stratolaunch's 28 wheels could support its 500,000-lb. weight. It was designed to handle a maximum takeoff weight, including cargo, of 1.3 million lbs., according to Stratolaunch CEO Jean Floyd. Stratolaunch Systems  The next steps? Ground and flight testing will take place at the Mojave Air and Space Port over the coming months, Floyd wrote. Related: Gigantic Aircraft Backed by Tech Billionaire Paul Allen will Fly this year Allen who made billions of dollars after starting Microsoft (msft) with Bill Gates in 1975, founded Stratolaunch in 2010 with a goal of making low-orbit launches more mainstream. For more about space, watch: Allen is not the only tech executive with aerospace ambitions. Elon Musk, CEO of Tesla (tsla) founded SpaceX to carry cargo to the International Space Station and eventually to transport passengers into space. And Amazon (amzn)founder Jeff Bezos is behind Blue Origin, a company that plans to use less expensive, reusable rockets to transport cargo. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
  Friday, June 02, 2017   Read in Myanmar | Subscribe Now Myanmar Times Home National News Nay Pyi Taw Yangon Mandalay & Upper Myanmar In Brief Business Technology Property News Pulse Dining Travel What's On Fiction Chronicles of Bei Ka Street A Study in Saffron A Scent of Scandal The Pickled Blend The Mystery of the Silver Spoon The Adventure of the Devil’s Toyshop The Adventure of the Great Bell of Magwe Lady Don't Fall Backwards Sports Myanmar Open Golf Martial Arts Opinion In Depth Special Features EduCentre Thingyan 2017 Food & Entertainment Christmas & New Year's 2016 Travel Myanmar 2016 Banking & Finance 2016 IT & Telecommunications Food & Drink Weddings 2016 Healthy Living 2016 IT & Electronics Health Election 2015 In Pictures 21st CPC By-Election Jobs When hardly anyone works at corporate headquarters By Justin Fox   |   Friday, 03 February 2017 Tweet One of the most commented-upon business trends of last year – you remember, back when people sometimes still talked about things other than Donald Trump – was the migration of corporate headquarters in the US from suburbs and smaller cities to big-city downtowns. With Caterpillar’s announcement Tuesday that its top executives will be moving from Peoria, Illinois, to Chicago, that trend appears to be continuing (although it’s not clear yet whether that HQ will be in downtown Chicago or the suburbs). But Caterpillar’s new headquarters isn’t going to be very big: Only about 300 people will work there, compared with 12,000 in and around Peoria. This small-headquarters approach is kind of a thing, especially in Chicago. As Claire Bushey of Crain’s Chicago Business wrote in a big report last year on “The Incredible Shrinking HQ”: “These headquarters represent the pinnacle of the corporate pyramid, snapped off and relocated, free of jobs tied to operations and often mid-level HQ functions such as payroll, human resources or purchasing. To be sure, migrating headquarters offer benefits to the city: They boost demand for business services, their executives join the philanthropic scene and, of course, they confer bragging rights. But in terms of jobs, the farther a company travels to set up shop in Chicago, the fewer people come with it.” Or as the Manhattan Institute’s Aaron Renn, an urban thinker with a tendency to notice things before other people do, observed in 2008: “The ‘headquarters’ is actually splitting into two: an executive headquarters and an operational headquarters.” “The people in ‘executive headquarters’ are precisely those who most need proximity to the global city service providers that increasingly form a key part of company operations. Also, recruiting executive talent and proximity to airports play a role. And when companies want to think in a totally global manner, they can want to have their main office physically separate from any particular operating location.” This phenomenon is real. It’s especially apparent in Chicago, where Boeing, Archer-Daniels-Midland, Conagra Brands, General Electric’s transportation and health-care divisions and now Caterpillar have all chosen to locate new headquarters that hold significantly fewer people than their old HQs elsewhere. But is this the new normal? Is it really true that, as Harvard Business School professor David Collis put it in Bushey’s article, “The notion of the corporate headquarters in the ‘Mad Men’ world when there were hundreds or thousands of people in a building with the company logo . . . those days are gone.” Actually, when I go down a list of the largest US corporations by market capitalisation, they almost all have headquarters with hundreds or thousands of people in a building – or campus of buildings – with the company logo. The only exceptions among the top 25 that I’m aware of are Berkshire Hathaway, with its 25-person office in Kiewit Plaza in Omaha, Nebraska, and General Electric, which has a couple hundred people camped out in a Boston office building waiting for its new three-building headquarters complex to be completed nearby. Berkshire has had a bare-bones headquarters from the beginning, and it’s not in Omaha for the “global city service providers” or the airport. The city just happened to be where Warren Buffett is from, and he happened to see his role as an asset allocator rather than as manager of the many businesses that Berkshire owns. GE is another collection of disparate businesses where a bit more managing is done from the HQ but the executive headquarters and the operational ones have been separate for a long time. When the company settles into its new Boston headquarters, employment will reportedly be about the same – 800 people – as in the old HQ in Fairfield, Connecticut, albeit with a different mix of jobs. Meanwhile, the tech companies that currently dominate the top of the market cap list (Apple, Alphabet, Microsoft, Amazon.com and Facebook occupy five of the top six spots; Berkshire is the only interloper) are all run out of large office complexes, most in the suburbs, that contain thousands of workers. It’s apparently still deemed crucial for top executives to be near the engineers and others who make the companies go. Also, all these companies grew up in or near big cities with pretty good airports – unlike some older manufacturers that happened to locate a century ago in small cities that never grew big. So maybe the “executive headquarters” is something for a certain kind of corporation – a conglomerate, a manufacturer of heavy equipment, a mature company in retrenchment mode. The bare-bones headquarters is a characteristic of companies controlled by private equity firms, which are often looking to cut costs and bring focus. I think it was also relatively common back in the late 1800s and early 1900s, when New York-based financiers controlled vast operations elsewhere. Maybe it really is on the rise now, and more big companies will follow. But it does seem like the most exciting, dynamic companies are the ones where the top executives aren’t off in a city apart from everybody else. – Bloomberg Justin Fox is a Bloomberg View columnist. He was the editorial director of Harvard Business Review and wrote for Time, Fortune and American Banker. He is the author of “The Myth of the Rational Market.” Most Read - Opinion Managing great expectations of the new Myanmar ASEAN’s 50th Year Agenda: Beyond the South China Sea? Donald Trump through China’s eyes Obama’s visit and Suu Kyi’s political future: ASEAN 2014 Global health threat hides in the shadows Go on, ask me about Myanmar Learning from Bill Gates From the glass ceiling to a carpet of shards Anti-Ooredoo campaign only hurts the people On Myanmar’s periphery, alternative perspectives of the political transition Most Read - In Depth Traditions of the literary thief India’s disabled on the move Revealed: NLD’s economic plan Armed groups and political legitimacy Ivory trade threatens Myanmar’s elephants Public is ‘waiting to see’ what the NLD can do for them: MP Restaurant fills a democratic void - for space Lessons learned on minority languages Daw Suu eyes foreign minister role At Letpadaung, residents still place hopes in NLD Copyright © 2017 The Myanmar Times. All rights reserved. Home National News Business The Pulse Sports Opinion In Depth Special Features In Pictures Nay Pyi Taw Yangon Mandalay and Upper Myanmar Property News Technology What's On Travel Dining About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Subscriptions Facebook Twitter Work With Us
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 02/06/2017 12:06:46 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   government Last update 12:05 | 02/06/2017    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc returns to Hanoi, concludes US visit Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc and his entourage returned to Hanoi on June 2, concluding the US visit from May 29-31 at the invitation of President Donald Trump.  Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc (L) and US President Donald Trump It was the first visit to the US by the PM in his role as head of government. In Washington DC, PM Phuc and President Trump held talks and met the press. It was their first meeting since the two nations chose new leadership.  During talks, the two leaders expressed their delight at the development of the bilateral comprehensive partnership in diverse areas, bilaterally and multilaterally and agreed that there are opportunities ahead to develop ties further.  Host and guest committed to developing stable, long-term, constructive and mutually beneficial ties for the sake of the two countries and for peace, stability, cooperation and development in Asia-Pacific and the world, on the basis of compliance with the United Nations Charter and international law, respect to independence, sovereignty, territorial integrity and the political regimes of each other.  They vowed to boost bilateral links in humanitarian affairs, post-war recovery, people-to-people exchange, science-technology, education-training, health care and national defence-security.  Both sides underscored the importance of maritime and aviation freedom in the East Sea and expressed support for peaceful settlement of disputes in line with international law, including respecting diplomatic and legal processes.  They also lauded the progress of negotiations on a Code of Conduct in the East Sea.  Trump stated that the US supports ASEAN’s central role, the promotion of the US-ASEAN strategic partnership and Vietnam’s hosting of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Forum 2017, saying that he looks forward to visiting Vietnam in November to attend the APEC Leaders’ Meeting.  Following the talks, the two sides issued a joint statement on Vietnam-US Relations.  While in the capital, the Vietnamese leader met with US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue, had phone calls with four congressional leaders and attended a banquet hosted by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.  In New York, he met United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres and attended a ceremony celebrating Vietnam’s 40-years of UN membership.  During his stay, the PM met and talked with business executives from NASDAQ, ExxonMobil, Coca Cola, Nike, Boeing, ASG, McKinsey, General Electrics, Murphy Oil and Hilton.  While attending a round-table conference on Vietnam-US investment and financial cooperation and a banquet hosted by the US Chamber of Commerce and the US-ASEAN Business Council  with hundreds of US firms and several Vietnamese companies in attendance, the PM witnessed the signing of 19 deals worth nearly 12 billion USD.  Meeting with US politicians and scholars at the Heritage Foundation, the world’s leading institution on independent policy research, he delivered a keynote speech entitled “Opportunities, challenges to peace, security, cooperation and development in Asia-Pacific and development of Vietnam-US comprehensive partnership”.  VNA PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc returns to Hanoi, concludes US visit, Government news, Vietnam breaking news, politic news, vietnamnet bridge, english news, Vietnam news, news Vietnam, vietnamnet news, Vietnam net news, Vietnam latest news, vn news   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on National Assembly discusses $16 billion Long Thanh airport project President welcomes US Senator John McCain Law on Legal Assistance focus of NA discussion on June 1 PM Prayut Chan-o-cha: Vietnam-Thailand ties at peak NA leader calls for US Congress support for increased trade Vietnam, Netherlands share visions on financial policy enforcement State asked to apologise to wrongfully convicted Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc concludes official visit to US Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc, US President Donald Trump hold talks PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc greets US Secretary of Commerce     Top Stories Two dollar billionaires: does Vietnam need more? Mid-end smartphone segment cramped with many players Environmental groups call for reconsideration of thermal power plan Vietnam has too many "key" industries: economists Chinese travelers: opportunity or risk for tourism development? VN sports betting market attracts billions of US dollars Bachelor’s degree graduates rush to vocational schools Feature phones still popular in Vietnam The last nghien wood kingdom is being destroyed Massive imports overpower domestically made products Latest News PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc returns to Hanoi, concludes US visit HCM City launches digital traffic app HCM City weekend bazaar attracts droves of visitors Hoi An prepares for int’l silk and brocade festival Red maple tourist area blooms open in Da Lat HCM City post office, tunnels among top Asian landmarks Hanoi may replace 4,000 trees Heads of fraud company arrested Da Nang picks souvenirs for APEC HCM City authorities act as rumours threaten to cause property bubble     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
Politics World ASEAN Society Business Culture - Sports Sci-Tech Health Environment Travel Destinations Festival Tours Discovery Vietnamplus Search × Categories Politics World ASEAN Society Business Culture - Sports Sci-Tech Health Environment Travel Destinations Festival Tours Media Center Photo Video Timeline Friday, June 02, 2017 - 14:06:12 Thang Long - Hanoi Fatherland Sea & Islands Tiếng Việt  |  English  |  Français  |  Español  |  中文 Politics PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc returns to Hanoi, concludes US visit VNA Friday, June 02, 2017 - 11:18:00 Print Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc (L) and US President Donald Trump (Source: VNA) Hanoi (VNA) – Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc and his entourage returned to Hanoi on June 2, concluding the US visit from May 29-31 at the invitation of President Donald Trump. It was the first visit to the US by the PM in his role as head of government. In Washington DC, PM Phuc and President Trump held talks and met the press. It was their first meeting since the two nations chose new leadership. During talks, the two leaders expressed their delight at the development of the bilateral comprehensive partnership in diverse areas, bilaterally and multilaterally and agreed that there are opportunities ahead to develop ties further. Host and guest committed to developing stable, long-term, constructive and mutually beneficial ties for the sake of the two countries and for peace, stability, cooperation and development in Asia-Pacific and the world, on the basis of compliance with the United Nations Charter and international law, respect to independence, sovereignty, territorial integrity and the political regimes of each other. They vowed to boost bilateral links in humanitarian affairs, post-war recovery, people-to-people exchange, science-technology, education-training, health care and national defence-security. Both sides underscored the importance of maritime and aviation freedom in the East Sea and expressed support for peaceful settlement of disputes in line with international law, including respecting diplomatic and legal processes. They also lauded the progress of negotiations on a Code of Conduct in the East Sea. Trump stated that the US supports ASEAN’s central role, the promotion of the US-ASEAN strategic partnership and Vietnam’s hosting of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Forum 2017, saying that he looks forward to visiting Vietnam in November to attend the APEC Leaders’ Meeting. Following the talks, the two sides issued a joint statement on Vietnam-US Relations. While in the capital, the Vietnamese leader met with US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue, had phone calls with four congressional leaders and attended a banquet hosted by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. In New York, he met United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres and attended a ceremony celebrating Vietnam’s 40-years of UN membership. During his stay, the PM met and talked with business executives from NASDAQ, ExxonMobil, Coca Cola, Nike, Boeing, ASG, McKinsey, General Electrics, Murphy Oil and Hilton. While attending a round-table conference on Vietnam-US investment and financial cooperation and a banquet hosted by the US Chamber of Commerce and the US-ASEAN Business Council  with hundreds of US firms and several Vietnamese companies in attendance, the PM witnessed the signing of 19 deals worth nearly 12 billion USD. Meeting with US politicians and scholars at the Heritage Foundation, the world’s leading institution on independent policy research, he delivered a keynote speech entitled “Opportunities, challenges to peace, security, cooperation and development in Asia-Pacific and development of Vietnam-US comprehensive partnership”. -VNA Related News Politics Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc concludes official visit to US Politics Prime Minister highlights stronger Vietnam-US parliamentary ties Business Vietjet signs multi-billion USD deals during PM’s official trip to US Politics Prime Minister meets US scholars Politics Joint statement for enhancing Vietnam-US comprehensive partnership Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc entourage talks President Donald Trump comprehensive partnership United Nations Charter international law APEC Vietnam Vietnam news VietnamPlus Vietnam News Agency United States Vietnam Your comments about this article ... Submit Cancel Most Popular 01/06/2017 Politics Joint statement for enhancing Vietnam-US comprehensive partnership 28/05/2017 Politics Prime Minister’s visit set to forward Vietnam-US relations 01/06/2017 Politics PM Phuc, President Trump talk ways to advance Vietnam-US ties 28/05/2017 Politics American expert: Vietnam continues to be important partner of US 28/05/2017 Politics Increasing visits show growing Vietnam-US ties: ambassador 30/05/2017 Politics Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc begins official visit to US Others 01/06/2017 PM Prayut Chan-o-cha: Vietnam-Thailand ties at peak 01/06/2017 Vietnam, Netherlands share visions on financial policy enforcement 01/06/2017 HCM City leader hosts Slovak Deputy Prime Minister 01/06/2017 President welcomes US Senator John McCain 01/06/2017 Law on Legal Assistance focus of NA discussion on June 1 01/06/2017 Sympathy to Sri Lanka over calamity losses 01/06/2017 Czech President to pay State visit to Vietnam 01/06/2017 Congratulations to new Prime Minister of RoK Intellectual Property Terms Of Use RSS Support Languages VNA News Service Advertisement Contact © Copyright, VietnamPlus, Vietnam News Agency (VNA). Editor-in-chief, Mr. Le Quoc Minh. Licence No. 1374/GP-BTTTT dated September 11, 2008 by the Ministry of Information and Communications. Tel: (+84 4) 3941.1349 - Fax: (+84 4) 3941.1348 - Email: vietnamplus@vnanet.vn POWERED BY
ChinaUS EUROPEASIA 中文双语Français HOME CHINA CHINA-AFRICA WORLD BUSINESS CULTURE LIFESTYLE TRAVEL WATCHTHIS SPORTS OPINION FORUM VIDEO Business\Companies DJI takes to skies again, with launch of new Spark drone By DONG LESHUO in Washington | China Daily | Updated: 2017-05-26 07:09 Michael Perry, director of strategic partnerships of DJI, demonstrates the palm-sized drone Spark during an event in New York. PROVIDED TO CHINA DAILY Shenzhen-based group SZ DJI Technology Co, the world's biggest consumer drone maker, launched its new product, Spark, in New York on Wednesday, with key innovations it hopes will see the device take off in the burgeoning market. DJI said Spark is an easy-to-use camera drone that can lift off from the palm of a hand. It is also the first drone that users can control with hand gestures alone, removing the barriers between the user and the camera in the sky. Michael Perry, director of strategic partnerships at DJI, introduced Spark to around 200 people at a launch event at Grand Central Station. "Controlling a camera drone with hand movements alone is a major step toward making aerial technology an intuitive part of everyone's daily life, from work and adventure to moments with friends and family," said Paul Pan, senior product manager at DJI. "Spark's revolutionary new interface lets you effortlessly extend your point of view to the air, making it easier than ever to capture and share the world from new perspectives," Pan added. Aside from being user-friendly, DJI's drones are also known for being small and lightweight. Wired magazine wrote on Wednesday: "Isn't DJI's new drone just the cutest little thing? A one-pound drone just seven or eight inches across is something you can toss into your backpack without a second thought." "By far the coolest Spark feature is its gesture-controlled flight mode, allowing you to send the drone overhead to take an aerial photo of you and your buds with just simple hand movements." DJI claims to account for 70 percent of the global consumer drone market. According to The Economist, the company is at the forefront of the civilian-drone industry. "A Chinese firm has taken the lead in a promising market," it wrote in 2015, comparing DJI to what Boeing Co did with commercial airliners in the 1930s. "DJI is today leading the charge in transforming civilian-drone manufacturing from something for hobbyists into a proper business," the magazine wrote. The founder of DJI, Wang Tao created the world's leading drone company from his hobby, launching DJI from his dorm at Hong Kong University of Science & Technology in 2006 when he was 26. Aside from its success in the global consumer drone market, DJI is also devoting attention to industry-level drones, according to an earlier report in China Daily. In November 2016, DJI launched an upgraded agricultural drone, the MG-1S, which is equipped with an advanced flight control system, radar and sensors. Last month, DJI and Qianxun Spatial Intelligence Inc, a company that uses China's homegrown Beidou navigation satellite system for location and data analysis, announced a strategic partnership to promote the application of the navigation system in the drone industry. Related Stories DJI, Qianxun partnership to promote the BeiDou system Chinese drone-maker DJI looks to expand in LatAm DJI unveils new series of Matrice drones DJI sees jump in revenue DJI launches upgraded agricultural drone Photo Wuzhen gets smart with World Internet Conference Photos reveal how Japan celebrated Nanjing invasion How firemen put out oil tanker blaze within two hours World's 4th largest lake Aral Sea shrinking Nobel Prize 'to spur TCM development' Internet makes life in Wuzhen more convenient Top Views Most Popular EU ready to move forward with China after French election Fees charged drivers must be legal and reasonable Living in China cheaper as Asian cities get pricier Tokyo Bay area a lesson in development Aviation industry to fly on wings of C919 Strictly regulate glass-based bridges Columnists Abe aims to unchain Japan from the postwar regime Discovering China in Washington's used bookstores China-Africa ZTE eyeing growth prospects in Turkey ZTE eyeing growth prospects in Turkey BACK TO THE TOP HOME CHINA CHINA-AFRICA WORLD BUSINESS CULTURE LIFESTYLE TRAVEL WATCHTHIS SPORTS OPINION FORUM VIDEO Copyright 1995 - . All rights reserved. The content (including but not limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this site belongs to China Daily Information Co (CDIC). Without written authorization from CDIC, such content shall not be republished or used in any form. Note: Browsers with 1024*768 or higher resolution are suggested for this site. License for publishing multimedia online 0108263 Registration Number: 130349 About China Daily Advertise on Site Contact Us Job Offer Expat Employment FOLLOW US
주메뉴 바로가기 콘텐츠 바로가기 1 / 3 2 / 3 3 / 3 2017.06.02  Fri Select Language Select Language عربي 中国语 English Français Deutsch Bahasa Indonesia 日本語 한국어 Русский Español Tiếng Việt News News Politics Economy Inter-Korea International Domestic Culture Science Sports Latest News Video News Hot Issues of the Week Photos Charts & Stats Current Affairs in Focus Program Business & IT Key Business Issue Power of Small Businesses People Touch Base in Seoul Inter-Korea Korea, Today and Tomorrow Life Drama Lines Seoul Travel Tips K-Beauty & Style Culture The Korea Travel Log Sounds of Korea Korean Folktales Entertainment K-POP News Concert Info K-POP Top 10 PlayList Artists Search Backstage Chat Showcase Message Board About KBS World Radio About KBS World Radio KBS World Radio Programs KBS World Radio Quarterly Quiz Quarterly Quiz Winners Interactive PR Room Message Board Contact Us Reception Report How To Listen Program Pairing English Programs Time & Frequency How to Listen (11 Languages) Shortwave Local FM/AM & Satellite Internet KONG Podcasts RSS Feeds How to Listen English Service Mobile Applications KBS World Radio Mobile KBS World Radio On-Air SNS Twitter(News) Twitter(Feature) Facebook Youtube Channel Win.K (Internet Radio ON-AIR) Win.K 24 (English) Win.K 11 Win.K MUSIC Win.K KPOP+ Win.K KPOPⓔ Latest News Listen Again News Politics Economy Inter-Korea International Domestic Culture Science Sports Latest News Video News Hot Issues of the Week Photos Charts & Stats Current Affairs in Focus Business & IT Key Business Issue Power of Small Businesses People Touch Base in Seoul Inter-Korea Korea, Today and Tomorrow Life Drama Lines Seoul Travel Tips K-Beauty & Style Culture The Korea Travel Log Sounds of Korea Korean Folktales Entertainment K-POP News Concert Info K-POP Top 10 PlayList Artists Search Backstage Chat Showcase Message Board About KBS World Radio KBS World Radio Programs KBS World Radio Quarterly Quiz Quarterly Quiz Winners Interactive PR Room Message Board Contact Us Reception Report Program Pairing English Programs Time & Frequency How to Listen (11 Languages) Shortwave Local FM/AM & Satellite Internet KONG Podcasts RSS Feeds How to Listen English Service Mobile Applications KBS World Radio Mobile KBS World Radio On-Air SNS Twitter(News) Twitter(Feature) Facebook Youtube Channel Win.K (Internet Radio ON-AIR) Win.K 24 (English) Win.K 11 Win.K MUSIC Win.K KPOP+ Win.K KPOPⓔ Latest News Listen Again Home About KBS World Radio Privacy Policy Web Accessibility Policy Reception Report 브라우저가 인라인 프레임을 지원하지 않거나 현재 인라인 프레임을 표시하지 않도록 설정되어 있습니다. Politics Home > News > News > Politics [Exclusive] FX Fighter Jets Procurement Project Under State Inspection Write : 2017-06-02 09:52:04 Update : 2017-06-02 10:14:36 In an exclusive report by KBS, the Board of Audit and Inspection(BAI) is confirmed to be scrutinizing the KF-X project, the largest military procurement project carried out under the former Park Geun-hye administration.   An official of the BAI told KBS that the watchdog agency sent inspectors to the Defense Acquisition Program Administration(DAPA) in April to launch an audit into the project to acquire next-generation fighter jets for the country.   The DAPA signed a seven-point-three trillion won, or six-point-five billion dollar, deal with Lockheed Martin in 2014 to buy 40 F-35A fighter jets.  Under the deal, the state arms procurer said the U.S. company would transfer 25 technologies necessary for the development of South Korea’s indigenous fighter jet, the KF-X.   However, Lockheed Martin refused to transfer four core technologies related to the fighter jet, including active electronically scanned array(AESA) radars, forcing the South Korean military to develop the AESA radar system on its own.   The BAI suspects that the expensive project had been carried out improperly, wasting taxpayers’ money and impeding the South Korean Air Force’s augmentation program.   The BAI official noted the audit was launched before the inauguration of the Moon Jae-in administration and has nothing to do with the new government.   However, the military leadership and those involved in the procurement project were known to be on the watch for the inspection given the Moon administration’s pledge to end corruption regarding military procurement.    The audit into the fighter jet procurement project is also being carried out as the government is probing military officials after they failed to report to President Moon about the delivery of four additional THAAD launchers.   In September of 2013, the DAPA voted against Boeing’s F-15 Silent Eagle, which was a sole candidate for the KF-X program, during the final bidding procedure and named Lockheed Martin’s F-35 A as the successful bidder the following year.   The decision to choose Lockheed Martin over Boeing as the sole supplier for the KF-X project was made under then Defense Minister Kim Kwan-jin, who until recently served as national security adviser for the Park administration.  News List Survey: Pres. Moon's Approval Rating Stands at Record 84% 2017-06-02 Gov't: S. Korean Steel Poses No Threat to US Security 2017-06-02 Pres. Moon Visits Dementia Patients in Senior Care Center 2017-06-02 US Withdraws from Paris Climate Accord 2017-06-02 [Exclusive] FX Fighter Jets Procurement Project Under State Inspection 2017-06-02 Putin: Russia Opposed to THAAD Deployment 2017-06-02 NIS Chief Orders to Abolish Domestic Intel Operations 2017-06-01 Gov't Aims to Add 16,000 Teachers by 2022 2017-06-01 Moon Appoints 3 Deputy Chiefs of NIS 2017-06-01 Advisory Panel, Governors Association Discuss Decentralization 2017-06-01    1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10  Internet Radio On-Air Window to KBS WORLD Radio Window to KOREA Win.k 24 Win.k 11 Win.k MUSIC Win.k KPOP PLUS Win.k KPOP E Major News US Announces Fresh Sanction Measures on N. Korea Survey: Pres. Moon's Approval Rating Stands at Record 84% [Exclusive] FX Fighter Jets Procurement Project Under State Inspection SNS Facebook News Features Youtube More Service KBS World Radio Mobile The new app consolidates KBS World Radio’s news and feature contents with services previously provided through separate apps... < 1 / 4 > KBS World Radio On-Air On-Air app is specifically designed for quick and easy access to audio services for KBS World Radio programs in 11 languages. < 2 / 4 > RSS Service You can subscribe to KBS World Radio’s news and other Web contents through RSS < 3 / 4 > Podcasts You can download KBS World Radio News in eleven languages through Podcast KBS Radio Tune < 4 / 4 > Home About KBS World Radio Privacy Policy Web Accessibility Policy Reception Report 관련 사이트 관련 사이트 바로가기 KBS Family Sites KBS Website KBS Website(in English) KBS America KBS Japan KBS World TV Copyright © 2013 KBS World Radio All Rights Reserved. This website is sponsored by the Korea Communications Commission.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Arun Patil International Aircraft Fuel Cells Market 2017-2021: Report Concentrate on (Top Manufacturers, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, Types, Forecast) Global Aircraft Fuel Cells Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. The market report assesses key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the Aircraft Fuel Cells industry. The Aircraft Fuel Cells Market is anticipated to increase at a significant CAGR of 6.37% during the years 2017-2021. Aircraft Fuel Cells Market Report Covered: Emerging market trends, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market share assessments for the regional and country level segments, Aircraft Fuel Cells market report includes segmentation (By Type, By Applications, By End-Users, & More), key market players, and strategies in the market, detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants. Get Sample PDF of Aircraft Fuel Cells Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10533864 Aircraft Fuel Cells Market Segmentation by: Type: ethanol, biodiesel. The Aircraft Fuel Cells Market report delivers detailed study on the major drivers and challenges with respect to regions, key players & their impact. Drivers: Governments across globe backing biofuel vehicles, Stringent regulations for keeping a check on vehicular emissions is likely to drive use of automotive biofuels. Challenges: Subsidies to fossil fuel consumption hampering adoption of biofuels for automotive use, Requirement of high capital investment for ethanol production compared with fossil fuel production. Trends: Growth in commercialization of second-generation ethanol, Biofuel production to go green, Research on third-generation biofuel: Algae fuel. Browse Detailed Information on Global Aircraft Fuel Cells Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10533864 Geographical Regions: Americas, APAC, EMEA. The Aircraft Fuel Cells market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, demand and present scenarios in Aircraft Fuel Cells industry. Global Aircraft Fuel Cells Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key Vendors:  Airbus, Ballard Power Systems, Boeing, Hydrogenics, NUVERA FUEL CELLS, Serenergy, and many more. The Aircraft Fuel Cells Market report includes company share analysis for the major companies operating in this market by major regions. Price of Report: $3500 (Single User License) Get Full Access @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10533864 The Aircraft Fuel Cells market report highlight the economy, past and emerging trend of industry, and availability of basic resources. Furthermore, the Aircraft Fuel Cells market report explains development trend, analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Aircraft Fuel Cells industry before evaluating its possibility.   CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsAircraft Fuel Cells Industry, Aircraft Fuel Cells Industry Growth, Aircraft Fuel Cells Market, Aircraft Fuel Cells Market Analysis, Aircraft Fuel Cells Market forecast, Aircraft Fuel Cells Market Growth, Aircraft Fuel Cells Market Research, Aircraft Fuel Cells Market Shares, Aircraft Fuel Cells Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hydrostatic Press Market: Global Analysis of Key Players, Trend, Dynamics, Demand & Forecast 2017-2022 Next PostNext Laparoscopic Port Market Analysis, Outlook, Opportunities, Size, Share Forecast and Supply Demand 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Noteworthy Thursday Option Activity: ACIA, EXAS, GM Notable Thursday Option Activity: XBIT, BOX, PBYI Notable Thursday Option Activity: CBI, AXON, ALRM Noteworthy Thursday Option Activity: AVGO, NYLD, SGMS NYMT Crosses Above Key Moving Average Level Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 6% during 2016-2021 Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Market by IVHM Technology (Prognostic, Diagnostic, CBM & Adaptive Control), Sub-System (Aero-Propulsion, Aircraft Structure, Avionics and Ancillary System), Fit (Line fit and Retro fit), and by Region- Forecast To 2021 Study Objectives of Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Market • To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Market • To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth • To analyse the Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porter’s five force analysis etc. • To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW) • To provide country-level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective • To provide country-level analysis of the market for segment by IVHM technology, sub-system, and fit. • To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analysing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market • To track and analyse competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Market Get a Sample Report @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1494 Market Synopsis of Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Market The Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 6% during 2016-2021. The key factors driving the growth are the advantages of structural health monitoring, need for aircraft real-time damage detection, growing trend towards more electric aircraft, rising demand for automation, growth in situational awareness to drive operations, reducing unscheduled maintenance & increasing asset utilization, and cost effective maintenance. As per the MRFR analysis, challenges associated with SHM sensors to integrate into aero structure, and certification clearances are the restrains affecting the market growth. Development of fiber optics sensor for real time data analysis and R&D spending on health monitoring systems are the emerging trends in the market. Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Market Key Players Some of the key players in the Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Market are Airbus, Boeing, GE Aviation, Rockwell Collins, United Technologies, Accellent Technologies, BeanAir, Meggitt, RSL Electronics, Rolls-Royce Holdings, and Ultra Electronics Holdings. Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Market Target Audience Aircraft HMS OEMs Component Suppliers Aftermarket suppliers /MROs Research Institute / Education Institute Potential Investors Key executive (CEO and COO) and strategy growth manager Browse Full Report Details @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/commercial-aircraft-… Regional and Country Analysis of Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Market As per the MRFR analysis, APAC is expected to grow at a healthy CAGR of around 10% during the forecast period. The reports also cover country level analysis: Americas (North & Latin) US Canada Brazil Others Europe Germany France Italy Spain K Rest of Europe Asia – Pacific China India Japan Australia/New Zealand Rest of Asia-Pacific Middle East & Africa UAE, Kuwait Israel Rest of Middle East & Africa The market report for Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Market of Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance. The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides details information and strategies of the top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different market segments and regions. About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. Contact: Akash Anand, Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Worldwide Multi-Photon Confocal Microscopes Market by 2021 Opportunities, Strategies, Suppliers, Consumption, Challenges, Revenue, Supply, Demand, Market Growth Rate & Forecast Next PostNext Aidfile Recovery Launches SD Card Recovery for Toshiba, Transcend and Panasonic Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman SLCC Promise, Aerospace Pathways Win Envision Utah Awards Salt Lake Community College officials were joined by Utah Gov. Gary Herbert (far left) in accepting an Envision Utah award for SLCC Promise. Salt Lake City, Utah (PRWEB) June 01, 2017 Salt Lake Community College, during an event at the State Capitol, received Envision Utah’s “Your Utah, Your Future” award for SLCC Promise, a unique program that helps qualifying students at SLCC pay for their college education. Envision Utah also recognized the Utah Aerospace Pathways program, of which SLCC is a partner. The Envision Utah award for Promise recognizes steps SLCC has taken to “advance quality growth principles” in Utah and to improve the lives of its residents. SLCC Promise helps eligible, full-time students pay for their education by covering the cost of tuition and fees when federal grants fall short. SLCC Promise has helped about 700 students, exceeding 1,000 awards worth approximately $800,000 in value since the program started last year. To be eligible for SLCC Promise funds, students first must exhaust other sources of financial aid, including federal Pell grants, VA chapter benefits, scholarships and other tuition waivers. With requirements to develop an academic plan in collaboration with an academic advisor, maintain a 2.0 GPA and attend full time, SLCC Promise is providing a pathway for students to succeed and complete their degrees at SLCC. For more information, visit http://www.slcc.edu/promise. Since 2015, the Aerospace Pathways program has been providing Utah students the opportunity to graduate high school with a certificate in aerospace manufacturing and begin a career in that field. The first semester of the program takes place in high schools while the second semester is held at SLCC and Davis Applied Technology College. Students also participate in paid internships during their senior year of high school. Upon completion of the program and after passing pre-employment requirements, students can work for program industry partners such as Boeing, Harris, Hexcel, Hill Air Force Base, Janicki or Orbital ATK. Jobs at these employers are considered to provide “family-sustaining” wages and, in some cases, include tuition reimbursement programs for continued education after working for the company for at least one year. Envision Utah is a nonprofit “neutral facilitator” that brings together “residents, elected officials, developers, conservationists, business leaders and other interested parties to make informed decisions” about how Utah should grow. Salt Lake Community College is an accredited, student-focused, comprehensive community college meeting the diverse needs of the Salt Lake community. Home to more than 60,000 students each year, the College is Utah’s leading provider of workforce development programs. SLCC is also the largest supplier of transfer students to Utah’s four-year institutions and a perennial Top 10 college nationally for total associate degrees awarded. The College is the sole provider of applied technology courses in the Salt Lake area, with multiple locations, an eCampus, and nearly 1,000 continuing education sites located throughout the Salt Lake Valley. Personal attention from an excellent faculty is paramount at the College, which maintains an average class size of 20. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Marine Fuel Injection System Market Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Forecast, Supply Demand to 2020 Next PostNext HFF Closes $101 Million Sale of and Arranges $67.82 Million Financing for 7-Building Office Portfolio in Tampa, Florida Search Recent Posts NZ dollar extends gains vs Aussie on weak iron ore UW System and UW-Oshkosh Announce Innovative Pilot Program to Help Meet States IT Workforce Demands STATEMENT: Lt. Governor Newsom on the Paris Climate Agreement Full Auto Washing Machine Clutch Market Capacity, Entry Strategies, Production and Production Value & Forecast 2017-2021 Urethral Probes Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics & Forecast -2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / SLCC Promise, Aerospace Pathways Win Envision Utah Awards SLCC Promise, Aerospace Pathways Win Envision Utah Awards Posted on June 1, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Awards recognize SLCC's steps to 'advance quality growth principles" in Utah and efforts to improve the lives of its residents. Salt Lake City, Utah (PRWEB) June 01, 2017 Salt Lake Community College, during an event at the State Capitol, received Envision Utah’s “Your Utah, Your Future” award for SLCC Promise, a unique program that helps qualifying students at SLCC pay for their college education. Envision Utah also recognized the Utah Aerospace Pathways program, of which SLCC is a partner. The Envision Utah award for Promise recognizes steps SLCC has taken to “advance quality growth principles” in Utah and to improve the lives of its residents. SLCC Promise helps eligible, full-time students pay for their education by covering the cost of tuition and fees when federal grants fall short. SLCC Promise has helped about 700 students, exceeding 1,000 awards worth approximately $800,000 in value since the program started last year. To be eligible for SLCC Promise funds, students first must exhaust other sources of financial aid, including federal Pell grants, VA chapter benefits, scholarships and other tuition waivers. With requirements to develop an academic plan in collaboration with an academic advisor, maintain a 2.0 GPA and attend full time, SLCC Promise is providing a pathway for students to succeed and complete their degrees at SLCC. For more information, visit http://www.slcc.edu/promise. Since 2015, the Aerospace Pathways program has been providing Utah students the opportunity to graduate high school with a certificate in aerospace manufacturing and begin a career in that field. The first semester of the program takes place in high schools while the second semester is held at SLCC and Davis Applied Technology College. Students also participate in paid internships during their senior year of high school. Upon completion of the program and after passing pre-employment requirements, students can work for program industry partners such as Boeing, Harris, Hexcel, Hill Air Force Base, Janicki or Orbital ATK. Jobs at these employers are considered to provide “family-sustaining” wages and, in some cases, include tuition reimbursement programs for continued education after working for the company for at least one year. Envision Utah is a nonprofit “neutral facilitator” that brings together “residents, elected officials, developers, conservationists, business leaders and other interested parties to make informed decisions” about how Utah should grow. Salt Lake Community College is an accredited, student-focused, comprehensive community college meeting the diverse needs of the Salt Lake community. Home to more than 60,000 students each year, the College is Utah’s leading provider of workforce development programs. SLCC is also the largest supplier of transfer students to Utah’s four-year institutions and a perennial Top 10 college nationally for total associate degrees awarded. The College is the sole provider of applied technology courses in the Salt Lake area, with multiple locations, an eCampus, and nearly 1,000 continuing education sites located throughout the Salt Lake Valley. Personal attention from an excellent faculty is paramount at the College, which maintains an average class size of 20. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/06/prweb14389124.htm Latest News World’s Premier Arborists, Scientists and Researchers to Meet for International Events in Washington, D.C. SLCC Promise, Aerospace Pathways Win Envision Utah Awards Statement from UN Foundation President and CEO Kathy Calvin on U.S. Decision to Withdraw from the Paris Agreement on Climate Change Study.com Recognized as one of Inc. Magazine’s 2017 Best Workplaces OneQube Acquires Internet Media Labs & Them Digital, and Launches Audience Automation Software Stack with Artificial Intelligence Susan Ellerbusch Appointed CEO of Air Liquide USA LLC TUNAI CLIP Bluetooth Music Receiver and Wireless Headphone Amplifier Wins Computex d&i Award ODH Medical Director Candace Saldarini, M.D. to Co-Present on Leveraging Technology to Maximize Care Management for High-Risk Patients at AHIP Health Conference CGT Reveals Finalists for 2017 CMO of the Year Award Interfacing Technologies Launches Next Generation BPM Platform for Digital Transformation! © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments10+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Politics Analysis Analysis Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events This is what Trump’s swamp looks like The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Philip Bump By Philip Bump June 1 at 2:43 PM Follow @pbump President Trump readily admits that the whole “drain the swamp” thing wasn’t his idea. “You know, I told people the other day ‘drain the swamp,’ I said I don’t really like that expression; this was two weeks ago,” Trump said during a campaign stop in Las Vegas in late October. “I said, I don’t love that expression, so hokey. I thought it was hokey. . . . I said I hate to use this, it’s sort of like, it doesn’t work right. And I said it two weeks ago to a big crowd, and I said it, and the place went crazy. Then I said it a second time, and the place went even crazier. And then the third time, like you, they started saying it before I said it. And all of the sudden, I decided I love that expression; it’s a great expression.” He came to embrace the slogan. He never came to embrace the concept behind it. At a rally in Kinston, N.C., Oct. 26, then-presidential candidate Donald Trump said the phrase "drain the swamp" had been "trending all over the world" since he started using it. (The Washington Post) Granted, which swamp was being drained was always a little vague. Was it career politicians? Career bureaucrats? Obviously it was lobbyists, given how often Trump disparaged the work of lobbyists, who, he said, he knew well from his work in the private sector. Trump even came up with a pledge that members of his administration would have to sign, aimed at preventing conflicts of interest. On Wednesday, we learned that 17 members of his administration had been granted waivers allowing them to continue to interact with former clients. Trump isn’t the first president to issue such waivers; Barack Obama also issued 17 waivers — over the course of his two terms in office. What’s more, the administration has not been shy about hiring individuals who were once registered as lobbyists with the federal government. Data provided to The Washington Post by the liberal PAC American Bridge details the extent to which former lobbyists have made their way into the administration. Twenty work for the executive office of the president itself, including four so-called “super-lobbyists” — ones who represented at least 10 different companies or organizations before coming to work for the government. What’s more, of the 74 lobbyists identified by American Bridge, 49 now work for agencies they used to lobby. The data we were provided allows us to visualize those lobbyists in the Trump administration — his own personal swamp, if you will. We’ve highlighted a few of the lobbyists and agencies. At lower center is the White House itself. At right, the Department of Homeland Security, which now employs a super-lobbyist who represented Boeing — which also employed another super-lobbyist who now works for the White House. The third lobbyist who once represented Boeing was Michael Catanzano, a super-lobbyist who represented 15 different businesses or organizations, according to his federal filing records. Catanzano now works for the White House and was involved in the administration’s decision on whether to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement. Trump’s apathy about the swamp on the campaign trail has transformed into an embrace of it. The swamp still comes in handy. politics politics Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters false :: test The story must be told. Your subscription supports journalism that matters. Try 1 month for 99¢ politics politics Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters true :: test The story must be told. Your subscription supports journalism that matters. Try 1 month for 99¢ 10+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Philip Bump is a correspondent for The Post based in New York City. Follow @pbump 12 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Trump announces U.S. will exit Paris climate deal 2 Analysis James Comey is jumping into the fire by testifying to Congress about Trump. What’s in it for him? 3 Analysis Ex-DNC aide hits back hard at Clinton, says her campaign ignored data on Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin 4 Clinton’s misplaced criticism of the DNC as a cause of her defeat 5 White House grants ethics waivers to 17 appointees, including four former lobbyists The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Inside 'Trump Revealed' Read stories based on reporting for “Trump Revealed,” a broad, comprehensive biography of the life of the president. Reporting archive: Trump’s financial records, depositions and interview transcripts politics politics Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Manufacturers > COMAC plans more automation amid ARJ21 ramp-up COMAC plans more automation amid ARJ21 ramp-up Jun 1, 2017 Bradley Perrett | ATW Plus EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Chengdu Airlines ARJ21 COMAC Related Media Gallery: Irkut MC-21's first flight The Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (COMAC) is planning increased automation as it sets up a second production line for its ARJ21 regional jet. A final goal is to achieve a moving production line like the one that Boeing uses in making the 737, a COMAC official told a conference in Shanghai. But a moving line looks far away, since the manufacturer still has work to do even in getting its first production line up to a planned rate of 15 aircraft per year. Beyond that, the company is ... Subscribe to Access this Entire Article "COMAC plans more automation amid ARJ21 ramp-up" is part of ATW Plus, our online premium membership. Subscribing will provide you access to exclusive news, carefully researched airline financial, fleet and traffic data, plus the option to receive our popular, award-winning print magazine. To learn more, click here. If viewing via ATW Mobile, please login and click "Read web article" to view fully. Questions? ATWPlus@penton.com. Subscribe to ATW Plus Already registered? Log In here. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Airbus looks at potentially ramping up A320 monthly production to 60 or higher 1   UAC, COMAC launch widebody JV   Bombardier reassures airlines on CSeries, expects more orders in 2017   China’s COMAC rolls out C919 2   Blogs & Commentary Jun 1, 2017 blog Trump’s withdrawal from Paris is bad news for the ICAO emissions deal The hard truth is that CORSIA 'complements' Paris. The two agreements are inexorably linked....More May 29, 2017 blog The bigger questions of British Airways’ IT meltdown As with all disasters, natural or man-made, there comes a time for mopping up, analysis and self- examination. What was learned? How can this be avoided again? That’s where British Airways sits now, as schedules return to normal after the IT meltdown that essentially shut down its London Heathrow and Gatwick operations over the weekend....More May 25, 2017 blog Just get it right ​ Every day there is a new headline about an airline getting it wrong, but a recent study revealed that North American passengers are apparently happier than ever....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location May 26, 2017 Article SITA showcases multi-merchant payment platform, mixed reality Global air transport IT specialist SITA has launched a secure payment solution using common-use platforms that will enable airlines and airports to maximize ancillary sales at every part of the airport journey....More May 23, 2017 Article Thales: Future IFE includes personalization, revenue opportunities The future of IFE will involve seatback monitors that interface with passengers, customize content and generate ancillary revenue, according to Thales executives at the company’s new IFE final integration and test facility in Irvine, California, May 22....More May 23, 2017 Article ATW Plus Thales: Cybersecurity a mounting concern as IFEs collect data   Cybersecurity is a growing concern for airlines as evolving inflight entertainment (IFE) systems start using more sensitive passenger data....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
connexion Français English Español Português Deutsch العربية EN Tokyo (AFP) - 06/02/2017 - 08:06 Tokyo's Nikkei closes above 20,000 points, at 22-month high Manila (AFP) - 06/02/2017 - 06:31 Philippine casino violence not terrorism: presidential spokesman Manila (AFP) - 06/02/2017 - 06:10 Philippine casino gunman likely a foreigner: police Washington (AFP) - 06/02/2017 - 05:22 Trump asks Supreme Court to reinstate Muslim travel ban Manila (AFP) - 06/02/2017 - 05:10 34 bodies found after gunman sets fire to Philippine casino: police Search form Search The News The Agency About AFP management AFP in dates AFP in numbers AFP in the world AFP in pictures AFP Charter Annual report Subsidiaries Awards Press releases and newsletter Medialab Products Products and services Partners Inside AFP BUY OUR PRINTS You are here Home News Putin, Modi talk up trade at Russia's economic showcase 2 Jun 2017 POOL/AFP/File / Etienne LAURENT President Vladimir Putin wants Russia to do more business with India Russian President Vladimir Putin and Indian premier Narendra Modi looked to bolster declining trade Thursday, as the defiant Russian strongman sought to burnish a fragile recovery at the Kremlin's economic showcase despite tensions with the West. Among the deals Modi and Putin oversaw on the third leg of the Indian leader's four-nation tour of Europe was the inking of an agreement for Moscow to build two more reactors at a nuclear plant in southern India. Modi is the guest of honour at this year's three-day Saint Petersburg Economic Forum -- Russia's answer to Davos -- that Putin wants to use to push the idea that Russia has turned the page on a brutal recession caused by low oil prices and sanctions over Ukraine. Speaking to journalists as the showcase kicked off, the combative Kremlin strongman insisted that measures against Moscow, including economic sanctions, had ended up having "zero effect". Putin said he hoped "Russophobia" in the West would "not last for too long, not forever, if only because the understanding has to come that it is counterproductive and harms everyone." He again struck out at allegations the Russian state was behind hacking attacks targeting elections in the West after accusations he meddled in the last year's US vote but did hold out the possibility that "patriotically minded" hackers might have been involved. "If they are patriotically minded, they start making their own contribution which they deem right in the fight against those who demean Russia," he said. "Theoretically this is possible. But we are not involved at the state level." - India ties - For the Kremlin, India represents the sort of major emerging market it wants to do more business with as it looks to insulate itself against geopolitical shocks with the unpredictable Donald Trump in the White House. "Russian-Indian economic cooperation is once again heading in the direction of growth and it is in our shared interests to strengthen this positive tendency," Putin said at a joint press conference with Modi. Russia and India enjoyed a decades-long alliance forged during the Cold War, when the Soviet Union was New Delhi's largest trading partner, diplomatic ally and main arms supplier, providing everything from tanks to aircraft. AFP/File / Tobias SCHWARZ Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be the guest of honour at this year's three-day Saint Petersburg Economic Forum But the relationship became unmoored following the collapse of the USSR, as India underwent an economic transformation and increasingly sought to build trade ties with Western nations. - US businesses back?- While India is occupying pole position at the forum, other visiting international leaders include UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres and Austrian Chancellor Christian Kern. Bosses from Chevron, Exxon and Boeing are among 144 US firms at the event, the best attendance in years after Washington previously warned business leaders against attending due to political tensions. While Russia is talking up its recovery, the situation remains precarious and attention will also focus on talk of much-needed reforms to modernise its creaking economy. But analysts warned that with Putin likely to bid for another term as president in elections next year there are unlikely to be any radical changes. "Structural changes are necessary but to put them into action is not easy," Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov said. 2 Jun 2017 Previous Back to summary Next AFP's worldwide network The global network of Agence France Presse covers 150 countries Find out more Find out more Contact us If you have news to share or a question, comment or suggestion, contact us via... MAIL Facebook Twitter Subsidiaries AFP Gmbh Sport Informations Dienst AFP-Services   About AFP AFP is a global news agency delivering fast, in-depth coverage of the events shaping our world from wars and conflicts to politics, sports, entertainment and the latest breakthroughs in health, science and technology. Useful links Site Map Contact us Terms of use Our Blog Correspondent Partners Business Wire close
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe IAG Chases Budget Long-Haul Travelers on Alitalia's Home Turf by Benjamin D Katz @_benkatz More stories by Benjamin D Katz and Thomas Gualtieri @Thomgua More stories by Thomas Gualtieri June 1, 2017, 8:19 AM EDT Level to focus on Italy, France growth after Spain debut Discount brand to add three planes in 2018, Walsh says Level, the new budget airline from IAG SA, may start flying across the Atlantic from Rome in the latest bid by a low-cost carrier to capitalize on Alitalia SpA’s insolvency. Level, which will lift its fleet of two Airbus SE A330 jets to five in 2018, will initially focus its expansion on Italy and France, IAG Chief Executive Officer Willie Walsh told reporters ahead of Level’s inaugural flight on Thursday. Rival Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA this week said it’s adding U.S. routes from Rome as bankruptcy proceedings force Alitalia to scale back. “It’s clear that there is very strong demand in Rome, and even with the entry of Norwegian we believe there is a market there for Level,” Walsh said. Sales at Level, whose first service from Barcelona to Los Angeles began today, have been “well ahead of our expectations.” IAG, which also owns British Airways and Iberia, has accelerated plans for its new Level offering as Europe’s biggest carriers respond to the emerging no-frills challenge led by Norwegian. By starting its routes a year earlier than planned, Level has beaten the Nordic brand to be the first to offer ultra cheap trans-Atlantic tickets, priced as low as 99 euros ($111), from the Spanish hub. In addition to Rome, Level is considering new bases in Milan and Paris and will operate a codeshare agreement with British Airways’ joint-venture partner American Airlines Group Inc. on its U.S.-Barcelona routes. IAG also plans to expand the Italian network of its subsidiary Vueling in the wake of Alitalia’s administration, Walsh said. “It would be sad if Alitalia disappears, but if it does it would be because it did not change to reflect the demands of the market,” Walsh said. “Airlines that don’t do what the market wants don’t deserve to be in business.” Norwegian is set to start flying from Barcelona to the U.S. later this month as well as deploy Boeing Co. 737 Max jets on similar routes from the U.K. and Ireland. The Oslo-based carrier on Wednesday detailed plans to add services from Rome Fiumicino Airport to Los Angeles; Newark, New Jersey; and Oakland, California. The airline is also studying options to begin operations at three airports in Germany, where the flailing Air Berlin Plc is in restructuring. Other destinations in Italy, Spain and the Czech Republic are under consideration as well, Norwegian’s Chief Commercial Officer Thomas Ramdahl said in an interview. The expansion of the likes of Level and Norwegian into discount, long-haul flights is accelerating pressure on Europe’s legacy airlines which have already rapidly lost ground on intra-European routes to discount giants Ryanair Holdings Plc and EasyJet Plc. Air-France KLM Group and Deutsche Lufthansa AG are working to start similar long-haul operations to compete despite opposition from unions. Ryanair has written to the Italian government offering to replace short-haul routes that are vacated by Alitalia during administration. The Irish discounter is also seeking to establish a feeder arrangement with the carrier that would allow its passengers to connect with Alitalia’s long-haul flights should it survive bankruptcy. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump to Exit Climate Pact as Allies Deride Call for Do-Over Wal-Mart Asks Employees to Deliver Packages on Their Way Home S&P, Moody's Downgrade Illinois to Near Junk, Lowest Ever for a U.S. State Trump Takes Battle Over Travel Ban to Nation’s Highest Court Musk Makes Good on Pledge to Dump Trump Over Paris Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Southwest Airlines Announces New Caribbean Service Details During Sneak Peek Of New Facility At Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood Intl. Airport DALLAS, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) today published its initial flight schedule of nonstop service between Fort Lauderdale (Miami Area) and Providenciales, Turks & Caicos, beginning Nov. 5, 2017, subject to requisite governmental approvals. Southwest Chairman & CEO Gary Kelly made the announcement during a news conference at Broward County’s Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport this morning where stakeholders had a preview of a $333 million revitalization and expansion of Terminal 1 that the County intends to open fully this summer. „These new gates, additional border screening capacity, and the arts and flavor of South Florida will be a hit with hundreds of thousands of Southwest’s local Customers who prefer our all-in friendliness and value,” said Kelly. „In offering access to the network of America’s largest carrier1, we also bring Fort Lauderdale–Hollywood a bolder shade of blue, where two bags fly free for everyone, where no one pays a change fee*, with purposed policies rooted in the spirit of no surprises.” Southwest Airlines’ Bold Look; Same #SouthwestHeart (PRNewsFoto/Southwest Airlines) *Southwest does not charge any passenger for a first or second checked bag, weight and size limitations apply, and never levies a fee simply to change travel plans, though fare differences could apply. Beginning Nov. 5, 2017, fly nonstop daily from Fort Lauderdale to Providenciales, Turks and Caicos                    for as low as              $59 one-way (This fare is offered at Southwest.com in celebration of new nonstop service for purchase today through 11:59 p.m. on June 8, 2017, Eastern Daylight Time, for travel from Nov. 5, 2017, through Jan. 7, 2018. Travel is blacked out Nov. 18, Dec. 16 and 21-22, 2017. Please see complete fare rules, terms and conditions.) Southwest is readying a multi-national celebration to unfold around the first flights Sunday, June 4 to Grand Cayman, Belize, Montego Bay, and Cancun. The carrier is partnering with Lilly Pulitzer, the Palm Beach-born resort wear brand for a fun surprise for Customers on each of the inaugural flights. „As we enter the height of summer travel season, we’re all about celebrating the best days of vacation in favorite Lilly styles and we’re proud to once again team up with Southwest to start the vacation before the plane even leaves the gate,” said Michelle Kelly, CEO of Lilly Pulitzer. Visit swamedia.com for maps, community and service facts, and imagery of the new facility reflecting Southwest’s 20-plus year investment in South Florida. The carrier’s full schedule of service through Jan. 7, 2018, is available for booking at Southwest.com. 1 Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation’s most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation’s largest carrier as measured by the number of originating domestic passengers boarded. TERMS & CONDITIONS FOR LISTED FARE Service will be offered contingent upon requisite governmental approvals. Purchase June 1-8, 2017, 11:59 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time. Travel is valid Nov. 5, 2017, through Jan. 7, 2018. Sale fare to international destination is blacked out Nov. 18, Dec. 16 & Dec. 21-27, 2017. Fare is valid only on nonstop service from Fort Lauderdale (Miami Area) to Providenciales, Turks and Caicos. Displayed prices include all U.S. and international government taxes and fees. Rapid Rewards® Points bookings do not include taxes, fees, and other government/airport charges of at least $5.60 per one-way flight. Seats and days are limited. Fares may vary by destination, flight, and day of week and won’t be available on some flights that operate during very busy travel times and holiday periods. Travel is available on one-way Wanna Get Away® fares. Fares may be combined with other Southwest Airlines combinable fares yet if combining with other fares, the most restrictive fare’s rules apply. Sale fares may be available on other days of week, but that’s not guaranteed. Fares are nonrefundable but may be applied toward future travel on Southwest Airlines®, as long as reservations are canceled at least ten minutes prior to scheduled departure. Failure to cancel at least ten minutes prior to departure will result in forfeiture of remaining funds on the reservation. Any change in itinerary may result in an increase in fare. Standby travel may require an upgrade to the Anytime fare depending on Tier status. Fares are subject to change until ticketed. Offer applies only to published, scheduled service. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 54,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest proudly operates a network of 101 destinations in the United States and eight additional countries with more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season. Service to both Grand Cayman and Cincinnati begins June 4, 2017; and service to Turks and Caicos begins Nov. 5, 2017, subject to requisite government approvals. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation’s most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation’s largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency®, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what’s important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as „The Southwest Effect,” a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 44 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier’s performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2016 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines’ low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/southwest-airlines-announces-new-caribbean-service-details-during-sneak-peek-of-new-facility-at-fort-lauderdale-hollywood-intl-airport-300467205.html SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co. Related Links http://www.southwest.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious BRG Sponsors ABA CJS Global White Collar Crime Institute June 7-8 in Sao Paulo, Brazil Next PostNext Swarovski Publishes Latest Sustainability Report Outlining New Strategic Direction Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Anti-Drone Market Global Industry Analysis 2023 Anti-Drone devices are the protection systems used for detection, tracking and identification of unauthorized intrusion from unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) or drones. These systems are designed for protection against UAVs and realize countermeasures to neutralize the threat from the same. Improved government spending in defense sector to ensure public safety from increasing cross-border threats is the key factor driving the market growth of anti-drone system. Anti-drone market is segmented on the basis of detection type, technology, end-use and drone size. On the basis of detection type, anti-drone market is classified as detection system and tracking and disruption system. Obtain Report Details: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/antidrone-market.html Detection systems are usually deployed for monitoring of UAVs, whereas tracking and disrupt system are used for neutralizing UAVs from air surveillance and potential malicious activity. The increasing need for neutralizing global threats from illicit activities is expected to result in superior market growth of anti-drone systems in the near term. In terms of technology, anti-drone market is classified as conventional kinetic system, laser system and electronics system. Over past few years, significant improvement in terms of application of electronic system in anti-drone systems, this technology is expected to witness faster growth during the forecast period. The anti-drone market can be further analyzed on the basis end-use as aerospace and defense, government and public sector, commercial places (airport, prisons, critical infrastructure and home land security). In terms of drone size, anti-drone market is further classified as large (more than 14 nm detection range), medium class (between 4 to 6 nm detection ranges) and micro UAVs (between 1 to 2 nm detection ranges). Increasing security breach by UAV’s and rising security threat due to unlawful activities are the key factors driving the market growth anti-drone systems. To ensure public safety from increasing cross border activities which ultimately leads to terrorism and other illegal activities has increased the use of drones and UAVs by defense and commercial sectors. Moreover, protection from infringement of UAV’s is the key factor fuelling the market growth of anti-drone systems. However, high initial costs in terms of deployment and development of anti-drone systems is crucial factor affecting its market growth. The significant financial spending from governments to improve the defense system, has led to development of state-of-the-art drones and to counteract these systems, anti-drone systems requires similar capital investment. Furthermore, ensure public safety from anti-drone systems is another factor curbing its growth. The anti-drone system commonly uses search and destroy techniques, hence deployment of these system in public and commercial places such as shopping malls, and concerts is a challenging task. Development of anti-drone systems which can efficiently track long-ranged UAVs can be seen as huge market opportunity by its manufacturers. These anti-drone systems can lead into tracking and disruption of UAVs from long range and mitigate the public safety concerns. On a global scale, North America region is expected to be the market leader in terms of adoption and deployment of anti-drone systems. The significant investment in aerospace and defense sector in the countries such as the U.S. is anticipated to result in deployment of anti-drone system. Fill the form to gain deeper insights on this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… However, with improving government spending in development of aerospace and defense infrastructure in countries such as China, Japan and India, Asia Pacific region is expected to witness faster growth rate of ant-drone systems in the coming years. Some the manufacturers and developers of anti-drone system are The Boeing Company, Thales Group, Blighter Surveillance Systems Ltd., Prime Consulting & Technologies K/S, DeTect, Inc., Liteye Systems, Inc., Enterprise Control Systems, SRC, Inc., DRONESHIELD and Israel Aerospace Industries. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. About TMR Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. TMR’s data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. Contact TMR 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email:sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website:www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Shady Grove Fertility, the Only Fertility Center to Have Published Egg Freezing Pregnancy Data, Has Seen 83% More Women Freezing their Eggs Since 2013 Next PostNext Silver Bullet’s Ranger® Software Now Available for Glory AZ System Co., Ltd. FB Series Check Scanners Search Recent Posts Paper Bags Market : Key Growth Factors and Industry Analysis 2017-2027 Research focused on the Satellite Propulsion System market to grow at 4.09% CAGR during 2017 to 2021 Inflammatory Diseases Market : Recent Industry Trends, Analysis and Forecast 2027 Global Sports Betting Market: How the Market has witnessed Substantial Growth in recent years and What Factors will drive the Market in Upcoming Years? Global Healthcare Clinical Analytics Market Growth, Trends & Forecast (2017 – 2022) Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 21,144 +135.53 +0.65% Nasdaq 6,247 +48.31 +0.78% S&P 500 2,430 +18.26 +0.76% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.6% higher at 12,741.30 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.5% higher at 5,343.43 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.5% higher at 7,577.15 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 392.16 2:31 A.M. ET Updated When is the U.K. election, and when do we know who won? 2:29 A.M. ET Updated Ignore the jitters — The Tories will win the U.K. election 2:28 A.M. ET Updated Theresa May is doing a great Hillary Clinton impersonation with her campaign 2:27 A.M. ET Updated U.K. election: The nightmare, best-case and most likely scenarios for stocks worldwide 2:24 A.M. ET Updated 5 things to know about the U.K. general election next week 2:16 A.M. ET China steps up support for the yuan in fixing 2:16 A.M. ET Inmarsat to make another GX satellite 1:17 A.M. ET Updated Mr. Met teaches us we are all one iPhone video away from being fired 1:05 A.M. ET Updated Being under surveillance changes our behavior — and not for the better 1:05 A.M. ET Updated Who wins under the law — a beneficiary on a life insurance policy or on a divorce decree? 1:04 A.M. ET Oil prices stay weak as investors return to worries over rising production 12:34 A.M. ET Updated The CDC issues warning about a nasty chlorine-resistant parasite lurking in swimming pools 12:34 A.M. ET Updated Republican states have lower credit scores than Democratic states, but carry less debt 12:33 A.M. ET Updated What Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris Agreement means for your wallet 6/01 Updated 34 reported dead in botched casino robbery in Philippines 6/01 Nikkei shoots above 20,000 mark as Asian markets soar Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Southwest Airlines Announces New Caribbean Service Details During Sneak Peek Of New Facility At Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood Intl. Airport By Published: June 1, 2017 11:30 a.m. ET Share Carrier Announces Fares as low as $59 one-way to Turks & Caicos beginning Nov. 5, 2017 DALLAS, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Southwest Airlines Co. LUV, +0.35% today published its initial flight schedule of nonstop service between Fort Lauderdale (Miami Area) and Providenciales, Turks & Caicos, beginning Nov. 5, 2017, subject to requisite governmental approvals. Southwest Chairman & CEO Gary Kelly made the announcement during a news conference at Broward County's Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport this morning where stakeholders had a preview of a $333 million revitalization and expansion of Terminal 1 that the County intends to open fully this summer. "These new gates, additional border screening capacity, and the arts and flavor of South Florida will be a hit with hundreds of thousands of Southwest's local Customers who prefer our all-in friendliness and value," said Kelly. "In offering access to the network of America's largest carrier [1] , we also bring Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood a bolder shade of blue, where two bags fly free for everyone, where no one pays a change fee*, with purposed policies rooted in the spirit of no surprises." *Southwest does not charge any passenger for a first or second checked bag, weight and size limitations apply, and never levies a fee simply to change travel plans, though fare differences could apply. Beginning Nov. 5, 2017, fly nonstop daily from Fort Lauderdale to Providenciales, Turks and Caicos                    for as low as              $59 one-way (This fare is offered at Southwest.com in celebration of new nonstop service for purchase today through 11:59 p.m. on June 8, 2017, Eastern Daylight Time, for travel from Nov. 5, 2017, through Jan. 7, 2018. Travel is blacked out Nov. 18, Dec. 16 and 21-22, 2017. Please see complete fare rules, terms and conditions.) Southwest is readying a multi-national celebration to unfold around the first flights Sunday, June 4 to Grand Cayman, Belize, Montego Bay, and Cancun. The carrier is partnering with Lilly Pulitzer, the Palm Beach-born resort wear brand for a fun surprise for Customers on each of the inaugural flights. "As we enter the height of summer travel season, we're all about celebrating the best days of vacation in favorite Lilly styles and we're proud to once again team up with Southwest to start the vacation before the plane even leaves the gate," said Michelle Kelly, CEO of Lilly Pulitzer. Visit swamedia.com for maps, community and service facts, and imagery of the new facility reflecting Southwest's 20-plus year investment in South Florida. The carrier's full schedule of service through Jan. 7, 2018, is available for booking at Southwest.com. [1] Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation's most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation's largest carrier as measured by the number of originating domestic passengers boarded. TERMS & CONDITIONS FOR LISTED FARE Service will be offered contingent upon requisite governmental approvals. Purchase June 1-8, 2017, 11:59 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time. Travel is valid Nov. 5, 2017, through Jan. 7, 2018. Sale fare to international destination is blacked out Nov. 18, Dec. 16 & Dec. 21-27, 2017. Fare is valid only on nonstop service from Fort Lauderdale (Miami Area) to Providenciales, Turks and Caicos. Displayed prices include all U.S. and international government taxes and fees. Rapid Rewards® Points bookings do not include taxes, fees, and other government/airport charges of at least $5.60 per one-way flight. Seats and days are limited. Fares may vary by destination, flight, and day of week and won't be available on some flights that operate during very busy travel times and holiday periods. Travel is available on one-way Wanna Get Away® fares. Fares may be combined with other Southwest Airlines combinable fares yet if combining with other fares, the most restrictive fare's rules apply. Sale fares may be available on other days of week, but that's not guaranteed. Fares are nonrefundable but may be applied toward future travel on Southwest Airlines®, as long as reservations are canceled at least ten minutes prior to scheduled departure. Failure to cancel at least ten minutes prior to departure will result in forfeiture of remaining funds on the reservation. Any change in itinerary may result in an increase in fare. Standby travel may require an upgrade to the Anytime fare depending on Tier status. Fares are subject to change until ticketed. Offer applies only to published, scheduled service. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines LUV, +0.35% continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 54,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest proudly operates a network of 101 destinations in the United States and eight additional countries with more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season. Service to both Grand Cayman and Cincinnati begins June 4, 2017; and service to Turks and Caicos begins Nov. 5, 2017, subject to requisite government approvals. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation's most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation's largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency®, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what's important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as "The Southwest Effect," a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 44 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier's performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2016 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines' low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/southwest-airlines-announces-new-caribbean-service-details-during-sneak-peek-of-new-facility-at-fort-lauderdale-hollywood-intl-airport-300467205.html SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co. Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage Elon Musk says he’s leaving White House councils as Trump quits Paris climate deal Mortgage rates slide to fresh 2017 low as inflation slips through Fed’s fingers John Bogle has a warning for index fund investors Quote References LUV +0.21 +0.35% Most Popular Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Blue Apron IPO to test Wall Street’s appetite for lazy people’s favorite tech startups Elon Musk says he’s leaving White House councils as Trump quits Paris climate deal What Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris Agreement means for your wallet Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Southwest Airlines Co. U.S.: NYSE: LUV $60.30 +0.21 (+0.35%) Volume 4.3M Open $60.18 High $60.60 Low $60.06 P/E Ratio 18.22 Div Yield 0.83 Market Cap 36.3B Southwest Airlines Co. U.S.: NYSE: LUV $60.30 +0.21 (+0.35%) Volume 4.3M Open $60.18 High $60.60 Low $60.06 P/E Ratio 18.22 Div Yield 0.83 Market Cap 36.3B
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad First a recycled rocket, now a second hand spacecraft: SpaceX attempt to launch Dragon capsule for the SECOND time delayed due to weather Falcon 9 rocket to deliver Inmarsat-5 F4, a commercial communications satellite Payload is so heavy (13,448lbs) and going into such a high orbit (22,000 miles) that the Falcon 9 rocket won't have enough propellant left to land  By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 11:39 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 17:44 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail 9 shares 19 View comments It has already sent a previously flown rocket into orbit - and now Elon Musk's SpaceX plans to do the same with a spacecraft. Liftoff is now targeted for Saturday at 5:07pm ET after today's attempt was scrubbed due to weather conditions, even though this morning the rocket was raised to vertical at Launch Complex 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida. The milestone comes just two months after the launch of its first reused rocket booster for a satellite. "This whole notion of reuse is something that's very, very important to the entire space industry," NASA's space station program manager Kirk Shireman said at a news conference Wednesday. Scroll down for video  The SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, with the Dragon spacecraft onboard, shortly after being raised vertical at Launch Complex 39A at NASAs Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida, on June 1, 2017. THE MISSION  The mission to the Earth-orbiting laboratory will be the eleventh commercial resupply services flight for SpaceX.  The payload will include important materials to support more than 250 science and research investigations taking place during Expeditions 52 and 53. When the Dragon arrives at the space station, U.S. astronauts Peggy Whitson and Jack Fischer will grapple Dragon using the station's 57-foot-long robotic arm.  Ground commands then will be sent from mission control for the station's arm to rotate and install the Dragon capsule to the station's Harmony module.   The company's 230-foot-tall Falcon 9 rocket will boost a 20-foot high, 12-foot-diameter Dragon capsule filled with supplies and experiments - which was first was sent to the International Space Station in September 2014.  SpaceX refurbished it for Thursday evening's planned launch, providing a new heat shield and fresh parachutes for re-entry at mission's end.  There were so many X-rays and inspections that savings, if any, were minimal this time, said Hans Koenigsmann, vice president of flight reliability for SpaceX. The vast majority of this Dragon has already been to space, including the hull, thrusters and tanks.  Koenigsmann told reporters more and more reused capsules will carry cargo to the space station, each possibly flying three times. Dragon capsules are being developed to carry astronauts to the space station as early as next year; it's too soon to say whether those, too, will be recycled, he said.  The mission to the Earth-orbiting laboratory will be the eleventh commercial resupply services flight for SpaceX.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Ripples in space time caused by the collision of two black... Stephen Hawking and Mark Zuckerberg enlist Britain's top... Is Kodi crumbling? Three more add-ons shut down on the... US Army to test its ROBOTIC convoy: Self-driving military... Share this article Share The Dragon capsule to be blasted off first flew in September 2014, and it delivered nearly 2.5 tons of cargo to the orbiting ISS laboratory The payload will include important materials to support more than 250 science and research investigations taking place during Expeditions 52 and 53. When the Dragon arrives at the space station, U.S. astronauts Peggy Whitson and Jack Fischer will grapple Dragon using the station's 57-foot-long robotic arm.  Ground commands then will be sent from mission control for the station's arm to rotate and install the Dragon capsule to the station's Harmony module. The vast majority of this Dragon has already been to space, including the hull, thrusters and tanks. In September 2014, and it delivered nearly 2.5 tons of cargo to the orbiting laboratory.  The Dragon returned to Earth about a month later, splashing down into the ocean. In a presentation at the International Symposium for Personal and Commercial Spaceflightlast year, Benjamin Reed, director of commercial crew mission management at SpaceX, revealed the mission.  'We will be reflying our first Dragon capsule on CRS-11,' he said, using the company's designation for that cargo mission, known as SpX-11 by NASA. The payload will include important materials to support more than 250 science and research investigations taking place during Expeditions 52 and 53.. Pictured, a Dragon capsule being mated to the tope of a rocket ready for launch SPACEX'S DRAGON V2  SpaceX hopes to soon end production of the cargo Dragon spacecraft to focus on a next-generation version of the Dragon being developed for commercial crew missions.  Those CRS-2 Dragon missions will use 'propulsive' landings, where the capsule lands on a landing pad using its SuperDraco thrusters rather than splashing down in the ocean.  That will allow NASA faster access to the cargo returned by those spacecraft, and also build up experience for propulsive landings of crewed Dragon spacecraft.   While SpaceX designed Dragon to be reusable, the company's CRS contract with NASA required the use of a new Dragon spacecraft for each cargo mission.  According to SpaceNews, Reed said SpaceX has been working with NASA to demonstrate that the spacecraft can be safely reused for additional cargo flights. This will be the 100th launch, and sixth SpaceX launch, from this pad. Previous launches include 11 Apollo flights, the launch of the unmanned Skylab in 1973, 82 shuttle flights and five SpaceX launches. 'It's a great example of the partnership we have with NASA,' he said of that effort to win approval for the reuse of Dragon spacecraft.  'We've carefully gone through a process of proving that you can reuse various components all the way up to a whole system, and how you certify that.' OTHER REUSABLE SPACECRAFT  Orbiters Columbia, Challenger, Discovery, Atlantis, and Endeavour (Pictured), flew dozens of missions In almost six decades of spaceflight, only a handful of spacecraft have been blasted into orbit multiple times.  The Space Shuttles are the most famous, and orbiters Columbia, Challenger, Discovery, Atlantis, and Endeavour, flew dozens of missions. According to Ars, only two other kinds of spacecraft, besides the space shuttle, have flown more than one time into orbit: The X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle taxis on the flightline at the Astrotech facility in Titusville, Florida, USA. X-37B: The US Air Force has two of these autonomous, orbital test vehicles built by Boeing.  Each of these spacecraft has made two flights, the second of which recently returned to Earth after a record 718 days in space.  This mini space shuttle launches on an expendable Atlas V rocket and lands on a runway. Soviet VA spacecraft: First developed to fly cosmonauts around the Moon, the VA capsule flew an uncrewed test flight in Earth orbit for 30 days in 1977. Less than a year later it was launched again, but this test flight made just one orbit around the Earth, according to CollectSPACE. A single Gemini spacecraft—which was an orbital class vehicle—did make two suborbital flights.   The biggest challenge to reuse, he said, was stopping saltwater from getting inside the capsule after it splashes down.  'We've been working hard to update the capsule, to ensure that you don't have to worry about the seawater issue,' he said. SpaceX plans to reuse Dragon spacecraft through the remainder of its current CRS contract, which runs through SpX-20.  He did not discuss how many Dragon spacecraft are available to be reused, or how many times SpaceX believes a Dragon capsule can be flown.  SpaceX hopes to be able to end production of the cargo Dragon spacecraft.  'We'll be reflying Dragons going forward, and be able to close down the Dragon 1 line and move all the way into Dragon 2,' he said, referring to the next-generation version of the Dragon being developed for commercial crew missions.  Earlier this month SpaceX completed a record breaking launch. Those CRS-2 Dragon missions will use 'propulsive' landings, where the capsule lands on a landing pad using its SuperDraco thrusters rather than splashing down in the ocean.  That will allow NASA faster access to the cargo returned by those spacecraft, and also build up experience for propulsive landings of crewed Dragon spacecraft. 'That's a perfect step in the pathway to crew,' he said.  'We'll get very comfortable with doing propulsive landings with cargo first, and then with crew.' Earlier this month  SpaceX completed a record breaking launch. THE KENNEDY LAUNCH PADS This July 16, 1969 shows the huge, 363-foot tall Apollo 11 Spacecraft 107/Lunar Module S/Saturn 506) space vehicle launched from Pad A, Launch Complex 39. Since the late 1960s, Pads A and B at Kennedy Space Center's Launch Complex 39 have served as backdrops for America's most significant manned space flight endeavors - Apollo, Skylab, Apollo-Soyuz and space shuttle. Located on Merritt Island, Fla., just north of Cape Canaveral, the pads were originally built for the huge Apollo/Saturn V rockets that launched American astronauts on their historic journeys to the moon and back.  Following the joint U.S.-Soviet Apollo-Soyuz Test Project mission of July 1975, the pads were modified to support space shuttle operations.  Both pads were designed to support the concept of mobile launch operations, in which space vehicles are checked out and assembled in the protected environment of the Orbiter Processing Facility and the Vehicle Assembly Building, then transported by large, tracked crawlers to the launch pad for final processing and launch. During the Apollo era, key pad service structures were mobile.  For the space shuttle, two permanent service towers were installed at each pad for the first time, the fixed service structure and the rotating service structure. On April 12, 1981, shuttle operations commenced at Pad A with the launch of Columbia on STS-1.  After 23 more successful launches from A, the first space shuttle to lift off from Pad B was the ill-fated Challenger in January 1986.  Pad B was designated for the resumption of shuttle flights in September 1988, followed by the reactivation of Pad A in January 1990. The space shuttle Atlantis lifts off from the Kennedy Space Center Friday, July 8, 2011, in Cape Canaveral, Fla. Atlantis was the 135th and final space shuttle launch for NASA.   Elon Musk's space firm launched its Falcon 9 rocket to deliver Inmarsat-5 F4, a commercial communications satellite in iots first launch for the company. The payload was so heavy (13,448lbs) and going into such a high orbit (22,000 miles) that the Falcon 9 rocket didn't have enough propellant left to land, SpaceX said before the flawless launch.   'All systems and weather are go,' it said at 6:35pm.  The satellite was deployed approximately 32 minutes after launch when it will come under the command of the Boeing and Inmarsat satellite operations teams based at the Boeing facility in El Segundo. 'From here I-5 F4 will be manoeuvred to its geostationary orbit, 35,786km (22,236 miles) above Earth, where it will deploy its solar arrays and reflectors and undergo intensive payload testing before beginning commercial service,' Inmarsat said.  Read more: SpaceX to reuse Dragon capsules on cargo missions - SpaceNews.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 9 shares Most watched News videos Beefeater tells woman off for throwing glove at Royal Guard Three dead after two bounty hunters shoot up Nissan dealership Trump announces U.S. will officially withdraw from Paris accord Catching a Killer: Documentary shows search for mother's killer Reports indicate Trump pulling US out of Paris climate deal Road rage pair kung-fu fight in middle of traffic jam in Malaga Dani Mathers apologizes for body shaming naked 70-year-old woman Jeremy Corbyn refuses to say if immigration would fall with him as PM Dramatic footage of rare mini TSUNAMI hitting Dutch beach resort Election 2017: The highlights from the BBC leaders' debate Timeline: Events that led to Tiger Woods' arrest suspicion of DUI Zookeeper mauled by a tiger talks about protecting the species 'I represent the people of Pittsburgh NOT Paris': Trump... At least 37 killed in Manila casino horror as they... 'You can take it to the bank he's going to withdraw':... Running tracks, 'pause areas' and a rooftop 'meadow':... 'He is a soldier and deserves to be treated with... We let our mother down... we couldn't protect her, say... Manchester bomber’s youngest victim Saffie Roussos'... Plumes of smoke are seen towering above the Vatican after... David Beckham, Gary Lineker and Ant and Dec lose their... 'F*** you England!’: Mother, 22, 'gets death threats'... Man who tied a noose around his wife's neck and dragged... Mother, 22, was left with two black eyes and a swollen... Graphic video captures the moment two bounty hunters and... Trump’s armada finally arrives! Two giant US aircraft... Feminist group strips naked and forms a pile of bodies... Megyn Kelly makes NBC debut: New host appears on 'Today'... Jared WAS in the White House when Trump announced the... Model hired as a human sushi platter slaps male customer... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 19 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a... Ripples in space time caused by the collision of two black holes are detected for a THIRD time: Discovery... Antarctic ice shelf crack is 'very close' to calving off and creating one of the biggest icebergs ever... Is the universe too hot for aliens to make contact? Scientists claim they are hibernating and waiting for it... Cyborg dragonfly spy takes to the sky: Researcher show off modified 'surveillance insect' The all-seeing self driving car: Intel CEO says technology will double as a network of security cameras The mystery of the 'teen witch' with bone cancer buried face down in a Panama trash heap in 1300 AD Hundreds of giant 12,000 year-old craters caused by methane blow-outs found on the Arctic sea floor (and... Facebook to take on Snapchat with new 'Talk' messaging app aimed at teens Disney CEO Robert Iger joins Elon Musk in resigning from the President's Council over his withdrawal from... 'I represent the people of Pittsburgh NOT Paris': Trump pulls U.S. out of climate accord saying it is a... Weather forecasts are getting better (but still get it wrong 20% of the time) The app economy: Apple reveals it has paid over $70 BILLION to developers  The biggest plane EVER built: Microsoft billionaire unveils huge 'Stratolaunch' aircraft with two cockpits... Earth is on the brink of a sixth mass extinction putting animals at 'unprecedented' extinction risk in the... MORE HEADLINES Is Kodi crumbling? Three more add-ons shut down on the streaming software after legal threats from anti-piracy groups Disney CEO Robert Iger joins Elon Musk in resigning from the President's Council over his withdrawal from the Paris Accord  World's most powerful X-ray laser creates a 'mini black hole' in the lab in a breakthrough that could lead to the development of new drugs Antarctic ice shelf crack is 'very close' to calving off and creating one of the biggest icebergs ever recorded What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a giant hole Is the universe too hot for aliens to make contact? Scientists claim they are hibernating and waiting for it to cool down before they get in touch  Walmart to take on Amazon by asking staff to deliver online orders on their way home from work Have you been hacked? Password manager OneLogin is hit by a major breach and warns data has been compromised The mystery of the 'teen witch' with bone cancer buried face down in a Panama trash heap in 1300 AD Century-old Japanese martial arts book reveals the moves women can use to fight off male attackers Ripples in space time caused by the collision of two black holes are detected for a THIRD time: Discovery opens a new window on our universe The mystery of the blinking spots on the moon: NASA says FROST may cause strange reflections Hyperloop inches closer to reality: Full-scale test centre for Elon Musk's 760mph futuristic tubes opens in the Netherlands Reading with your child 'turbocharges' their brain: Storytime boosts their memory and problem-solving skills Words With Friends app adds President Trump's 'covfefe' to its dictionary MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'She started three families with three different people and f***** everyone over!' Kim Kardashian slams Caitlyn Jenner's book for 'scapegoating' Kris Renee Zellweger wows in LBD as she's honored at Greenwich International Film Festival gala Oscar-winning actress was a showstopper Well she is Beyonce's mom! Tina Knowles, 63, shows off her fit figure in skintight Ivy Park workout gear Tight clothing showed off her flawless curves Diva moment! Bethenny Frankel gestures wildly in frustration on set of her new reality show in NYC She's known for her emotional outbursts She's at it again! Edgy Kelly Osbourne debuts shimmery Mohawk braid hairstyle at Daytime Divas premiere Controversial figure when it comes to style So in love! Zoe Saldana looks chic as she cuddles up to husband Marco Perego at benefit for the Navy SEAL Foundation Adorable couple Nailed it! Karrueche Tran and Christina Milian look smoking hot for the Hollywood premiere of Claws The Claws were out in Hollywood on Thursday Leggy look! Keri Russell dons sexy black leather mini skirt as she joins Matthew Rhys at Americans LA event Keri went bare-legged in high-heeled pumps Kathy Griffin claims she has been bullied by the Trump family as she prepares to hold a press conference to explain why she did THAT photo shoot Khloe Kardashian puts her derriere on full display in skintight blue denim as she runs errands in Beverly Hills Added a burgundy tank top and gold flip flops Scarlet fever! Gigi Hadid rocks red dipped hair in powerful new Versace ad campaign New campaign features a host of other stars, including Taylor Hill, 21 Pierce Brosnan and wife of 16 years Keely Shaye Smith look tanned and relaxed as they jet out of LAX after romantic holiday in Hawaii Not impressed? Hailey Baldwin looks underwhelmed as she leaves posh Beverly Hills hotel in biker jacket Looked chic in a pair of dark blue jeans Kesha shows her country side in a denim shirt and red bandana as she jets out of LAX with boyfriend Brad Couple of more than three years Ashley Graham exposes cleavage and a flash of her waist while grabbing lunch in olive green off-the-shoulder ensemble in Los Angeles 'Love has no barriers': Celine Dion leads celebrities including Britney Spears and Selena Gomez in penning Pride letters 30 Days Of Pride She's got some front! Mariah Carey flashes cleavage as she dons thigh-skimming bodycon dress and black crop top for meeting in Beverly Hills 'Never even heard of her': Rob Kardashian denies dating reality star Mehgan James following Blac Chyna split Rumors are not true 'Follow Gregg cuz he doesn't post': Bella Thorne urges fans to check out her rekindled boyfriend Sulkin on Snapchat She was grilling him Keeping it casual: Ariel Winter, 19, dons baggy gray sweatpants and dark t-shirt for stroll with beau Levi Meaden, 29 Spotted out together Hold my hand mommy! Kourtney Kardashian steps out with Penelope for a day of shopping in Beverly Hills  The mother-of-three was spotted at the valet stand Mellow yellow! Anne Hathaway looks slim in a vibrant top while out in New York City Looked summery in a pair of ankle-length white jeans Making sweet music together: Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton head to a recording studio together in LA Looks like they are working on new music Star walks! Slim Natalie Portman looks full of spring cheer as she goes for a stroll with baby daughter in LA Blissful stroll with her daughter Melissa McCarthy dons chic checkered shawl as she enjoys Disneyland with her husband and daughters Spending time at the happiest place on Earth Peek-a-boo! Vanessa Hudgens appears shy as she dons demure athletic attire on outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Fitness fanatic 'It's actually pretty scary': Danay Garcia discusses fate of her character Luciana on Fear The Walking Dead She doesn't know if she'll be killed off No one's looking at your mouth! Kylie Jenner poses in black bra and undies while sprawled out on a white bed to promote new Lip Kit She stripped off NSFW: Playboy vet Kendra Wilkinson lets a Las Vegas dancer climb on her during male revue show... even though she's married with kids Back in her skinny jeans! Make-up free Irina Shayk shows off her slim figure as she steps out with baby Lea after jetting back from Cannes Hilary Swank cozies up to boyfriend Philip Schneider as she joins Robert Downey Jr and wife Susan at Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail's wedding Footsore? Brooke Shields ditches heels for flip flops as she shops till she drops in NYC The actress, who turned 52 on Wednesday, was laden down with bags Such a tease! Shanina Shaik stuns in a skimpy leopard bikini at the beach as she cheekily reminds Australian fans 'my summer begins next week' From Paris with love! Sofia Richie and bestie Chloe Bartoli lunch in New York after their saucy trip to Cannes with Scott Disick Grabbing a bite to eat Tat's the spirit! Malin Ackerman reveals her hip back tattoo while lunching in flirty halter top Between her toned shoulder blades Heidi Klum, 43, hits the beach with shirtless beau Vito Schnabel, 30, in Mykonos... after revealing she has 'no problem with nudity' She recently posed nude Priyanka Chopra looks chic in lace ensemble at Baywatch interview... after 'hitting back' over being accused of 'disrespecting' Indian PM by wearing dress Trump's ex-wife Marla Maples is spotted cozying up to a mystery man on day out playing softball in Central Park after spiritual getaway with daughter Tiffany Top of the crops! Iggy Azalea flashes her midriff as she signs autographs and poses with fans at LAX airport  Broke into a wide smile when greeted by fans Joining the rebellion! Wilson greeted at court by placard-waving supporters as defamation suit against Woman's Day continues  Warm welcome Who's your papa? Fabio to star as the Pope in Sharknado 5 as list of celebrity cameos are revealed Romance novel model will play the pontiff Showing it off at the beach! Joanna Krupa's nipple peeks through her shredded white top as she splashes around in Malibu Showing off her body Vlad to see you: Megyn Kelly dons off-the-shoulder velvet dress with a slit and massive platform shoes to chat with a transfixed President Putin  'What would you do?' Khloe Kardashian cryptically asks followers for advice about an unnamed 'friend' who is 'stealing' from the reality starlet Calling on Saul? Tough guy fixer Mike seems ready to work for Gus in new Better Call Saul trailer... as sleazy lawyer's money woes worsen Smooth landing! Fresh-faced Margot Robbie is spotted arriving at LAX airport after jetting in from London Flawless Taking a chance on her! Amanda Seyfried set to reprise role in Mamma Mia! sequel due out in 2018 Almost a decade since original film hit theaters What happened to her nose? Khloe Kardashian shows off much bigger snout as she poses without the contouring makeup she relies on Also didn't use filters Jared and Ivanka head to shul before SKIPPING Rose Garden ceremony as President Trump withdraws from Paris Accord despite his daughter's protests PICTURED: Blushing bride Emmy Rossum stuns in custom Carolina Herrera gown as she marries Sam Esmail in New York Beamed a huge smile  Caitlyn Jenner keeps it comfortable in blue long-sleeved top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Malibu Went on her regular Starbucks coffee run Penelope gives us the plain truth: Actress says she not that glamorous as she talks about Murder On The Orient Express  New movie Kathy Griffin loses MORE gigs after the Trump 'severed head' picture: Five venues have canceled shows in the wake of the shocking photo shoot Doesn't he know how to drive? Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban is again chauffeured to his favorite Hollywood hot spot Sun's out, guns out! Wonder Woman star Chris Pine flaunts his buff biceps in Miami Vice tank top as he grabs an iced coffee in NYC Ivanka Trump's daughter Arabella wears a dress by John Galliano on Jewish holiday - and the frock even features the anti-Semitic designer's signature Blooming beautiful! Transgender model Andreja Pejic dons floral blouse for summer stroll around New York Looked every bit the New Yorker Julia Roberts' upcoming TV series Today Will Be Different picked up by HBO It will be the first ever TV show for Roberts, who is also executive producer Tatt's nice! Male supermodel Jordan Barrett gets inked in Barcelona after hanging out with Lara Stone and Bella Hadid in Cannes European vacation Split! Workaholics actor Blake Anderson and wife Rachael Finley are set to divorce after five years of marriage and one child named Mars Her own best ad! Reese Witherspoon steps out toting a $165 straw purse from her line Draper James Wore tortoiseshell cat-eye sunglasses Checkmate! Rachel Weisz shows off her fashion prowess as she steps out in summery gingham shirt dress in New York Leaving the Today show Marilyn Monroe's Los Angeles home, where the Some Like It Hot actress overdosed in 1962, sells over the $6.9m asking price for $7.25m 'I am CRYING': Hamilton creator Lin-Manuel Miranda pays tribute to wife Vanessa with a 'V' tattoo on his ring finger - and spark social media meltdown We let our mother down... we couldn't protect her, say William and Harry: Princes make emotional admission in interview about Diana's death EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Game, set, match! Tennis ace Caroline Wozniacki enjoys a romantic day off from the French Open with NBA beau David Lee  She's her own best advertisement! Kendall Jenner puts on leggy display in off-the-shoulder romper over bodysuit from her clothing range  Brad Pitt is spotted treating the late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell's children to hot chocolate at Universal Studios Hollywood EXCLUSIVE: Walmart insurer demands Tracy Morgan turn over medical records and income statements and testify over '$90 million' car crash settlement  Drug, girls and shepherd's pie! As the Rolling Stones, combined age of 292, go on tour AGAIN, we reveal the untold stories from 55 years on the road Sports writer who called Rihanna 'fat' and said her size was 'tough to stomach' is SUSPENDED from his job and reacts by slamming boss with vulgar tweet A clear winner! As Rihanna dons transparent shoes, FEMAIL rounds up the see-through pumps that will replace last year's flesh-tone sandals Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's Beverly Hills home being sold for $18M as personal belongings including movie memorabilia and  furniture goes to auction Major multi-tasking! Zoe Saldana pulls a Gisele Bundchen by sharing photo where she's getting glammed while holding baby and cell phone What will Gregg say! Bella Thorne goes TOPLESS on Snapchat before deleting raunchy video... after reuniting with ex Sulkin following Scott Disick 'humiliation' Step into summer! FEMAIL rounds up 24 chic espadrilles for YOU to shop to follow in the footsteps of Jennifer Aniston and Alessandra Ambrosio EXCLUSIVE: Tiger Woods' ex-wife Elin Nordegren pulled over by Florida police for speeding - only 11 miles from where golfer was arrested for DUI 'Normal is boring': Christina El Moussa's daughter Taylor wears statement shirt... after months of family drama between mom and dad Caught up in a divorce Beverly Hills, 90210 co-stars Tori Spelling and Ian Ziering reunite for the launch of his wife's mommy blog Looked very happy to see each other Twelve-year-old girl blows away the America's Got Talent judges with her incredible ventriloquism act that saw her singing with her mouth CLOSED PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn are seen together for first time as pop superstar boards private jet with her little known actor beau  Baby on the way? Cristiano Ronaldo steps out with girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez in Corsica... after soccer stud's mom dismisses pregnancy rumors Nordic clans unite! Monarchs join the President of Finland for a gala dinner to celebrate 100 years of the country's independence Top of the world! Julianne Moore, 56, is youthful in red-and-white dress at Empire State Building in NYC as she speaks out about gun safety Twice as nice! Cat Deeley stuns in a ladylike white frock for interview in New York City... before emerging in gray slip and suede jacket Selena Gomez is 'head-over-heels in love' with beau The Weeknd and this relationship is 'very different' from the one she had with Justin Bieber 'I was moved by what a decent person Brad Pitt was': Meg Tilly, 57, talks 'generous' War Machine co-star as she returns to acting after 18 YEAR break 'A baguette dripping in cheese, some fries, a glass of wine': Health guru Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her daily diet and insists she never exercises on vacation It took 21 YEARS to bring Wonder Woman to the big screen - and at least 10 women including Beyoncé, a wrestler and a Bond girl were linked to the part 'It's a comedian's job to cross the line': Jim Carrey comes to Kathy Griffin's defense after bloody Trump head photo causes outrage Mask star speaks out  'Brand-new experience': will.i.am reveals Fergie is leaving The Black Eyed Peas and that Nicole Scherzinger is on band's forthcoming venture 'I would have been a lousy father!' Steve Martin, 71, reveals why it is important he became a dad later in life Hollywood star had his first child four years ago Heidi Montag says Lauren Conrad has NOT reached out to her even though they are both pregnant at same time... but Audrina and Kristin have Megyn Kelly makes Today debut reporting from Russia and confirms she will be interviewing Putin - but does not acknowledge co-host Hoda Kotb Did Pippa have a wedding smile-over? Dentists believe she had 'gold standard aligning, bleaching and bonding' ahead of her big day (just like big sister Kate) No heartache here! The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell beams at LA airport after revealing she has NOT returned diamond engagement ring to Ben Higgins Rod Stewart's wife Penny Lancaster, 46, shows off her model figure as she walks hand in hand with the rocker, 72, and son Aiden in St Tropez Salma Hayek stuns in a simple black dress with sheer detailing as she cozies up to husband François-Henri Pinault at Beatriz At Dinner screening in London Bristol Palin proudly shares a photo of newborn baby girl Atlee Bay showing off her 'first real smile' while being held by doting grandfather Todd Thrill ride! Moustachioed Johnny Depp appears alongside Daisy Ridley in suspense packed trailer for Murder On The Orient Express Johnny Depp 'had no idea his managers used his assets to take out $40m in loans to cover up mishandling money' Explosive allegations about star's finances Prince Harry's former flame Chelsy Davy says launching a jewelry line brought out her 'inner geek' as she models her own designs in a stunning photoshoot  'Kiss for Daddy': David Beckham enjoys quality time with children Harper and Brooklyn on African holiday His wife Victoria sadly missed out on the fun Making a splash! Kelly Ripa dons paper crown and patterned midi as she and Ryan Seacrest spray hoses in Live gag Spotted outside ABC studio in NYC Chris Cornell's widow says they are waiting for toxicology results to clear up questions about his suicide and believes prescription drugs made him want to self-harm  'First time and the last time we were together': Chris Cornell's brother Peter breaks his silence on the rocker's death by posting touching tribute Went on Facebook  'I am not going to be body shamed for being pale or not stick thin!': Ireland Baldwin fires back at haters after sharing lingerie photos Upset by comments  Kylie Jenner superfan, 19, gets his EIGHTH tattoo inspired by the star, and reveals his Kylie-covered bedroom in a documentary about his obsession On the mend? Gwyneth Paltrow tries to get back in her stride despite her injured foot still requiring a medical boot  Did her best not to limp as she did errands  'I asked her some dumb questions': Elisabeth Moss reveals she exhausted author of The Handmaid's Tale for information about her role on shocking drama Who needs down time? Athletic newlyweds Pippa and James squeeze in a jog around Sydney Opera House on their action-packed honeymoon  Come and get it while it's hot! Ali Larter shines as she feasts on fancy fried chicken at Beverly Hills restaurant The 41-year-old could not hide her happiness  Obamas buy 8,200-square-foot mansion they were renting in exclusive Kalorama neighborhood of Washington, DC, for $8.1million Fab in florals! Isla Fisher is radiant in springtime ensemble as she joins Denis Leary and John Hodgman on a panel at BookExpo 2017 in New York Sorry for flooding your feed! Justin Bieber posts 24 photos on Instagram within an hour... including THAT photo of him fighting man twice his size Ahoy, matey! Supermodel Karlie Kloss shoots a cover girl look while walking in NYC with snazzy sailor-inspired slacks Flashing her smile  'I can't censor myself': Photographer Tyler Shields stands by severed head picture despite Kathy Griffin losing CNN job and says he would do it again Pretty in prints! Vanessa Hudgens is a happy shopper in cute maxi dress alongside boyfriend of six years Austin Butler Spotted at Whole Foods  'Dungeon and torture chamber': Bethenny Frankel bursts into tears twice on RHONY under stress from ex Lost it twice during Wednesday's episode Nicole Kidman, 49, says she's 'thrilled' to be playing the MOTHER of Jason Momoa, 37, in Aquaman even though she's only 12 years older than him Annabelle Wallis is the picture of class in billowing floral maxi dress as she promotes The Mummy with co-star Sofia Boutella at the AOL Build Series Fun in the sun! FEMAIL reveals how to accessorize your swimsuit like Kourtney Kardashian, Kendall Jenner and Alessandra Ambrosio Heavenly! Victoria's Secret model Romee Strijd gives a peek at toned stomach in tie-up shirt over crop top on New York stroll with beau All of me! Naked Chrissy Teigen guards her modesty as she shows off her fresh spray tan on Snapchat She stripped off on social media Sweet charity! Jerry and Jessica Seinfeld take the kids to a philanthropic party in New York's Central Park Stepped out for a good cause on Wednesday Marcus Welby, MD nurse Elena Verdugo dies at age 92 after a long Hollywood career that included starring in House Of Frankenstein Starred in show 7 years Children who survived the Manchester terror attack will sing alongside Ariana Grande at star-studded benefit concert on Sunday Salma Hayek shows off her toned arms in a dark midi dress with unusual cut-out shoulder panels at the Sundance Film Festival: London From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Have you been hacked? Password manager OneLogin is hit by a major breach and warns data has been compromised 55 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Discover What the World Thinks of U.S. Home Our Team Volunteers Wanted Foreign News Sources Archives About About Us In the Media Donate Words and Deeds By no means will all of the words Donald Trump uttered during his couple of days in the Middle East come true, but all of the arms contracts are certain to be fulfilled. Israel Russia Saudi Arabia Trump foreign policy US arms sales US-Middle East relations Published in Izvestia (Russia) on 24 May 2017 by Viktor Litovkin [link to original] Translated from Russian by Jeffrey Fredrich. Edited by Elizabeth Cosgriff. Posted on June 1, 2017. Donald Trump’s first overseas visit to his most loyal allies in the Middle East – Saudi Arabia and Israel – was accompanied by an unprecedented promotional campaign. Western journalists, mostly from the U.S., touted as if on demand the results of the meetings of the head of the American administration with the Saudi king and the Israeli prime minister. “Trump Creating Arab NATO,” “‘Iran Will Never Have Nukes’ Says Trump,” “Trump Vows to Reconcile Israel and Palestine,” “Trump Signs Historic Arms Deal” ... These are just some of the headlines that have graced the front pages of foreign newspapers. In actuality, not everything is as clear-cut as the West’s gossip about it. For starters, Trump hasn’t created and won’t be able to create any “Arab NATO.” The conflicts in the Arab world, even among the closest Middle Eastern neighbors that profess Sunni Islam, are too intense and intractable. That includes the conflicts among the four countries at the core of the would-be alliance – Egypt, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and Saudi Arabia – concerning Israel, for example, or the development of democracy. Though it’s a stretch, it’s possible to call Egypt and Jordan secular states, but even with the greatest of imaginations it’s quite impossible to place Saudi Arabia among such countries, especially given its anti-democratic laws and its barbaric customs of public executions and stoning women. Even putting the Global Center for Combating Extremist Ideology in Riyadh looks like a mockery of common sense. It’s like putting a fox in charge of the hen house. Promising that Iran won’t have nuclear weapons is like breaking through an open door. Tehran renounced them by signing the applicable documents with the International Atomic Energy Agency and the six negotiators, which included the U.S. If Trump doesn’t like the deal and destroys it, he would in fact push Iran to resume its work enriching uranium to weapons-grade. The Senate and Congress would hardly allow him to do so. And as far as “peace between Israel and Palestine” is concerned … Does the new American president’s administration know, for example, how to stop the settlement practice in Tel Aviv, which builds homes for its own people in occupied Palestinian territories? And that’s one of the main obstacles to peace in the Holy Land. However, the multibillion-dollar arms deal between the U.S. and Saudi Arabia that was signed during Trump’s visit to the country can certainly be credited to the new American president. But even here not everything is clear-cut, if only because at present there aren't any contracts as such. Only protocols of intentions were signed. But that’s nothing to sneeze at. Trump, who promised in his campaign speeches to create new jobs in America and provide American arms firms and their specialists with new high-tech orders, is steadfastly keeping his word. And here Riyadh is a most reliable assistant. The foreign press is reporting that in the coming years, the Saudis will get four warships from Lockheed Martin, 150 S-70 Blackhawk helicopters, 40 CH-47 helicopters, 115 M1A2 Abrams tanks, the THAAD and Patriot anti-missile systems, systems for conducting cyber operations … The assembly of some types of weapons may be carried out in factories in Saudi Arabia. Why the U.S. wanted the deal is clear. Besides providing its leading arms giants like Boeing, Lockheed Martin, General Motors, and others with multibillion-dollar orders, there’s also the goal of arming its ally to the teeth to oppose insubordinate Shiite Iran and Syria with its pig-headed Bashar Assad. But why the Saudis want so many weapons – they promised Trump additional contracts over the next 10 years worth $350 billion – is the question. Their small-in-number (75,000 “bayonets” for a population of 26 million) and poorly-fighting (in three years it hasn’t been able to get the better of Yemen’s Houthi tribes) army is already up to its ears in the most modern of military equipment. Its arms inventory is perhaps the most powerful in the Middle East, with the exception of Israel. What more could they want? But then for the Saudis, buying new American weapons is, on the one hand, like getting the latest supercar model – a Lamborghini, for example – covered in gold and diamonds (it’s not very convenient to drive, but for prestige and showing off, it’s just the thing). And on the other hand, it’s simply an ordinary bribe for its closest and most powerful ally. Washington and its press can have grievances against any other country in the Arab world (and not just the Arab world) regarding the quality of the democracy functioning in the state, but not against Saudi Arabia, where, for example, to this day a woman is a second-class citizen. Is it really possible to think ill of a regime that can provide you with the cheapest oil and arrange, if for some reason you need it, an “oil default,” while at the same time placing such generous orders for weapons? Of course not. And Trump isn’t the least embarrassed that Saudi Arabia isn’t very fond, to put it mildly, of his beloved Israel. And Israel isn’t embarrassed that the U.S. president made his visit to Jerusalem right after visiting Saudi Arabia. Any other national, if he were to fly to Ben Gurion International Airport with a stamp in his passport from a visit to Riyadh, might be unceremoniously barred from Israel, but Trump was met there with open arms. And not just because he promised peace between Tel Aviv and Ramallah (although Palestinians consider east Jerusalem their capital, for the time being it’s Ramallah). Besides promises of peace, the U.S. president also brought new arms deals to Israel – to be more precise, loan guarantees to buy American military hardware. It’s made available to the country, as well as to Egypt, to the tune of between $2 billion and $4 billion a year. This time, Trump brought Tel Aviv a confirmation that its purchases of the fifth-generation F-35 fighter jet would continue. None of Israel’s neighbors have such jets, nor will they in the near future. By no means will all of the words Trump uttered during his couple of days in the Middle East come true, but all of the arms contracts are certain to be fulfilled. He will carry through on his promises to his country without fail. Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Search Connect with us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @watchingamerica RSS Feed SUBSCRIBE TO OUR RSS FEED Mailing List Would you like to subscribe to our mailing list? Enter your email address: Supported by for an America at peace with the world and itself. Keep us free of intrusive advertising. Make a once a year-donation to Watching America here: Supported by Ending Left vs. Right. THE MODERATE VOICE CLICK HERE for... ... A moderate independent's take on news, events and culture - by veteran journalist Joe Gandelman with writers from around the world. For those who believe that divergent ideas do not cause brain cancer With an extensive categorized blogroll! Contact Us info@watchingamerica.com Watching America Disclaimer About Us Archives Volunteer Area Log in Register Custom programming solutions by Kyle Moore. (Credits)
Home About Contact Membership Store Donate USA Canada Latin America Africa Middle East Europe Russia Asia Oceania Notre site en Français: mondialisation.ca Italiano Deutsch Português srpski العربية Globalizacion | Asia-Pacific Research Global Research grtv youtube twitter facebook rss US Nato War Economy Civil Rights Environment Poverty Media Justice 9/11 War Crimes Militarization History Science The Military-Industrial Complex is in Love with Trump By Steven MacMillan Global Research, June 01, 2017 New Eastern Outlook Region: Middle East & North Africa, USA Theme: Militarization and WMD, US NATO War Agenda Trump’s first trip to a foreign country as US President was anything but dull. During his time in Saudi Arabia, there was sword dancing, glowing orb madness and a whole other host of strange behaviour. In between all of this weirdness however, there was one thing that was entirely orthodox for a US President to do when in Arabia: agree to arm the Saudis to the teeth. The US and Saudi Arabia sealed the largest arms deal in US history during Trump’s visit, a deal worth approximately $350 billion over the next decade, although Senator Rand Paul is expected to try and block a portion of the deal. Trump’s slimeball son-in-law, Jared Kushner, was heavily involved in the negotiations, reportedly helping to get the Saudis a better deal. This agreement once again reveals that Trump will serve the military-industrial complex well during his reign in office, as the share price of the giant war contractors soared after news of the deal broke. In the words of the former US congressman and host of the Liberty Report, Ron Paul, the military-industrial complex was the special interest that gained the most from Trump’s Saudi visit: “This trip I would consider not a diplomatic trip. This was well-staged to serve a few special interests; and I would say the most powerful special interest that the President has kowtowed to would be the military-industrial complex. It’s up to 350 billion dollars over the next 10 years and who knows what, and Trump is just excited about this” (from 3:55 into the show).  The US-Saudi arms deal comes a month and a half after Trump launched 59 Raytheon-made Tomahawk cruise missiles at a military base controlled by the Syrian government, one of the main powers fighting against ISIS and associated ‘moderate rebels.’ The illegal military action led to an immediate surge in the value of Raytheon shares, as well as in the stocks of other war contractors whose technology was also used in the missile launch. Since Trump’s inauguration on the 20th of January, the former real estate mogul has clearly shown a prominent militaristic side, a side which elates the military-industrial complex. In fact, some of the giants of the military-industrial complex contributed to Trump’s record-breaking inaugural fund, with both Boeing and Lockheed Martin donating $1 million each, according to a US filing. Trump’s first prosed budget – for the fiscal year that begins on the 1st of October – is yet more confirmation that we can expect a continuation of the perennial wars under the ‘anti-interventionist’ commander-in-chief. The budget includes a 10% increase for the Pentagon (yes, the same Pentagon that couldn’t account for $6.5 trillion during the 2015 fiscal year), which will put the national security budget at over $600 billion if it is approved. Tomahawk cruise missile (Source: Medium) To put that in perspective, Russia’s defence budget has been well under $100 billion for years, with the 2017 budget slashing defence spending to around $50 billion. Trump’s proposed budget also includes 100 Tomahawk cruise missiles from Raytheon, helping to replenish the ones used to strike a sovereign country that is at the forefront of the real war on terrorism. As I warned in an article published all the way back in August 2016, the idea peddled by Trump’s zealot supporters during the election campaign that Trump was somehow an anti-war, anti-interventionist candidate, was, and still is, total nonsense. Trump will continue the long tradition of US Presidents who pursued policies that enriched the military-industrial complex at the expense of an infinite number of human lives. Dwight D. Eisenhower’s warning over half a century ago could not have been more prescient, as the military-industrial complex is one of most powerful special interests that rules the US today. Unfortunately, Americans did not heed Eisenhower’s warning, which he expressed in his 1961 farewell address: “This conjunction, of an immense military establishment and a large arms industry, is new in the American experience. The total influence – economic, political, even spiritual – is felt in every city, every state house, every office of the federal government. We recognise the imperative need for this development, yet we must not fail to comprehend its grave implications… In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists, and will persist. We must never let the weight of this combination endanger our liberties or democratic processes Steven MacMillan is an independent writer, researcher, geopolitical analyst and editor of  The Analyst Report, especially for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook”. Featured image: New Eastern Outlook The original source of this article is New Eastern Outlook Copyright © Steven MacMillan, New Eastern Outlook, 2017 Comment on Global Research Articles on our Facebook page Become a Member of Global Research Articles by: Steven MacMillan Disclaimer: The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s). The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible for any inaccurate or incorrect statement in this article. The Center of Research on Globalization grants permission to cross-post original Global Research articles on community internet sites as long as the text & title are not modified. The source and the author's copyright must be displayed. For publication of Global Research articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites, contact: [email protected] www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of "fair use" in an effort to advance a better understanding of political, economic and social issues. The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes. If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than "fair use" you must request permission from the copyright owner. For media inquiries: [email protected] Latest News & Top Stories Video: Drone Technology, Russia Deploys its Altius-M Heavy UAVs Left Forum Bans “Deep State” Panels: Speakers Refuse to be Silenced, Come to the “Left Out Forum”! Video: Iraq’s Popular Mobilization Units (PMU) Prepare for Further Advances against ISIS US Embassy in Israel Reportedly to Remain in Tel Aviv Jihad 2.0: The Making of the Next Nightmare Video: Counter-Propaganda, Toward A New Anti-War Movement War, Martial Law, and the Economic Crisis Islamic State in Asia: Saudi-Funding and Naive Policymakers Endanger Region Israel Has No Legal Right to Offer Land Tenders in West Bank The Military-Industrial Complex is in Love with Trump The New York Times Video Analysis of the Events in Khan Sheikhoun April 4 2017 Attack: NONE of the Cited Forensic Evidence Supports the Claims War and Terrorism: What’s Behind the Massive Kabul Blast? “ISIS Claimed Responsibility” The “Liberation” of Mosul: Another Fallujah, Dresden – or Hiroshima? Keeping Secrets: Theresa May, Manchester and the Corporate Media Former ICC Official Says Israel Will Be Convicted of War Crimes Most Popular All Articles Global Research Publishers Click Here To Order Online News Themes Terrorism Biotechnology and GMO Crimes against Humanity Culture, Society & History Environment Global Economy Intelligence Law and Justice Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Civil Rights Politics and Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights I-Books Series IN-DEPTH REPORTS UKRAINE REPORT SYRIA: NATO’S NEXT WAR? IRAN: THE NEXT WAR? IRAQ REPORT AFGHANISTAN CLIMATE CHANGE CRIMINALIZE WAR DEPLETED URANIUM FAKE INTELLIGENCE HAITI NATO’S WAR ON LIBYA NORTH KOREA NUCLEAR WAR OCCUPY WALL STREET PAKISTAN PALESTINE THE BALKANS GLOBAL RESEARCH VIDEOS The global research news hour Join us on Facebook Partner Websites Project Censored Stop NATO Strategic Culture Foundation The Corbett Report Washington's Blog youtube twitter facebook rss Global Research News I-BOOKS SERIES Countries Index Authors Index Most Popular Links Contact Membership Online Store Themes Geographic Regions US NATO War Agenda Global Economy Crimes against Humanity Militarization and WMD Law and Justice Police State & Civil Rights History 9/11 & ‘War on Terrorism’ Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Police State & Civil Rights Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights USA Canada Middle East & North Africa Latin America & Caribbean Europe sub-Saharan Africa Russia and FSU Asia Oceania GlobalResearch Center for Research on Globalization Privacy Policy Copyright © 2005-2017 GlobalResearch.ca
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits Opinion Classifieds Search Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service News Spokane Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Marijuana WA Government ID Government Sports Outdoors Gonzaga basketball WSU football EWU basketball EWU football Gonzaga women High school sports Seattle Mariners Seattle Seahawks Seattle Sounders Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Spokane Indians UW basketball UW football Vandals basketball Vandals football Whitworth WSU football Arts and Entertainment A&E Art Books Beer/Drinks Cooking Dining Entertainment Dorothy Dean Features Food Home and garden Home Movies Music Pop culture Seven Stage The Slice Travel Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Know Spokane data.spokesman.com Photos Reader Photos Blogs Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Spokane Jobs Spokane Autos Public Records Brides Births Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Advertising inserts Close Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Washington Paul Allen’s colossal Stratolaunch plane emerges from its lair UPDATED: Thu., June 1, 2017, 5:31 p.m. Paul Allen’s Stratolaunch airplane emerges from its hangar in Mojave, Calif., on May 31. (Courtesy photo / Stratolaunch Systems Corp.) By Dominic Gates Seattle Times Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Paul Allen’s monstrous Stratolaunch airplane finally rolled out of its hangar in Mojave, Calif., Wednesday, showing off its complete twin-hulled majesty for the first time. It will now spend many months on ground tests before a first flight. And it’s not expected to be used to launch a rocket into space – a mission that some observers are skeptical will ever make business sense – any sooner than 2019. Two tugs pulled the 250-ton giant from the hangar where it was built for Allen’s Stratolaunch Systems company by Scaled Composites, the specialty airplane-development firm founded by aviation pioneer Burt Rutan. Over the past few weeks, mechanics removed the last of the three-story scaffolding that had surrounded the aircraft during construction, leaving the aircraft’s full weight to rest on its 28 wheels for the first time. Jean Floyd, chief executive at Stratolaunch Systems, said in a statement that the empty airplane, powered by six used 747 engines, weighs approximately 500,000 pounds. “That may sound heavy,” Floyd acknowledged. “But remember that the Stratolaunch aircraft is the world’s largest plane by wingspan, measuring 385 feet. By comparison, a National Football League field spans only 360 feet.” The plane – nicknamed the Roc, after a mythical Middle Eastern bird so big it could carry an elephant in its claws – will have a three-person crew: pilot, co-pilot and flight engineer. They’ll be in the flight deck of the starboard fuselage, maneuvering the plane from far to the right of its centerline, while the port fuselage cockpit is empty and unpressurized. Stratolaunch is intended to carry a rocket slung beneath the central part of the wing, between the two fuselages, and release it at 35,000 feet. The concept is that the rocket will then launch into space and deliver satellites into orbit. For comparison, the empty weight of the world’s largest airliner, the double-decker Airbus A380 designed to carry around 550 passengers, is 610,000 pounds. And the empty weight of Boeing’s largest jet, the 747-8, is a paltry 435,000 pounds. Paul Allen’s aircraft is 238 feet from nose to tail, and it stands 50 feet tall from the ground to the top of the vertical tail. It will carry about 250,000 pounds of fuel and a rocket payload of up to 550,000 pounds or 275 tons, giving it a maximum takeoff weight of 1.3 million pounds – equal to the fully loaded weight of the A380. There’s plenty of skepticism about Stratolaunch’s business plan for delivering satellites to orbit using this behemoth plane. Since Allen first put forward the idea in 2011, both Elon Musk’s SpaceX and Jeff Bezos’s Blue Origin have successfully pioneered new reusable ground-launched rockets that are already dramatically lowering the cost of access to space. And the satellite business has changed, with demand shifting toward small satellites going to low Earth orbit, not the huge, minivan-sized satellites that used to be standard. The airplane may be simply too colossal and therefore too expensive to be used to launch smaller satellites. Progress on the project has been slow. A year ago, Stratolaunch’s leadership indicated that it hoped for a rollout by the end of 2016. Yet driven by Allen’s passion for space and science fiction and funded by the billionaire – courtesy of co-founding Microsoft more than 40 years ago – construction of the airframe is complete and the Roc has finally emerged to the light of day. Floyd on Wednesday laid out an extended time frame, though he didn’t specify when the aircraft might first take to the air. “Over the coming weeks and months” at the Mojave Air and Space Port, the aircraft will undergo “ground testing, engine runs, taxi tests and ultimately first flight,” Floyd said. “Stratolaunch is on track to perform its first launch demonstration as early as 2019,” he added. Updated: June 1, 2017, 5:31 p.m.  Tags: airplane, Paul Allen, Stratolaunch, Washington There are two comments on this story » Most read stories Hegsted bringing modern, hearty menu to new spot in Ponderay … Gonzaga alumni game will feature ex-Zags against former Huskies … Paul Allen’s colossal Stratolaunch plane emerges from its lair … Threat closes Evergreen State College after protests over race … The Spokesman-Review … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
gloucestershireliveLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Gloucester News Cheltenham News Crime Jobs Property Education Health Politics Traffic & TravelExpand Sport Latest Sport Cheltenham Town FC Gloucester Rugby Football Rugby Racing Other SportExpand What's On Latest What's On Food & Drink Family & Kids Film Music & Nightlife ShoppingExpand In Your Area Cheltenham Gloucester Stroud Tewkesbury Forest of Dean Cotswolds See all locationsExpand Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter Book an ad Buy a photo Plus Rewards Crosswords Jobs Property Motors Buy/Sell Directory Family Notices Public Notices Dating InYourArea Contact Us About Us Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS feeds © Local World frontpage News Cheltenham News Armed Forces News Why are B-52 bombers flying into Gloucestershire? Huge bombers supporting military exercises in Europe  Share  Comments ByPhil Norris 14:32, 1 JUN 2017 News A B52 flying out of RAF Fairford  Share  Comments If you see giant US bombers flying over Gloucestershire, don’t worry, President Donald Trump hasn't pressed the wrong button. Because B-52 aircraft from the 2 Bomb Wing are being deployed to RAF Fairford from now until June 16. They are being flown in to strengthen the base for US Air Forces in Europe and Air Forces Africa. Read More 'Traffic can't leave Cheltenham': Why are lanes closed on the A40 near GCHQ? A spokesman for RAF Fairford said they will be used to support a variety of exercise in the United States’ European Command area of responsibility. A B52 bomber They added: “The deployment of strategic bombers strengthens the effectiveness of RAF Fairford as the U.S. Air Forces in Europe and Air Forces Africa’s forward operating bomber location, while providing important integration and interaction with our joint partners, UK and NATO allies.” Read More Fire in a furnace factory: Company deals with heat so knew EXACTLY what to do when blaze broke out Among the exercises taking place is Operation BALTOPS, the largest multinational exercise taking place in the Baltic Sea, hosted by the Commander US Naval Forces Europe, testing allied and partner maritime capabilities including maritime security tasks. A B52 bomber There will also be supporting Saber Strike, a long-standing U.S. Army Europe-led cooperative training exercise that helps facilitate cooperation amongst the U.S., Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland and allied and partner nations. The third exercise is Arctic Challenge, which features jets, transport aircrafts, tankers, AWACS, helicopters and aircrafts for electronic warfare. Read More Why Gloucestershire Airport’s vital Champions League Final role could keep you up at night Boeing describes its B-52 as the most combat capable bomber in the U.S. inventory. It says: "Due to its high mission-capable rate, long range, persistence and ability to employ accurate standoff weapons and Joint Direct Attack Munitions, the B-52H continues to be a major contributor to the U.S. and allied forces." Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @GlosLiveOnline Comments Show more comments More On Armed Forces Gloucestershire News all Most Read Most Recent CourtsDrunk man who decided he would be safer driving than his suicidal whisky-drinking cousin avoids jail He was more than three times over the limit and drove dangerously along wet country lanes near Newent Gloucester Railway StationMan arrested at Gloucester Railway Station ‘for falling asleep’ Rail user’s anger at treatment by police GCHQ'Traffic can't leave Cheltenham': Why are lanes closed on the A40 near GCHQ? Commuters caught in long delays on their way into and out of Cheltenham Cheltenham'A message to you Sam' - Cal wants to get in touch after encounter at The Specials gig A music fan is looking for the girl he bonded with at a gig in Birmingham StroudBeautiful Percy died after being shot by thug armed with an air rifle Percy was loved around his neighbourhood NHSIs it safe to give your child a cup of tea - here's what you need to know Harmless drink or something quite serious GloucestershireLIVE: Breaking news, traffic & travel, and weather in Gloucestershire Welcome to Friday, June 2 - the weekend is almost here Gloucestershire PoliceBusinesswoman forced to hire £4,500 an hour barrister to clear her name after being accused of frenzied attack A year ago this week company boss was plunged into nightmare after being accused of frenzied attack Traffic & TravelIf you have ever driven in Gloucester, the chances are you've been sworn at or threatened A recent student of motorists in the city has revealed shocking statistics which suggests the problem with aggressive drivers is more common than first thought GloucestershireGreggs launches its summer menu and it looks delicious Greggs has launched a fantastic-looking summer menu Most Read Most Recent CourtsDrunk man who decided he would be safer driving than his suicidal whisky-drinking cousin avoids jail He was more than three times over the limit and drove dangerously along wet country lanes near Newent GloucesterEnd of an era as paddle wheeler Oliver Cromwell to leave Gloucester after more than two decades It's the end of an era as the county loses its iconic boat Gloucester Railway StationMan arrested at Gloucester Railway Station ‘for falling asleep’ Rail user’s anger at treatment by police GCHQ'Traffic can't leave Cheltenham': Why are lanes closed on the A40 near GCHQ? Commuters caught in long delays on their way into and out of Cheltenham Cheltenham'A message to you Sam' - Cal wants to get in touch after encounter at The Specials gig A music fan is looking for the girl he bonded with at a gig in Birmingham ShoppingThere's a huge deal on Nectar points that started today The offer started today and runs until Monday NHSIs it safe to give your child a cup of tea - here's what you need to know Harmless drink or something quite serious GloucestershireLIVE: Breaking news, traffic & travel, and weather in Gloucestershire Welcome to Friday, June 2 - the weekend is almost here Gloucestershire PoliceBusinesswoman forced to hire £4,500 an hour barrister to clear her name after being accused of frenzied attack A year ago this week company boss was plunged into nightmare after being accused of frenzied attack Traffic & TravelIf you have ever driven in Gloucester, the chances are you've been sworn at or threatened A recent student of motorists in the city has revealed shocking statistics which suggests the problem with aggressive drivers is more common than first thought Top Stories GloucesterEnd of an era as paddle wheeler Oliver Cromwell to leave Gloucester after more than two decades It's the end of an era as the county loses its iconic boat Cheltenham'A message to you Sam' - Cal wants to get in touch after encounter at The Specials gig A music fan is looking for the girl he bonded with at a gig in Birmingham StroudBeautiful Percy died after being shot by thug armed with an air rifle Percy was loved around his neighbourhood Gloucester Railway StationMan arrested at Gloucester Railway Station ‘for falling asleep’ Rail user’s anger at treatment by police Gloucestershire PoliceRestraining order for brute who kicked and punched sex worker in Gloucester Georgian Huzdup, 29, was sentenced at Bristol Crown Court after he kicked and punched the female victim Gloucester NewsReferrals to sex assault help centre in Gloucester soar after TV coverage More victims get in touch with centre after programmes shown GCHQ'Traffic can't leave Cheltenham': Why are lanes closed on the A40 near GCHQ? Commuters caught in long delays on their way into and out of Cheltenham Transfer NewsCheltenham Town agree personal terms with Scott Brown, but move in balance Wycombe keeper keen to join Robins, but future remains unclear TerrorismSeries of life-saving decisions stop family of five being caught up in Manchester bombing Angela Lovell was at the Ariana Grande concert with her mum, auntie, daughter and cousin GloucestershireSimpsons Fish and Chips is opening another branch in Gloucestershire 'It feels like we're coming home' GloucestershireBusiness jet overshoots runway and light aircraft suffers landing gear collapse at Gloucestershire Airport An airport spokesman said both were 'minor' incidents Gloucestershire Fire and RescueFire in a furnace factory: Company deals with heat so knew EXACTLY what to do when blaze broke out Company praised for immediately evacuating staff and calling 999 services CourtsDrunk man who decided he would be safer driving than his suicidal whisky-drinking cousin avoids jail He was more than three times over the limit and drove dangerously along wet country lanes near Newent Gloucester Railway StationMan arrested at Gloucester Railway Station ‘for falling asleep’ Rail user’s anger at treatment by police GCHQ'Traffic can't leave Cheltenham': Why are lanes closed on the A40 near GCHQ? Commuters caught in long delays on their way into and out of Cheltenham Cheltenham'A message to you Sam' - Cal wants to get in touch after encounter at The Specials gig A music fan is looking for the girl he bonded with at a gig in Birmingham StroudBeautiful Percy died after being shot by thug armed with an air rifle Percy was loved around his neighbourhood GloucestershireLIVE: Breaking news, traffic & travel, and weather in Gloucestershire Welcome to Friday, June 2 - the weekend is almost here CheltenhamHas a strip club been given permission to open in Cheltenham? Objectors said Fantasy Club would make part of town 'off limits' to women and children Gloucestershire PoliceDo you know these people? CCTV released after incidents in shops across Gloucestershire The images have been released by Gloucestershire police's Caught on Camera Gloucestershire PoliceRestraining order for brute who kicked and punched sex worker in Gloucester Georgian Huzdup, 29, was sentenced at Bristol Crown Court after he kicked and punched the female victim CheltenhamOne of Cheltenham's rare Penfold post boxes has been knocked over - by a reversing demolition truck The apparent demise of one of Cheltenham’s rare Victoria Penfold post boxes has sadden residents who have lived near it for years Armed ForcesWhy are B-52 bombers flying into Gloucestershire? Huge bombers supporting military exercises in Europe Traffic & TravelCrash blocks busy stretch of A38 on the outskirts of Gloucester The eastbound carriageway is currently blocked following the incident this afternoon Cheltenham Literature FestivalSweet love: Revealed - Sir Roger Moore’s secret affair with Gloucestershire icon Sir Roger Moore had a secret love affair with an icon of Gloucestershire – and it has helped sustain hundreds of jobs in the county as well. Traffic & TravelRail services from Cheltenham delayed after person was hit by train The disruption is expected to continue until 7pm Gloucestershire Fire and RescueStaff evacuated after fire breaks out at factory Nobody was hurt Gloucester NewsPolice investigating series of break-ins name two men charged A large amount of gardening equipment and tools were stolen Gloucestershire PoliceBusinesswoman forced to hire £4,500 an hour barrister to clear her name after being accused of frenzied attack A year ago this week company boss was plunged into nightmare after being accused of frenzied attack UEFA Champions LeagueWhy Gloucestershire Airport’s vital Champions League Final role could keep you up at night VIPs will be flying into and out of the Staverton airport for the Real Madrid v Juventus game GloucestershireBusiness jet overshoots runway and light aircraft suffers landing gear collapse at Gloucestershire Airport An airport spokesman said both were 'minor' incidents CheltenhamDiggers move on to site of Cheltenham’s former police station Builders seal off site with fencing ahead of planned demolition News Sport What's On Follow us facebook twitter InYourArea Contact Us About Us Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS feeds © Local World This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Executive Mosaic GovCon Wire ExecutiveBiz GovCon Executive GovCon Exec Magazine POC Executive Gov Latest News Acquisition & Procurement Civilian Agencies Defense & National Security Technology Health IT Profiles About Us Contact Us Home / Defense & National Security / Report: DoD Eyes Potential C-32A Transport Aircraft Replacement Report: DoD Eyes Potential C-32A Transport Aircraft Replacement Scott Nicholas June 1, 2017 Defense & National Security, Latest News 21 Views The Defense Department is investigating a successor to an aircraft platform the U.S. Air Force uses to transport the U.S. vice president and other high-level government officials, Defense One reported Tuesday. President Donald Trump’s fiscal 2018 budget proposal includes $6 million for the establishment of a project office that would identify possible replacement platforms for the C-32A Air Force Two, the report noted. C-32A is a military variant of Boeing‘s 757 platform and designed to transport cabinet members, secretaries and other dignitaries to their intended destinations around the world. The Air Force noted in the branch’s latest budget request that it wants its future transport aircraft to have greater communications, range and passenger space capacity than the current platform. DoD also wants to replace the E-4B aircraft, nicknamed “doomsday plane,” which could function as a flying operations center to carry the defense secretary and president in the event of a nuclear war. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags Air Force Air Force Two Boeing Boeing 757 C-32A Congress Defense Department DoD E-4B featured govcon President Donald Trump Related Articles Air Force Tests Boeing-Developed Aircraft Refueling Tanker to Ensure Compliance with FAA Requirements June 1, 2017 GSA 18F Helps Update FEC’s Website June 1, 2017 Vice Adm. Joseph Rixey to Retire as DSCA Director June 1, 2017 Check Also GAO: MDA Should Ramp Up Transparency With Ballistic Missile Defense Test Schedule, Costs The Government Accountability Office has called on the Missile Defense Agency to address transparency issues with its … Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Newsletter Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Recent Posts Air Force Tests Boeing-Developed Aircraft Refueling Tanker to Ensure Compliance with FAA Requirements GSA 18F Helps Update FEC’s Website Vice Adm. Joseph Rixey to Retire as DSCA Director Report: DoD Eyes Potential C-32A Transport Aircraft Replacement GAO: MDA Should Ramp Up Transparency With Ballistic Missile Defense Test Schedule, Costs Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 GovConWire Parsons to Provide Construction, Program Mgmt Support to NNSA; Carey Smith Comments DXC to Provide PIV Services, USAccess Support Under $150M GSA Deal; Marilyn Crouther Comments CACI Hires Former Lockheed, BAE Exec as President of US Operations; Ken Asbury Comments CACI Unveils Expanded COO Role for John Mengucci; Ken Asbury Comments Unisys Federal Names BD Executive for DHS Programs; PV Puvvada Comments SAIC to Provide IT Services to EPA Under $320M Task Order; Bob Genter Comments AT&T Secures $119M GSA Task Order for Updates to CDC Comms Systems; Mike Leff Comments Jacobs Secures $130M Contract to Support Army Electronic Proving Ground; Darren Kraabel Comments SAP NS2’s Mark Testoni Urges Better Protection, Management of Legacy Systems Fortinet Names Former NSA, Commerce Officials as Directors for Newly Launched Federal Business Sponsor About ExecutiveGov ExecutiveGov, published by Executive Mosaic, is a site dedicated to the news and headlines in the federal government. ExecutiveGov serves as a news source for the hot topics and issues facing federal government departments and agencies such as Gov 2.0, cybersecurity policy, health IT, green IT and national security. We also aim to spotlight various federal government employees and interview key government executives whose impact resonates beyond their agency. ExecutiveBiz Parsons to Provide Construction, Program Mgmt Support to NNSA; Carey Smith Comments DXC to Provide PIV Services, USAccess Support Under $150M GSA Deal; Marilyn Crouther Comments CACI Hires Former Lockheed, BAE Exec as President of US Operations; Ken Asbury Comments CACI Unveils Expanded COO Role for John Mengucci; Ken Asbury Comments Unisys Federal Names BD Executive for DHS Programs; PV Puvvada Comments SAIC to Provide IT Services to EPA Under $320M Task Order; Bob Genter Comments @Follow Me .@USNavy plans radio supply, upgrade contract award to @RockwellCollins #GovCon https://t.co/jO0znW0dxT4 hours ago .@TSA orders additional @SmithsDetection-built explosive detectors #GovCon https://t.co/O5Ztc0LQed5 hours ago .@CubicCorp breaks ground on expanded facility in Huntsville, Alabama #GovCon https://t.co/7fYk98Fjg55 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Russian PM signs decree on lifting some restrictions on Turkish food supplies Business & Economy June 02, 9:17 US sends B-52 bombers, 800 pilots to NATO drills near Russian borders — media World June 02, 8:28 World leaders condemn Trump’s decision to withdraw from Paris climate accord World June 02, 8:04 Putin tells Oliver Stone he is pleased with his work of his bodyguards Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 02, 4:41 WRAP: St. Petersburg forum participants address digital economy issues on first day Business & Economy June 02, 3:51 Russian animation studio and Danone sign contracts worth $8.8 mln Business & Economy June 01, 21:08 Russia and India vow to continue joint development of cutting-edge weaponry Military & Defense June 01, 20:57 Yandex to close offices in Kiev and Odessa Business & Economy June 01, 20:15 Top Russian official says Moscow ready to sell affordable weaponry to Serbia Military & Defense June 01, 19:56 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 02.06.2017 01.06.2017 31.05.2017 30.05.2017 29.05.2017 28.05.2017 27.05.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Russian minister says production of fifth MC-21 may start in 2017 Business & Economy June 01, 13:52 UTC+3 MOSCOW The MC-21 conducted its maiden flight on May 28 Share 1 pages in this article MC-21-300 aircraft © Marina Lystseva/TASS MOSCOW, June 1. /TASS/.The Russian Industry and Trade Ministry expects that the production of the MC-21 short-and medium-haul narrow-body aircraft ("Mainline aircraft of the 21st century") to start in 2017. The fourth and fifth MC-21 planes are being constructed now, Russian Industry and Trade Minister Denis Manturov said in an interview with TASS today. Read also Russia gets hundreds of orders for MC-21 new medium-haul airliner The first MC-21 narrowbody recently made its first flight, while the second model is undergoing tests in the Zhukovsky Central Aerohydrodynamic Institute. "The first plane performed its test flight, and the second plane is being tested in the Zhukovsky Central Aerohydrodynamic Institute. The third and the fourth narrowbodies are being constructed now. We plan to start constructing the fifth and following planes this year," the minister stated. Manturov also noted that it intended to complete all tests, certify the plane and start deliveries in 2019. The MC-21 conducted its maiden flight on May 28, carrying the "Heroes of Russia" crew commander Oleg Kononenko and co-pilot Roman Taskayev. Lasting only 30 minutes, the flight took the airliner to an altitude of 1,000 meters and a speed of 300 km/hour. The flight plan included aerodynamic stability and controllability checks as well as engine control tests, and the crew performed a simulated landing approach, followed by a fly-over the runway and ascending and turning maneuvers. MC-21’s history and features The MC-21 airliner is being developed by Yakovlev Design Bureau (which is part of the United Aircraft Corporation ) and the Irkut aircraft manufacturer on the basis of the Yak-242 project that was abandoned in the 1990s. Read also Russia sees prospects for MC-21, SSJ-100 supplies to India In 2003, the now-defunct Russian Airspace Agency held a tender for the development of short-and medium-haul aircraft which was won by the MC-14 project. It was initially planned to name the airliner, the Yak-242, but later this name was dropped for MC-21, as the latter was considered a better version for the global market. The designers say that the MC-21 is to replace the aging Tu-154 fleet and fully compete with Boeing’s and Airbus’ production (Boeing 737MAX and Airbus A320 neo). Plans are in store to produce two of the plane’s versions: the MC-21-200, which will carry 132 to 165 passengers, and the MC-21-300, which will carry 163 to 211 passengers. It was the MC-21-300 that made its first flight. Who will take to the skies in the MC-21? Currently, Irkut has 286 orders for the MC-21 aircraft. Of this number, final contracts were inked for the delivery of 175 aircraft while contracts for another 110 planes are preliminary agreements. The first client is Russia’s Aeroflot, which plans to have 50 MC-21s in its fleet. As the airline’s CEO, Vitaly Savelyev, earlier said, the company expects the first three airliners in 2019 (instead of late 2018, as was initially planned). {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Topics Aviation Top News June 02, 9:17 Russian PM signs decree on lifting some restrictions on Turkish food supplies June 02, 9:17 June 02, 8:04 World leaders condemn Trump’s decision to withdraw from Paris climate accord June 02, 8:04 June 01, 18:52 Putin describes Trump as a straightforward and frank man June 01, 18:52 June 01, 18:03 Russia fears Syria's dismemberment — Putin June 01, 18:03 In other media Реклама Photo 12 The 2017 World Car of the Year and its rivals at the New York Auto Show 15 How Russians conquered the Arctic in vintage photos 13 Futuristic supercars at the Geneva Motor Show Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Gas agreement signed by Russia, Ukraine and the EU Altai gas pipeline Economical sanctions against Russia Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian PM signs decree on lifting some restrictions on Turkish food supplies 2 US sends B-52 bombers, 800 pilots to NATO drills near Russian borders — media 3 World leaders condemn Trump’s decision to withdraw from Paris climate accord 4 Putin describes Trump as a straightforward and frank man 5 Russia signs contract with Iran to receive 100,000 barrels of oil per day 6 Putin praises Russia-India military-technical cooperation 7 Gazprom, Rosneft may be privatized within 7-10 years — Russian deputy PM 1 Russia fears Syria's dismemberment — Putin 2 Putin describes Trump as a straightforward and frank man 3 Putin says Russia has to respond to other countries’ military potential buildup 4 Putin emphasizes that Sweden's entry to NATO would jeopardize ties with Moscow 5 Russian Aerospace Force eliminates 80 militants trying to move to Palmyra from Raqqa 6 Russia ready to supply advanced S-400 air defense missile systems to Turkey 7 New MC-21 jet: Russia’s first step on aircraft market 1 Moscow concerned over US threats against Syria’s armed forces 2 Russia’s cutting-edge fighter jet to enter service this year 3 Russian cruise missiles hit terrorist targets near Palmyra 4 Moscow mayor says Monday's hurricane 'unprecedented' 5 MC-21 airliner makes first test flight — source 6 Russian anti-submarine destroyer enters English Channel 7 Lavrov slams Macron's 'media propaganda' remarks as post-Obama policy aftereffect TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage U.S. military officials hail successful test of missile intercept 2017-06-01 07:50:54 GMT2017-06-01 15:50:54(Beijing Time) Xinhua English by Peter Mertz DENVER, the Unites States, May 31 (Xinhua) -- U.S. military officials have called the successful destruction of a mock nuclear warhead over the Pacific in the latest intercept test a critical step for a missile defense program that started 35 years ago. "This test demonstrates that we have a capable, credible deterrent against a very real threat," said Vice Adm. Jim Syring, director of the Defense Department's Missile Defense Agency. "I expect the American tests to continue, and the more the better," Republican insider Al Rickard, a Washington D.C.-based publisher, told Xinhua Wednesday, in commenting the latest intercept test. The U.S. interceptor has an uneven track record, having succeeded nine times out of 17 attempts against missiles in test since 1999. The last one conducted in June 2014 was also a success. In Tuesday's test, seconds after a mock nuclear missile targeting the continental United States was launched from the Marshall Islands, a new-age, "high speed" U.S. interceptor missile was launched from southern California. The test launch, the first of its kind since 2014, was seen from miles away as smoke and fire accompanied the blastoff. According to U.S. military officials, the Raytheon-made 54-kg interceptor missile with Boeing thrusters, travelled at a hypersonic speed and hit its target high above the south Pacific about 15 minutes after its launch. Its target simulated an intercontinental ballistic missile, meaning it flew faster than missiles used in previous intercept tests, according to Christopher Johnson, the Missile Defense Agency's spokesman. The United States has interceptors based at Fort Greely in Alaska and Vandenberg Air Force Base, about 250 km northwest of Los Angeles. The latest test cost close to 250 million U.S. dollars, and Pentagon has not ruled out more tests in the near future. By the end of the year, some 44 interceptors are expected to be live and operational, up from the current 36, officials said. Last week, the Pentagon presented its 2018 budget to Congress, proposing spending 7.9 billion dollars on missile defense, including 1.5 billion dollars for the ground-based midcourse defense program. Chinese Premier Li holds talks with German Chancellor Merkel in Berlin China's submersible Jiaolong conducts 5th dive in Mariana Trench Hong Kong's 20th return anniversary to be celebrated on July 1 Kenya launches flagship standard gauge railway set to transform nation Cheongsam show held at Sanshuiwan scenic spot in Taizhou City In pics: Amboseli National Park in Kenya In pics: outdoor cultural performance given by Ulanmuqi in N China Water park attracts many citizens in SW China's Chongqing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
language:English Thursday, October 24, 2013 Language Language www english german italy portuguese french russian espanol malay vietnamese laos cambodian thai indonesian filipino myanmar japanese korean mongol nepal hindi bengali turkish persian arabic Open search News Video Travel Photos Learn Chinese City Guide Free Mail China urges Germany to help jumbo jet C919 get EU airworthiness certificate Updated 2017-06-01 09:01:13 Xinhua Chinese Premier Li Keqiang (R) attends a welcome ceremony held by German chancellor Angela Merkel before an annual meeting between Chinese and German heads of government in Berlin, Germany, May 31, 2017. (Xinhua/Zhang Duo) Visiting Chinese Premier Li Keqiang on Wednesday called on Germany to help China-developed large passenger plane C919 get an airworthiness certificate from the European Union.[Special coverage] Li made the call during his talks with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin. He is on an official visit to Germany for an annual meeting between the two heads of government, a mechanism that has been in place since 2004. The twin-engine C919 made a maiden flight on May 5 in Shanghai with five crew members on board but no passengers. The success makes China the fourth jumbo jet producer after the United States, Western Europe and Russia. With a standard range of 4,075 km, the narrow-body jet is comparable with updated Airbus 320 and Boeing's new generation 737 planes, signaling the country's entry into the global aviation market. China has taken pride in developing the homegrown jumbo jet, regarding it as a symbol of national strength. In 2007, the State Council approved plans to develop a large passenger jet. In November 2015, the first C919 jet rolled off the assembly line. More than 200,000 technicians worked on the project. A total of 23 foreign and domestic customers, including China's national carrier Air China, had placed orders for 570 aircraft as of May 5, according to COMAC, the manufacturer. COMAC has to seek airworthiness certificates from domestic and foreign aviation safety regulators before making its first deliveries slated for around 2019. Airworthiness is the measure of an aircraft's suitability for safe flight. Also in the News Showbiz2016/06/16 13:58June 02 2017 15:06:17 Nicole Kidman Recalls Oscar Glory: Loneliest Time Attending Shanghai International Film Festival, Nicole Kidman talks about her role in "Grace of Monaco". Also in the News2014/05/01 12:16June 02 2017 15:06:17 Labor Day Travel Peak Starts Also in the News2014/04/18 13:18June 02 2017 15:06:17 Johnny Depp Delivers a Speech 'Evolve the Future' in 'Transcendence' Hollywood star Johnny Depp's speech in the upcoming new film "Transcendence" has been disclosed on Friday, April 11th. Most Viewed Audio Reports CRI Director-General Wang Gengnian's 2017 New Year Speech Immersion Corporation Partner with Letv to Produce 4D Phones China's Import Tax Cut to Reduce Revenue and Bolster Consumption Short Selling of Stocks Opens to overseas Investors Sydney Celebrates Chinese New Year with Terracotta Warrior Lanterns Most Watched Specials Beijing Sets Up 1st Emergency Relief Unit for Blind Shanghai Sets up First Police Emergency Unit Jiangxi's "No.1 Bee Man" Breaks Guinness World Record A Day of a Tian'anmen Square Patrolman during Lianghui News: China World Business Sports Showbiz Audio Video: C4 My Chinese Life The Sound Stage China Revealed Showbiz Video Travel Video Photos: China World Fun Travel Entertainment Sports Travel: Beijing Shanghai Guangzhou Lifestyle: Live Music Opera & Classical Movies Traditional Shows Exhibitions Learn Chinese: Chinese Studio Living Chinese Everyday Chinese Just For Fun Chinese Culture Buzzwords About China.com|About GMG|Ad Services|Contact Information|Copyright Notice Copyright © China.com All Rights Reserved
Thursday, Jun 1, 2017 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korea German Portuguese HomeOpinionsBusinessMilitaryWorldSocietyCultureTravelScienceSportsSpecial CoveragePhotoVideo English>> Thousands of test hours on C919 jet needed before OK By Ma Si and Zhu Wenqian (China Daily)    10:17, June 01, 2017 The C919 is in a test gliding at the Shanghai Pudong International Airport on April 23, 2017. [Photo/Xinhua] China will ramp up resources to accelerate the approval process for C919, the country's first large domestic passenger plane, to obtain an airworthiness certificate, which may require thousands of test flight hours, the industrial regulator and the aircraft's maker said. The C919 is scheduled to go through about 729 test projects and 4,200 hours of flight before it obtains the certificate from the Civil Aviation Administration of China. Such a step is imperative for it to enter the commercial market, according to the Commercial Aircraft Corp of China, the C919's manufacturer. Li Dong, director of the industrial equipment department at the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, said that after C919's successful maiden flight in May, more effort will be made to boost its flight performance, beef up maintenance support and lower its operating cost. The ministry said it also will leverage the experience China has accumulated in certifying the ARJ21, the nation's first domestic commercial regional aircraft, to help accelerate the process for the C919. No specific timetable was discussed. Lin Zhijie, an aviation industry analyst at CARNOC, a major Chinese civil aviation website, said by taking multiple test flights, the C919 aircraft needs to prove it is safe to fly and can meet the operational requirements for commercial use. The ARJ21, for instance, has 3,418 reports showing it meets operational requirements. Lin said it took six years for the ARJ21 to obtain its airworthiness certificate because it was something no Chinese company had never before attempted. The aviation authority had to design the aircraft approval system from scratch. "But now, both the manufacturer and authorities have experience, relevant technology and talent. The process for the C919 will take less time," Lin said The twin-engine, single-aisle C919, which can carry 158 to 174 passengers, made its first flight in early May. It is part of China's broad effort to meet soaring domestic travel demand and break the global market duopoly of Boeing and Airbus. "Since launching the C919 project, China has made more than 100 technological breakthroughs in areas including the integrated design of engines and systems control," said Li, from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. He refuted foreign media reports that China was assembling rather than making an airplane. He said it is a common international practice in the aviation industry to source components from other companies. Boeing said 65 percent of the cost of its civilian planes goes to paying suppliers. Aviation Industry Corp of China, a domestic aircraft maker, has set up 16 joint ventures with foreign companies to supply products such as electric power system and braking systems to the C919. Steven Lien, president of Honeywell Aerospace Asia Pacific, said in an earlier interview that the C919 program represents a $15 billion to $16 billion opportunity for Honeywell over the life of the aircraft program. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook)(Web editor: Hu Ximeng, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. We Recommend Top 10 Chinese tech and engineering marvels Chinese footwear tycoon brings jobs, economic benefits to Ethiopia China develops reusable spacecraft for manned lunar missions More ‘agile fleets needed’ to tackle sea challenges Delivery boy becomes the third richest man in China China to build 30,000 new kilometers of railway before 2020 Absence of regulations casts shadow on China’s booming UAV industry China's place on world governance index sets unique example for developing countries Expectations high for China-Vatican relations in 2017 Most Read 1 Op-Ed: Trump is right, fake news is the enemy, something Ch… 2 China to build 3 world-class airport clusters 3 U.S. government agency requests millions to expand anti-Chi… 4 Commentary: The wicked are first to complain 5 China's defense ministry: Chinese military aircraft investi… Top 10 The power of 'She' in China Seven most beautiful art museums in China Top 10 European patent applicants in 2016 Chasing the world's prettiest flowers Popular on Global Times China funded Kenyan railway creates more than 46,000 local jobs China to issue upgraded green cards for foreign residents China-US-EU strategic triangle unlikely Chinese schools prescribe cosplay, yoga to students to deal with exam stress Hot News Blind man, armless man pledge to rebuild after 10,000-tree crop is devastated by flood China's opposition to THAAD is justified, sufficient More economists upbeat about China's Q1 growth: survey Pit Bull Shot Dead After Attacking Owner The miracle called Communist Party of China Nude pics as IOU: a new, risky online loan among Chinese university students Key Words Xi JinpingSCOCPCSouth China SeaAIIBDPRKChinese New Year Links: Beijing TodayCRI EnglishSINA EnglishGlobal TimesChinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show ChinaChina Human RightsChina XinjiangTibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi JournalWomen of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online
null
language:English Thursday, October 24, 2013 Language Language www english german italy portuguese french russian espanol malay vietnamese laos cambodian thai indonesian filipino myanmar japanese korean mongol nepal hindi bengali turkish persian arabic Open search News Video Travel Photos Learn Chinese City Guide Free Mail Thousands of test hours on C919 jet needed before OK Updated 2017-06-01 09:01:04 China Daily China will ramp up resources to accelerate the approval process for C919, the country's first large domestic passenger plane, to obtain an airworthiness certificate, which may require thousands of test flight hours, the industrial regulator and the aircraft's maker said. The C919 is scheduled to go through about 729 test projects and 4,200 hours of flight before it obtains the certificate from the Civil Aviation Administration of China. Such a step is imperative for it to enter the commercial market, according to the Commercial Aircraft Corp of China, the C919's manufacturer. Li Dong, director of the industrial equipment department at the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, said that after C919's successful maiden flight in May, more effort will be made to boost its flight performance, beef up maintenance support and lower its operating cost. The ministry said it also will leverage the experience China has accumulated in certifying the ARJ21, the nation's first domestic commercial regional aircraft, to help accelerate the process for the C919. No specific timetable was discussed. Lin Zhijie, an aviation industry analyst at CARNOC, a major Chinese civil aviation website, said by taking multiple test flights, the C919 aircraft needs to prove it is safe to fly and can meet the operational requirements for commercial use. The ARJ21, for instance, has 3,418 reports showing it meets operational requirements. Lin said it took six years for the ARJ21 to obtain its airworthiness certificate because it was something no Chinese company had never before attempted. The aviation authority had to design the aircraft approval system from scratch. "But now, both the manufacturer and authorities have experience, relevant technology and talent. The process for the C919 will take less time," Lin said The twin-engine, single-aisle C919, which can carry 158 to 174 passengers, made its first flight in early May. It is part of China's broad effort to meet soaring domestic travel demand and break the global market duopoly of Boeing and Airbus. "Since launching the C919 project, China has made more than 100 technological breakthroughs in areas including the integrated design of engines and systems control," said Li, from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. He refuted foreign media reports that China was assembling rather than making an airplane. He said it is a common international practice in the aviation industry to source components from other companies. Boeing said 65 percent of the cost of its civilian planes goes to paying suppliers. Aviation Industry Corp of China, a domestic aircraft maker, has set up 16 joint ventures with foreign companies to supply products such as electric power system and braking systems to the C919. Steven Lien, president of Honeywell Aerospace Asia Pacific, said in an earlier interview that the C919 program represents a billion to billion opportunity for Honeywell over the life of the aircraft program. Also in the News Showbiz2016/06/16 13:58June 02 2017 15:06:19 Nicole Kidman Recalls Oscar Glory: Loneliest Time Attending Shanghai International Film Festival, Nicole Kidman talks about her role in "Grace of Monaco". Also in the News2014/05/01 12:16June 02 2017 15:06:19 Labor Day Travel Peak Starts Also in the News2014/04/18 13:18June 02 2017 15:06:19 Johnny Depp Delivers a Speech 'Evolve the Future' in 'Transcendence' Hollywood star Johnny Depp's speech in the upcoming new film "Transcendence" has been disclosed on Friday, April 11th. Most Viewed Audio Reports CRI Director-General Wang Gengnian's 2017 New Year Speech Immersion Corporation Partner with Letv to Produce 4D Phones China's Import Tax Cut to Reduce Revenue and Bolster Consumption Short Selling of Stocks Opens to overseas Investors Sydney Celebrates Chinese New Year with Terracotta Warrior Lanterns Most Watched Specials Beijing Sets Up 1st Emergency Relief Unit for Blind Shanghai Sets up First Police Emergency Unit Jiangxi's "No.1 Bee Man" Breaks Guinness World Record A Day of a Tian'anmen Square Patrolman during Lianghui News: China World Business Sports Showbiz Audio Video: C4 My Chinese Life The Sound Stage China Revealed Showbiz Video Travel Video Photos: China World Fun Travel Entertainment Sports Travel: Beijing Shanghai Guangzhou Lifestyle: Live Music Opera & Classical Movies Traditional Shows Exhibitions Learn Chinese: Chinese Studio Living Chinese Everyday Chinese Just For Fun Chinese Culture Buzzwords About China.com|About GMG|Ad Services|Contact Information|Copyright Notice Copyright © China.com All Rights Reserved
About DoD Buzz Twitter Facebook Military.com Sea Air Land Space Cyber International Intelligence Policy Industry Video Latest Headlines June 1, 2017 | The Navy Wants Amphibs, Destroyers That Last Up to 50 Years May 31, 2017 | A-10 ‘Brrrts’ Another Retirement Volley: Here’s What’s Next May 30, 2017 | Air Force Wants More C-5s on the Flightline May 29, 2017 | Mattis Finally Gets Some E-Ring Help May 26, 2017 | Army Chief: Battlefield Network May Not Survive Combat Search for: Home Air A-10 ‘Brrrts’ Another Retirement Volley: Here’s What’s Next TOPICS:A-10Brrrtclose air supportFY18 budgetThunderbolt IIWarthog An A-10 Thunderbolt II departs after receiving fuel from a 340th Expeditionary Air Refueling Squadron KC-135 Stratotanker during a flight in support of Operation Inherent Resolve April 19, 2017. The 340th EARS, part of U.S. Air Forces Central Command, is responsible for delivering fuel for U.S. and coalition forces, enabling a persistent 24/7 presence in the area of responsibility. (U.S. Air Force photo/Senior Airman Trevor T. McBride) Posted By: Oriana Pawlyk May 31, 2017 The A-10 is a Cold War-era ground-attack plane known for its iconic gun designed to shred tanks and for its tough titanium armor designed to take hits and keep flying. That durability is noticeable not only on the battlefield, but also increasingly on Capitol Hill, where supporters of the Thunderbolt II, popularly known as the Warthog or simply Hog, have seemingly succeeded in dissuading Air Force officials from renewing attempts to retire the snub-nosed plane. The Air Force’s fiscal 2018 budget request released this month calls for keeping its fleet of A-10s — which stood at 283 as of Sept. 30 — in service for at least five more years. To recap: The service — facing financial pressure driven by spending caps known as sequestration — made multiple attempts in recent years to retire the Warthog to save an estimated $4 billion over five years and to free up maintainers for the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, the stealthy fifth-generation fighter jet designed to replace the A-10 and legacy fighters. In 2016, then-Defense Secretary Ash Carter announced the A-10 retirement would be delayed until 2022 after lawmakers complained that doing so would rid the military of a “valuable and effective” close-air-support aircraft. However, fiscal 2017 budget request documents showed the Air Force still planned to remove A-10 squadrons in increments between 2018 and 2022 to make room for F-35A Lightning II squadrons coming online. RELATED: Air Force Kills Retirement Date for U-2 Spy Plane Members of Congress, notably Arizona Republicans Sen. John McCain, a former Navy pilot, and Rep. Martha McSally, who flew A-10s during her Air Force career, fiercely opposed the move, and included language in the bill that would prohibit retirement of the Warthog until the Air Force could prove the F-35 is able to perform similar missions as effectively on the battlefield. In October, Air Force Materiel Command chief Gen. Ellen Pawlikowski said the depot line for the A-10 was cranking back up as part of an effort to keep the Cold War-era aircraft flying “indefinitely.” The planes, which entered service in 1976 and have deployed to the Middle East, Europe and the Pacific, have played an outsized role in the air campaign that began in 2014 against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, or ISIS, helping provide close-air support for Iraqi and U.S. partner forces on the ground. (A-10 fans describe the distinctive sound its seven-barrel 30mm GAU-8 Avenger rotary cannon makes when firing as “brrrt.”) So the retirement push appears to have dissipated — at least, for now. Indeed, the Air Force’s budget request for the fiscal year beginning Oct. 1 includes modest funding for A-10 modifications in coming years. The service over the past decade worked with Boeing Co. to replace the wings on 173 of the aircraft as part of a program scheduled to wrap up this year. RELATED: Air Force Requests 4K More Airmen, 46 F-35s, No Bonus Changes For fiscal 2018, the service asked for $6 million in procurement funding to upgrade the A-10 with the latest version of the satellite-based transponder known as the Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast, or ADS-B, to comply with a Federal Aviation Administration rule for the new technology, according to budget documents. In addition, the service requested $17.5 million in research and development funding to test the ADS-B Out software on the A-10 squadrons through 2022, budget documents show.   This work “extends the viability and survivability” of the aircraft, according to an Air Force spokeswoman Capt. Hope Cronin. “As long as we can continue to fund these fleets, they will be survivable and lethal.” Through the wing replacement program and maintenance work, the Air Force wants to preserve the longevity of the aircraft, potentially by doubling its life from 8,000 flight hours to 16,000 flight hours. In an interview with FlightGlobal earlier this year, then-Air Combat Commander Gen. Herbert “Hawk” Carlisle suggested new wings on the plane could keep it flying into the 2030s. Cronin couldn’t say whether this program would be expanded into future years. “This is exactly why we need long-term budget stability and flexibility — no longer reacting to make tradeoff decisions year to year,” she said. “We’re not in the position right now, but we don’t know” what could happen next year. Editor’s note: This article has been updated to reflect the total cost savings measure of an estimated $4 billion over five years.  Previous post Next post About the Author Oriana Pawlyk Oriana Pawlyk is a reporter at Military.com. She can be reached at oriana.pawlyk@military.com. Follow her on Twitter at @Oriana0214. Related Articles Air Force Mourns Likely Passing of A-10 Warthog Reversing Course, Air Force Opts to Keep A-10s in Inventory Old A-10 and New F-35 Both Win in Spending Deal Pentagon Still Pushing To Retire A-10 and Close Bases Military.com on Facebook Most Popular Posts Military Appreciation Month Military Appreciation Month Discounts Military Appreciation Month Memorial Day Memorial Day Events Appreciating Efforts and Their Ongoing Efforts Easy Way to Support Our Troops & Their Families Twitter Feed Tweets by @Militarydotcom Got a Hot Tip? Get the DoD Buzz Newsletter Twitter | Facebook Copyright Military.com 2017
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Data-sharing pack suspended between SF and Cainiao PPG scrubs attempt to buy AkzoNobel Macau rolls winning dice Biggest cruise ship in Europe sets sail Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News 72-hour air quality forecast starts from Monday Flying simulator opens for free Teacher releases original picture book Standards on bike sharing Tougher fines for polluting rivers School pulls out stops for special day Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News Mancini signs up for Zenit Choi resigns as Jiangsu coach after ACL exit Benfica goalie Ederson bound for City Narisara ahead in Beijing Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News Ferrari: 70 years of high-powered glory Free school meals help Indonesian kids stand tall City cracks down on unsafe food Volcanic rock stoves cook food and protect forests Plummy vino beauties: the beauties of Bordeaux Rich Spanish flavor at el albero Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News Women ‘movers and shakers’ discuss China at New York forum Belt and Road initiative instills hope for peace and development among nations Crisis of middle class constitution: How inequality threatens the US Seven lessons from the digital media revolution Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   You gotta love our teeming city Give with humility: it’s about what you do at the end of day, not what you ‘sacrificed’ Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News Cereal breakfast treat Why did whales grow so big, so quickly? Helping man and nature to live together ‘Baywatch’ remake raunchy, but fails War satire falls short of a classic A gritty taste of southern comfort for a night out Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: College Exam Question Triggers Debate Daimler buys into BAIC Group’s subsidiary on electric cars Bosch partners with Baidu on smart vehicles Arson suspected in China school bus incident killing 13, 5 ROK kids included Data-sharing pack suspended between SF and Cainiao Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 What Does The Strong Q1 Growth Mean For China? 中国一季度经济强势增长意味着什么？ View more » Photo Sets Auto Shanghai 2017 Dashijie is back! Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday View more » Home » Nation China urges Germany to help jumbo jet C919 get EU airworthiness certificate Source: Xinhua | 08:42 UTC+8 June 1, 2017 | Online Edition VISITING Chinese Premier Li Keqiang on Wednesday called on Germany to help China-developed large passenger plane C919 get an airworthiness certificate from the European Union. Li made the call during his talks with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin. He is on an official visit to Germany for an annual meeting between the two heads of government, a mechanism that has been in place since 2004. The twin-engine C919 made a maiden flight on May 5 in Shanghai with five crew members on board but no passengers. The success makes China the fourth jumbo jet producer after the United States, Western Europe and Russia. With a standard range of 4,075 km, the narrow-body jet is comparable with updated Airbus 320 and Boeing's new generation 737 planes, signaling the country's entry into the global aviation market. China has taken pride in developing the homegrown jumbo jet, regarding it as a symbol of national strength. In 2007, the State Council approved plans to develop a large passenger jet. In November 2015, the first C919 jet rolled off the assembly line. More than 200,000 technicians worked on the project. A total of 23 foreign and domestic customers, including China's national carrier Air China, had placed orders for 570 aircraft as of May 5, according to COMAC, the manufacturer. COMAC has to seek airworthiness certificates from domestic and foreign aviation safety regulators before making its first deliveries slated for around 2019. Airworthiness is the measure of an aircraft's suitability for safe flight. Nation <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly More pain for beleaguered taxi sector Yuan strengthens to almost 7-month high Cooler weather as flood season starts Merkel seeking progress on China deal MH flight diverted in bomb scare Police act over zebra crossings Woman Driver Caught Sitting on Husband's Lap Yuan-dollar formula facing change Former Chinese official executed following supreme court's approval China to terminate all military paid services by 2018 China succeeds in mining combustible ice in South China Sea Woman Tricked Into Pouring Coke Into ATMs To Get Cash Dash-cam Catches Mentally-ill Woman 'Faking Accident': Police Containers fall off, stranding cruise ships and passengers Nasty Night in a Restaurant Leaves Sour Taste For All <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News College Exam Question Triggers Debate Daimler buys into BAIC Group’s subsidiary on electric cars Bosch partners with Baidu on smart vehicles Arson suspected in China school bus incident killing 13, 5 ROK kids included Data-sharing pack suspended between SF and Cainiao View more » Latest Nation News Driver starts school bus blaze, killing 13 Xi offers China’s support in fight against terrorism US returns man who fled China last year Former provincial legislator sentenced for vote buying Fire put out in north China's Tianjin Port Corrupt stats chief gets life sentence View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Britain USA Germany Switerland View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Aerospace Plastics Market is expected to reach USD 1.04 million by 2025 News provided by Reportlinker 31 May, 2017, 19:47 ET Share this article NEW YORK, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Highlights ·         The global aerospace plastics market is expected to reach USD 1.04 million by 2025, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. ·         Non-corrosive nature and high-temperature resistance of plastics are expected to bolster market growth over the forecast period. ·         Growing adoption of highly durable and chemical resistant plastics are expected to drive market over the forecast period. ·         Aerospace plastics provide a high degree of freedom in the designing of complicated components of an aircraft. ·         Aerostructure segment accounted for was over 291.3 million in 2016. ·         The growing use of plastics in fuselage, airframe and other integral components of an aircraft is expected to drive segment growth over the next eight years. ·         The demand for the product in propulsion systems was over 2,847.6 tons in 2016. The utilization of the polymers in propeller systems, bearing bushes, turbines and nacelles are expected to have a positive impact on industry growth over the forecast period The global aerospace plastics market is expected to reach USD 1.04 million by 2025, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. Non-corrosive nature and high-temperature resistance of plastics are expected to bolster market growth over the forecast period. Aerospace plastics exhibit heat resistance and high strength properties. It's high modulus of elasticity aids in the production of various aircraft components such as fuselage, airframe, empennage, etc. In addition, plastics are lightweight nevertheless high-performance alternatives to metals such as steel and aluminum; as a result, the market is expected to grow significantly. Growing adoption of highly durable and chemical resistant plastics are expected to drive market over the forecast period. However, the components manufactured with the use of polymers are hard to inspect for flaws, leading to quality variations and defects. Increased incidents of plastic fracture and failure along with high maintenance, repair and operating costs are posing a threat to aerospace plastics market growth. Aerospace plastics provide a high degree of freedom in the designing of complicated components of an aircraft. As a result, the percentage of the material utilized in manufacturing commercial and military aircrafts has increased significantly over the past couple of decades, which in turn has bolstered the demand for polymers in aerospace applications. Further key findings from the report suggest: Aerostructure segment accounted for was over 291.3 million in 2016. The growing use of plastics in fuselage, airframe and other integral components of an aircraft is expected to drive segment growth over the next eight years. The demand for the product in propulsion systems was over 2,847.6 tons in 2016. The utilization of the polymers in propeller systems, bearing bushes, turbines and nacelles are expected to have a positive impact on industry growth over the forecast period Commercial & freighter aircraft accounted for the majority of the revenue share. The rapid growth in the air passenger traffic has led to the increased production of commercial aircraft, which in turn is expected to bolster the demand for the polymers North America accounted for the over 40% of the revenue share in 2016. The growing demand for commercial aircraft coupled with the presence of Boeing, a leading manufacturer of aircraft is expected to drive the demand for aerospace polymers in the region Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04899229/Aerospace-Plastics-Market-Analysis-By-Application-Aerostructure-Components-Cabin-Interiors-Propulsion-Systems-Satellites-By-End-use-And-Segment-Forecasts.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aerospace-plastics-market-is-expected-to-reach-usd-104-million-by-2025-300466740.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com 31 May, 2017, 20:03 ET Preview: Craniomaxillofacial (CMF) Devices/Systems Market is expected to reach USD 2.68 billion by 2025 31 May, 2017, 19:44 ET Preview: Fiber Optic Connector Market is expected to reach USD 5.9 billion by 2025 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 01 Jun, 2017, 14:53 ET Global Flame Retardants Market By Country, Product and Market,... 01 Jun, 2017, 14:53 ET Meat Packaging Market in the US By Product, Market and Application Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Aerospace & Defense Chemical Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Aerospace Plastics Market is expected to reach USD 1.04 million by 2025 News provided by Reportlinker 31 May, 2017, 19:47 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Scientific Method — A new contract highlights the difference between “new” and “old” space United Launch Alliance gets $27.4 million to upgrade to common avionics. Eric Berger - Jun 1, 2017 5:40 pm UTC Enlarge / An Atlas V rocket is rolled out to the launch pad in March, 2016. NASA reader comments 44 Share this story On May 15, SpaceX launched its heaviest payload ever to geosynchronous transfer orbit, a vantage point far above the Earth. Because the Inmarsat satellite weighed more than six tons, it was originally scheduled to launch on SpaceX's Falcon Heavy rocket. Back when the launch contract was signed in 2014, neither SpaceX nor Inmarsat anticipated the regular Falcon 9 rocket would have the capability to lift so much, so high. Further ReadingSpaceX completes its sixth successful launch in just four months However, since the Falcon 9 began regular flights in 2012, SpaceX has acted more like a startup company than a traditional aerospace company, making two or three major upgrades to the booster and dozens of smaller modifications designed to improve its performance. By doing so, SpaceX has essentially doubled the rocket's lift capacity. Partly as a result of this, the US military now allows SpaceX to bid for national security payload launches. SpaceX has paid for these upgrades by leveraging private investment alongside revenues from government and commercial launch contracts to improve its products. This innovative approach to the aerospace business, including the pursuit of reusability, has upended the global launch market, and it has sent competitors such as the US-based United Launch Alliance (ULA) scrambling to compete on price. Government award A day after SpaceX's Inmarsat launch last month, the US Department of Defense quietly awarded ULA an amount not to exceed $27.4 million to convert its launch vehicle from "heritage avionics to common avionics." According to the contract award, the work was to be completed by July 1, 2019 at the company's facilities in Decatur, Alabama. The avionics on board a rocket include communications, navigation, and management of multiple systems to control flight. The government award to ULA reinforces the notion that, traditionally in aerospace, the government pays for rocket upgrades. But it is also curious because of its timing—for work to be completed two years from now. Based upon information in an article written by two ULA engineers and published in Advances in the Astronautical Sciences Guidance, Navigation and Control, the avionics system has already been upgraded. Moreover, the February 5, 2016 launch of a GPS satellite for the Air Force marked the first launch of the common avionics system. Further ReadingULA executive admits company cannot compete with SpaceX on launch costs "The launch of GPS IIF-12 in February 2016 represents the culmination of several years of development work to update avionics hardware and flight software as well as simulation and test environment tools," the research article states. "Common avionics addresses the challenge of parts obsolescence any program with the longevity of (this one) must face. ULA has taken advantage of this opportunity to design and produce a more affordable solution for vehicle control that will also expand the capability of our launcher fleet." No comment In response to questions about whether ULA is, in fact, being paid for work it has already done, a spokeswoman for the company, Jessica Rye, referred Ars to the US Air Force. Because the Air Force's Space and Missile Systems Center was undergoing a change in commander in mid-May, Ars waited 10 days for an Air Force spokeswoman, Alicia Garges, to provide an explanation. For now, we have decided to publish this story without a reply. Regardless of the explanation, this unheralded contract award seems significant, if only for the reason that it illustrates how the "commercial space" industry is trying to compete with older, established aerospace firms (ULA is co-owned by Boeing and Lockheed Martin). Critics of SpaceX and other new space companies often say they are not really "commercial," nor particularly different from traditional aerospace firms, because the new companies often receive large contracts for government work such as launches. However, the type of contract matters. Typically, new space companies will invest more of their own funds and provide a service such as launching a satellite for a "fixed price." As the new ULA award shows, the "cost-plus" method of contracting remains alive and well, even in cases where it might favor one company and disadvantage a competitor in government business. Ars Science Video > Incredible discovery places humans in California 130,000 years ago Eric Berger Eric Berger is the senior space editor at Ars Technica, covering everything from astronomy to private space to wonky NASA policy. A certified meteorologist, Eric lives in Houston. Email eric.berger@arstechnica.com // Twitter @SciGuySpace reader comments 44 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints CNMN Collection WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
coventrytelegraphLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Coventry News UK & World News Business Health Crime Politics Education Motors History News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Food & Drink Things To Do ShoppingExpand Sport Latest Sport Coventry City FC Football Rugby Wasps RFC Coventry RFC Rugby League Speedway Other Sport Sport OpinionExpand Football Coventry City FC Wasps RFC Business In Your Area Coventry Warwickshire Nuneaton See all locationsExpand My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices Plus Rewards BuySell Dating Book an Ad Buy a Photo InYourArea Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2017 Trinity Mirror Midlands Home What's On Music & Nightlife Birmingham Airport What's On Air Transat announces 2018 flights from Birmingham to Canada for just £400 The award-winning Canadian leisure airline is the first airline flying from Birmingham to Canada to unveil its summer 2018 fares  Share  Comments ByJames Rodger 16:24, 1 JUN 2017 Updated20:37, 1 JUN 2017 What's On Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Air Transat has announced its summer 2018 programme of great value direct and connecting flights from Birmingham to major destinations across Canada, with return fares starting from just £403. The award-winning Canadian leisure airline is the first airline flying from Birmingham to Canada to unveil its summer 2018 (May to October) fares, enabling travellers to plan for next year whilst taking advantage of the airline’s low prices. Air Transat flies direct from Birmingham to Toronto. In-flight meals and a generous luggage allowance are included in all flights. Return economy class airfares for May to October 2018 start from £403 from Toronto, £452 from Montreal, £723 from Vancouver and £729 from Calgary. Read More Gatwick baggage system glitch sees passengers fly off without luggage Every year, Air Transat carries some three million passengers to approximately 60 destinations in 26 countries. Based in Montreal, the company employs more than 2,500 people and operates a fleet of Boeing narrow-body and Airbus wide-body jets. The airline serves the UK and Ireland with flights from London, Birmingham, Manchester, Glasgow and Dublin. To book your flights, click here. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @covtelegraph Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Birmingham Airport What's On all Most Read Most Recent CoventryCoventry MotoFest 2017: Road closures, where to park and everything else you need to know Last year was another record breaking year for Coventry Motofest as around 125,000 people visited Coronation StreetFans of Coronation Street repulsed as Bethany Platt meets young girl at sex grooming party The 16-year-old was dragged away by her fiancé Nathan after screaming at the youngster CoventryCoventry Motofest returns for biggest ever show - here are the cars and bikes you can expect One of the highlights of the festival will see organisers pay tribute to the late Sir Roger Moore Big BrotherCoventry X Factor star Bradley Hunt to enter Big Brother house alone A source close to the reality hopeful said that he's not been shy about revealing he's made the cut Birmingham AirportAir Transat announces 2018 flights from Birmingham to Canada for just £400 The award-winning Canadian leisure airline is the first airline flying from Birmingham to Canada to unveil its summer 2018 fares Stratford-on-AvonJoel Dommett announces Stratford comedy show - how to get tickets One of the UK’s most energetic and exciting comedians returns to the road with his solo show Virgin TrainsVirgin Trains launch huge flash sale - with tickets from just £5 Fares with the train operator start from just £5 for one way for travel this weekend Birmingham AirportAir Transat announces 2018 flights from Birmingham to Canada for just £400 The award-winning Canadian leisure airline is the first airline flying from Birmingham to Canada to unveil its summer 2018 fares bank holidayBP announces largest ever Nectar promotion - for this weekend only BP is here to lift the mood with TEN TIMES the usual Nectar points on fills of BP Ultimate Robbie WilliamsLittle Mix and Robbie Williams join Ariana Grande benefit concert bill The benefit concert this weekend follows the tragic events of last week Most Read Most Recent CanleyPolice comb Canley street for clues after gun shots fired Second gun incident in Coventry in space of five hours HolbrooksExtra holiday for kids as burst pipe floods Coventry primary school Year one and three pupils to get extra two days holiday after flood damages classrooms at Holbrooks Primary School CoundonRecap: Manhunt after armed robbery at Coventry Building Society; gunman being tracked by armed police and sniffer dog A tall man with a grey hat and black jacket went into the branch in Barker's Butts Lane, Coundon, and demanded cash Coventry City FCCoventry City takeover consortium leader Gary Hoffman issues statement Mr Hoffman has issued an update to supporters Coventry City FC'Up there with the best signings we could have made': Coventry City fans react to new Chris Stokes deal The Sky Blues defender has penned a two-year contract extension at the Ricoh Arena FacebookLive: Breaking news and travel from Coventry, Warwickshire and beyond on June 2 News, sport and travel updates from across the region and beyond Coventry City FCDundee confirm new manager after ex-Coventry City boss Steven Pressley tipped to land vacancy The Scot, who departed the Sky Blues in 2015, went on to manage Fleetwood Town EducationThe staggering number of Coventrians who would fail a grammar test Coventry locals performed fourth worst overall, with a pass mark of just over 62 per cent HolbrooksExtra holiday for kids as burst pipe floods Coventry primary school Year one and three pupils to get extra two days holiday after flood damages classrooms at Holbrooks Primary School Game of ThronesWhen does Game of Thrones season seven start? Plot spoilers, new cast members and more Here's everything you need to know about series 7 from spoilers, to new characters and more Top Stories HolbrooksExtra holiday for kids as burst pipe floods Coventry primary school Year one and three pupils to get extra two days holiday after flood damages classrooms at Holbrooks Primary School General Election 2017Conservative General Election candidates supported by Xenophobic rant councillor The councillor resigned from the party after the immigration rant EducationThe staggering number of Coventrians who would fail a grammar test Coventry locals performed fourth worst overall, with a pass mark of just over 62 per cent CanleyPolice comb Canley street for clues after gun shots fired Second gun incident in Coventry in space of five hours CoundonArmed robber 'with gun' holds up Coventry Building Society Police dogs were called in as officers searched for the suspect General Election 2017General Election candidate forced to deny he benefits from off shore fund The claim was made during a heated Telegraph debate BBCWill the Ariana Grande benefit concert be shown on TV? All you need to know about One Love Manchester Megastars joining the US singer on the bill include Justin Bieber, Coldplay, Miley Cyrus, Katy Perry and Pharrell Williams Jaguar Land RoverGrant for Jaguar Land Rover's Slovakian factory to be investigated The European Commission is to probe the £108m grant from the Slovakian government CrimeDriver fled from police and then crashed in two other cars The crashes happened in Bulkington and Whitestone CourtsMan admits taking cops on high-speed chase from Stratford to Coventry Jordan Bench was arrested by officers in Walsgrave NuneatonForensic officers search Nuneaton flat as part of Atherstone murder investigation Police have been seen outside the flat for more than 24 hours KenilworthMichelin star restaurant wants porter to deliver "high standards of cleanliness" The Cross scored just one star for food hygiene but hopes to regain its former four-star rating CoventryCoventry MotoFest 2017: Road closures, where to park and everything else you need to know Last year was another record breaking year for Coventry Motofest as around 125,000 people visited Coronation StreetFans of Coronation Street repulsed as Bethany Platt meets young girl at sex grooming party The 16-year-old was dragged away by her fiancé Nathan after screaming at the youngster CoventryCoventry Motofest returns for biggest ever show - here are the cars and bikes you can expect One of the highlights of the festival will see organisers pay tribute to the late Sir Roger Moore Big BrotherCoventry X Factor star Bradley Hunt to enter Big Brother house alone A source close to the reality hopeful said that he's not been shy about revealing he's made the cut Birmingham AirportAir Transat announces 2018 flights from Birmingham to Canada for just £400 The award-winning Canadian leisure airline is the first airline flying from Birmingham to Canada to unveil its summer 2018 fares BBCWill the Ariana Grande benefit concert be shown on TV? All you need to know about One Love Manchester Megastars joining the US singer on the bill include Justin Bieber, Coldplay, Miley Cyrus, Katy Perry and Pharrell Williams CoventryNew-look McDonald's opens in Coventry today - creating 30 jobs To improve the speed and ease of ordering, you now have the option to use one of four self-order kiosks CoventryThese are the road closures for Coventry MotoFest 2017 Organisers have confirmed that Coventry roads will be closed during the two-day bash Virgin TrainsVirgin Trains launch huge flash sale - with tickets from just £5 Fares with the train operator start from just £5 for one way for travel this weekend CoventryThis is the Coventry MotoFest 2017 timetable of events Organisers have been busy making this year's instalment of the popular festival the best yet CoventryWhen is Ramadan 2017 and why does the date change? If Islam isn't your religion, or not one you are familiar with, you might wonder what it's all about Coventry ShoppingQuorn sausages urgently recalled over allergy fears with shoppers warned NOT to eat them The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers Stratford-on-AvonJoel Dommett announces Stratford comedy show - how to get tickets One of the UK’s most energetic and exciting comedians returns to the road with his solo show FacebookGodiva Festival adds even more acts to 2017 lineup Last year saw a record 148,000 people flock to War Memorial Park Tom CruiseTom Cruise confirms Top Gun 2 - what you need to know The first film was released in 1986 and followed the story of Maverick AppleHow to fix 'unable to verify update' bug when downloading iOS 10.3 Here's how to update to Apple's new operating system without a headache TescoHow to save money on UK theme park tickets this half-term - including Thorpe Park, Alton Towers and Whipsnade Zoo Here's our round up of the passes offered by our most popular attractions in and around the West Midlands CoventryCoventry MotoFest offering visitors circuit laps in Jaguar F-type The Jaguar Experience at Motofest celebrates the marque’s long associations with the city Pubs in CoventryLook: 10 great canalside pubs in Coventry and Warwickshire to enjoy the heatwave Summer is here - so have an ice-cold pint at one of our region's most unique pubs... CoventryThis is where to park for Coventry MotoFest 2017 Make sure you get here early, and soak up all the offerings that MotoFest organisers are promising News What's On Sport Football Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram InYourArea Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2017 Trinity Mirror Midlands This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay close Breaking news
Executive Mosaic GovCon Wire ExecutiveBiz GovCon Executive GovCon Exec Magazine POC Executive Gov Latest News Acquisition & Procurement Civilian Agencies Defense & National Security Technology Health IT Profiles About Us Contact Us Home / Defense & National Security / Air Force Tests Boeing-Developed Aircraft Refueling Tanker to Ensure Compliance with FAA Requirements Air Force Tests Boeing-Developed Aircraft Refueling Tanker to Ensure Compliance with FAA Requirements Scott Nicholas June 1, 2017 Defense & National Security, Latest News 1 Views The U.S. Air Force has begun tests on a Boeing-built aerial refueling tanker to validate the aircraft’s capacity to meet Federal Aviation Administration certification requirements. The service branch said Tuesday the KC-46A will undergo tests at the Benefield Anechoic Facility within the Edwards Air Force Base in California to evaluate the platform’s compliance with Defense Department electromagnetic environmental effects requirements. The tests will evaluate the system’s shield effectiveness, capacity to moderate emission and perform missions in radiated fields. The report noted that the tests will also help ensure that the KC-46A does not experience performance degradation which may impact mission outcomes. BAF houses the world’s largest anechoic chamber which can offer an environment for electronic warfare tests on most aircraft without interference from outside sources. The test team at BAF include Boeing, the 418th Flight Test Squadron, the 772nd Test Squadron and the Naval Surface Warfare Center Dahlgren Division. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags 418th Flight Test Squadron 772nd Tests Squadron Air Force Benefield Anechoic Facility Boeing Defense Department DoD Edwards Air Force Base FAA featured Federal Aviation Administration govcon KC-46A Naval Surface Warfare Center Related Articles GSA 18F Helps Update FEC’s Website June 1, 2017 Vice Adm. Joseph Rixey to Retire as DSCA Director June 1, 2017 Report: DoD Eyes Potential C-32A Transport Aircraft Replacement June 1, 2017 Check Also GAO: MDA Should Ramp Up Transparency With Ballistic Missile Defense Test Schedule, Costs The Government Accountability Office has called on the Missile Defense Agency to address transparency issues with its … Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Newsletter Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Recent Posts Air Force Tests Boeing-Developed Aircraft Refueling Tanker to Ensure Compliance with FAA Requirements GSA 18F Helps Update FEC’s Website Vice Adm. Joseph Rixey to Retire as DSCA Director Report: DoD Eyes Potential C-32A Transport Aircraft Replacement GAO: MDA Should Ramp Up Transparency With Ballistic Missile Defense Test Schedule, Costs Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 GovConWire Parsons to Provide Construction, Program Mgmt Support to NNSA; Carey Smith Comments DXC to Provide PIV Services, USAccess Support Under $150M GSA Deal; Marilyn Crouther Comments CACI Hires Former Lockheed, BAE Exec as President of US Operations; Ken Asbury Comments CACI Unveils Expanded COO Role for John Mengucci; Ken Asbury Comments Unisys Federal Names BD Executive for DHS Programs; PV Puvvada Comments SAIC to Provide IT Services to EPA Under $320M Task Order; Bob Genter Comments AT&T Secures $119M GSA Task Order for Updates to CDC Comms Systems; Mike Leff Comments Jacobs Secures $130M Contract to Support Army Electronic Proving Ground; Darren Kraabel Comments SAP NS2’s Mark Testoni Urges Better Protection, Management of Legacy Systems Fortinet Names Former NSA, Commerce Officials as Directors for Newly Launched Federal Business Sponsor About ExecutiveGov ExecutiveGov, published by Executive Mosaic, is a site dedicated to the news and headlines in the federal government. ExecutiveGov serves as a news source for the hot topics and issues facing federal government departments and agencies such as Gov 2.0, cybersecurity policy, health IT, green IT and national security. We also aim to spotlight various federal government employees and interview key government executives whose impact resonates beyond their agency. ExecutiveBiz Parsons to Provide Construction, Program Mgmt Support to NNSA; Carey Smith Comments DXC to Provide PIV Services, USAccess Support Under $150M GSA Deal; Marilyn Crouther Comments CACI Hires Former Lockheed, BAE Exec as President of US Operations; Ken Asbury Comments CACI Unveils Expanded COO Role for John Mengucci; Ken Asbury Comments Unisys Federal Names BD Executive for DHS Programs; PV Puvvada Comments SAIC to Provide IT Services to EPA Under $320M Task Order; Bob Genter Comments @Follow Me .@TSA orders additional @SmithsDetection-built explosive detectors #GovCon https://t.co/O5Ztc0LQed27 mins ago .@CubicCorp breaks ground on expanded facility in Huntsville, Alabama #GovCon https://t.co/7fYk98Fjg51 hour ago Report: @DHSgov scraps $1.5B agile devt support contract vehicle #GovCon https://t.co/6H4Z2R3wge2 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved
Politics World ASEAN Society Business Culture - Sports Sci-Tech Health Environment Travel Destinations Festival Tours Discovery Vietnamplus Search × Categories Politics World ASEAN Society Business Culture - Sports Sci-Tech Health Environment Travel Destinations Festival Tours Media Center Photo Video Timeline Friday, June 02, 2017 - 14:06:42 Thang Long - Hanoi Fatherland Sea & Islands Tiếng Việt  |  English  |  Français  |  Español  |  中文 Business US investors continue to pour capital into Vietnam VNA Thursday, June 01, 2017 - 15:07:00 Print Coca-Cola is expanding business in Vietnam (Photo: baodautu.vn) Hanoi (VNA) – Renowned US corporations like Uber, Coca-Cola, Exxon Mobil, Cargil and Pfizer are expanding their business in Vietnam, contributing to Vietnam’s export growth. Thanks to sound relations between the two countries and Vietnam’s improved business climate, many US enterprises have signed contracts with Vietnamese firms to pour additional capital into oil and gas, information and technology, cattle feed and electronics. Cargill Vietnam Company Limited is rushing to extend its operation in the country beyond its successful animal feed business. By the end of this year, the company will open a warehouse valued at 10 million USD in Phu My port, the southern province of Ba Ria-Vung Tau. It also plans to work with the Ministry of Transport on a port investment project in the north to increase its presence in Vietnam. Meanwhile, Dow Chemical Company, the US’s leading chemical corporation, is planning to branch out its operation this year, revealed the Country Manager Tomoyuki Sasama in a meeting with Minister of Planning and Investment Nguyen Chi Dung. Dow Chemical has worked with Vietnamese enterprises in the fields of agricultural chemical, biology and services, Sasama said, adding that with long-term investment, the company is ready to support Vietnam to set up a national chemical portfolio for research and development. Dow Chemical has market capitalisation value of 60 billion USD and produce chemicals in 35 countries and territories and employs 53,000 workers. Besides, casinos and other forms of entertainment are expected to lure additional US capital. Time Warner, Inc, the world’s leading mass media and entertainment conglomerate, is seeking opportunities to invest in Vietnam. In a survey conducted by the American Chamber of Commerce in Vietnam on 100 US companies in Vietnam, 72 percent of the firms affirmed that Vietnam’s business climate has improved, higher than the figure in Myanmar (70 percent), Malaysia (23 percent), Thailand (22 percent) and Brunei (16 percent). Vietnam’s key business sectors feature US companies, including Exxon Mobil and Chevron in oil and gas field, Boeing, ADC-HAS Airport in aviation, Microsoft, Intel, Apple and HP in information and technology and General Electric, General Atlantis and AES in electric appliances. Statistics showed that US enterprises have 834 projects with total registered capital of 10.2 billion USD in Vietnam, with the US the ninth largest investor among 116 countries and territories in Vietnam.- VNA Related News Business US investment flow into Vietnam opens up new opportunities Business Vietnam consistent in enhancing trade ties with US Politics Prime Minister welcomes US trade representative Business Vietnam to be US firms’ target market in 2017: Amcham survey Renowned US corporations business expand improved business climate Cargill Vietnam Company Limited Dow Chemical Company Time Warner United States Your comments about this article ... Submit Cancel Most Popular 28/05/2017 Business Power sector seeks way to go green over power shortage 31/05/2017 Business Vietnam, US hold trade meeting in Washington 27/05/2017 Business Vietnam develops links to global distributors Others 01/06/2017 Vietnam’s imports from Canada surge, exports barely budge in Q1 01/06/2017 More export doors for Vietnamese goods 01/06/2017 Experts praise VN dairy industry’s potential 01/06/2017 Vietjet asked to open new flights from Thanh Hoa 01/06/2017 WB adopts Country Partnership Strategy framework with Vietnam 01/06/2017 Hai Phong maintains second place in administrative reform 01/06/2017 Hanoi Goods Week 2017 to take place in Japan 01/06/2017 Investors lose confidence, sell up Intellectual Property Terms Of Use RSS Support Languages VNA News Service Advertisement Contact © Copyright, VietnamPlus, Vietnam News Agency (VNA). Editor-in-chief, Mr. Le Quoc Minh. Licence No. 1374/GP-BTTTT dated September 11, 2008 by the Ministry of Information and Communications. Tel: (+84 4) 3941.1349 - Fax: (+84 4) 3941.1348 - Email: vietnamplus@vnanet.vn POWERED BY
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Air Lease Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News PolyOne Co. (POL) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.66 Per Share Akzo Nobel (AKZOY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research BAYER MOTOREN WERK EUR1 (BAMXF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Danone SA (DANOY) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Arkema S.A. (ARKAY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) PT Lowered to $6.00 at Mizuho Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Apple Inc. (AAPL) Qiagen NV (QGEN) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG AnaptysBio Inc (ANAB) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research DA Davidson Comments on Antero Midstream Partners LP’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AM) Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Given a $116.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts Wi-Lan Inc (WILN) Cut to D+ at TheStreet Grupo Simec SAB de CV (SIM) Upgraded at TheStreet Preferred Apartment Communities Inc. (APTS) PT Set at $15.00 by FBR & Co Advanced Accelerator Application SA (AAAP) Given a $47.00 Price Target by Canaccord Genuity Analysts PS Business Parks Inc (PSB) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Air Lease Corp (AL) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Air Lease Corp (NYSE:AL) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “Air Lease Corporation is an aircraft leasing company principally engaged in purchasing commercial aircraft and leasing to airlines around the world. The Company provides leasing services in Asia, the Pacific Rim, Latin America, the Middle East and Eastern Europe. Air Lease Corporation is based in Los Angeles, California. “ Several other research analysts have also weighed in on AL. FBR & Co lowered their price objective on Air Lease Corp from $47.00 to $45.00 and set an “outperform” rating for the company in a research report on Monday, May 15th. Cowen and Company raised their target price on Air Lease Corp from $37.00 to $41.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “buy” rating on shares of Air Lease Corp in a research note on Monday, May 15th. Finally, Morgan Stanley downgraded Air Lease Corp from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and raised their target price for the company from $40.00 to $42.00 in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. Air Lease Corp has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $44.33. Air Lease Corp (AL) opened at 36.92 on Tuesday. The company has a market capitalization of $3.81 billion, a P/E ratio of 10.99 and a beta of 1.60. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $37.09 and a 200-day moving average price of $36.97. Air Lease Corp has a 52 week low of $24.49 and a 52 week high of $40.24. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, July 11th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, June 14th will be paid a $0.075 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, June 12th. This represents a $0.30 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.81%. Air Lease Corp’s dividend payout ratio is presently 9.12%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Air Lease Corp (AL) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/air-lease-corp-al-stock-rating-lowered-by-zacks-investment-research.html. In other news, EVP Jie Chen sold 30,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $39.14, for a total value of $1,174,200.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 280,341 shares in the company, valued at approximately $10,972,546.74. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, EVP John D. Poerschke sold 3,959 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.09, for a total value of $154,757.31. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 48,140 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,881,792.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 35,959 shares of company stock valued at $1,404,957. 9.45% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of AL. Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd purchased a new stake in shares of Air Lease Corp during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $316,000. Royce & Associates LP increased its position in Air Lease Corp by 5.4% in the fourth quarter. Royce & Associates LP now owns 1,909,500 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $65,553,000 after buying an additional 98,679 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its position in Air Lease Corp by 5.7% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 4,394,135 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $150,853,000 after buying an additional 235,094 shares during the period. Cipher Capital LP increased its position in Air Lease Corp by 18.2% in the fourth quarter. Cipher Capital LP now owns 161,207 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $5,535,000 after buying an additional 24,770 shares during the period. Finally, Clark Capital Management Group Inc. increased its position in Air Lease Corp by 13.6% in the fourth quarter. Clark Capital Management Group Inc. now owns 220,212 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $7,560,000 after buying an additional 26,383 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 90.06% of the company’s stock. Air Lease Corp Company Profile Air Lease Corporation is an aircraft leasing company. The Company is principally engaged in purchasing new commercial jet transport aircraft directly from aircraft manufacturers, such as The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Airbus SAS. (Airbus), and leasing those aircraft to airlines across the world. Along with its leasing activities, the Company sells aircraft from its operating lease portfolio to third parties, including other leasing companies, financial services companies and airlines. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Air Lease Corp (AL) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Air Lease Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Close ULA layoffs raise questions on Harlingen operations - Brownsville Herald: Valley Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 80° Scattered Clouds Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest Lucio discusses mental health bill for inmates Senate Bill 1849, which will protect inmates with mental illness from possibly hurting themselves and give officers the proper training to deal with those types of inmates, is awaiting Texas Gov. Greg Abbott’s signature. Posted: June 01 rss Texas News Decommissioned USS Independence to be towed to Texas Winning numbers drawn in 'Triple Chance' game Winning numbers drawn in 'All or Nothing Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily 4 Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Two Step' game Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Ex-Penn State officials face sentencing in Sandusky scandal AP New! HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) — Former Penn State President Graham Spanier and two other former school administrators are to be sentenced Friday on charges of child endangerment for failing to report a 2001 allegation about Jerry Sandusky to authorities in a child sex abuse scandal that first broke more than five years ago. Posted: June 01 General News, Sports, Child Abuse More From The Latest Curry, Durant power Warriors past Cavs in Game 1, 113-91 Pendley's 3-run homer helps Oklahoma top Baylor 6-3 in WCWS Defense fails Cavs in 113-91 Game 1 loss in NBA Finals The Latest: Warriors roll to 113-91 win vs. Cavs in Game 1 Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Puzzles Comics Kingdom Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory Careers Don't Miss: MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Community Calendar All Valley Sports Awards Banquet Tickets Home News Valley ULA layoffs raise questions on Harlingen operations Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next David Pike/Valley Morning Star ULA A technician with United Launch Alliance does some fine work on an exterior part of a rocket. Buy this photo Posted: Wednesday, May 31, 2017 10:20 pm ULA layoffs raise questions on Harlingen operations By RICK KELLEY Staff Writer Brownsville Herald HARLINGEN — Space company United Launch Alliance has issued layoff notices to dozens of workers at its local facility, raising questions about how long the rocket-engine production site will operate in Harlingen. Officials with United Auto Workers Local 2346 confirmed 26 union workers at the facility at ValleyInternationalAirport will be laid off today. They also said 17 non-bargaining unit employees in management would be let go as well, leaving about 75 workers at the facility. “Any layoff is tough,” said Juan Silva, president of Local 2346. “On the union side, they understand because we go by seniority and they’ve pretty much accepted it already. “But nonetheless, it’s not a good sight,” Silva said Wednesday. The Harlingen facility’s specialty, the Atlas launch vehicle, has been a true workhorse for the company since its inception in 2002. But ULA is transitioning to the new Vulcan launch vehicle, and most Vulcan production work apparently will go to the ULA facility in Decatur, Alabama. “Harlingen basically builds products for only one rocket — the Atlas rocket,” said Donald Mac Tavish, bargaining unit chairman for Local 2346. “The other facilities at ULA build Atlas and Delta rockets, and they’re going to be building the new missile — the Vulcan. “This is supposed to be far more competitive price-wise with the competition. But they have informed us on three occasions that we will not be getting any of that work.” Emails and phone calls to ULA headquarters in Colorado were not answered Wednesday. ULA has been buffeted by the sudden competitiveness of the space launch industry, with Elon Musk’s SpaceX undercutting what ULA charges for launches. Another competitor, Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin, announced in March it had signed its first customer — commercial satellite operator Eutelsat — for its New Glenn launch vehicle. Although widely recognized for reliability and its safety record, ULA executives last year admitted their firm could not match the launch prices of SpaceX. The cost of a ULA launch to customers was a minimum of $125 million per launch but usually closer to $200 million, ULA executives said then. By contrast, SpaceX has been launching payloads as low as $60 million per launch. Tory Bruno, ULA’s chief executive, has said his company hoped to reduce its costs to sell $99 million launches, and part of that savings would come from significantly reducing its workforce. In April 2016, Bruno said the company likely would cut its workforce by 374 jobs in 2016 and another 400 to 500 employees in 2017. Local union officials said while management employees let go in Harlingen will be receiving severance packages, bargaining unit employees did not have that option. “They’re just getting laid off, and they will be getting unemployment,” Mac Tavish said. “It’s very unfortunate, because I know they’re going to have a very hard time finding a job here with the same benefits and pay scale,” he added. It appears the loss of nearly 50 employees at the Harlingen facility also leaves ULA in violation of financial incentive agreements it signed with the Harlingen Economic Development Corp. In March, HEDC chief executive officer Raudel Garza announced the economic development agency had approved $150,000 for ULA after it met 2016 employment goals agreed upon with the city. Garza said Wednesday the minimum number of jobs required for ULA to meet its part of the agreement was 125 full-time equivalent employees. “Yes, it is sad, but unfortunately it wasn’t totally unexpected since they announced that there would be layoffs company-wide some time ago,” Garza said. “Like any other entity that enters into a development agreement with us, they are expected to live up to their obligations in order to earn the incentives,” he added. “Failure to meet the goals usually means that they will not be eligible to receive incentives. “Our hope is that they approach us with a new idea related to their future growth.” The ULA facility is one of the cornerstones of ValleyInternationalAirport’s Aerotropolis project. “Of course we are disappointed with the layoffs, however, we are hopeful that ULA will continue to see an economic benefit in the Harlingen facility as they develop the new Vulcan rocket,” said Marv Easterly, director of aviation for VIA. United Launch Alliance has been in Harlingen since its inception in December 2006, when Lockheed Martin Corp. and The Boeing Co. established the joint venture. The company employs a total of 3,000 people. ULA also has been hurt financially by the loss of its 10-year monopoly on space launches for the U.S. military. Last year, military leaders for the first time granted SpaceX the right to bid on and launch military satellites. SpaceX’s first military contract will put a global positioning system satellite into orbit for the U.S. Air Force in May 2018. The fixed launch cost of $82.7 million is for a Falcon 9 rocket, spacecraft integration, launch operations and spaceflight certification.  Discuss Print Posted in Local News on Wednesday, May 31, 2017 10:20 pm. Custom Search Site Web tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Popular Commented Facebook Activity Stories NWS: Heavy rainfall expected tonight 100 year sentence for Valley man who sexually abused child Suspect charged in death of home health care provider Five arrested in downtown prostitution sting USS Independence nears end of 16,000-mile trip More Photos More Videos More tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes Los Fresnos Brick house for rent. 3 Bdrm 2 full posted: June 01 2 Bedroom 2 Bath in Pharr Plantation. $600 mo. +$300 posted: June 01 3/2/2 Home for sale in Sharyland Planation Paseo Lindo Sub. $155 posted: June 01 More Homes Cars 2006 Suzuki GS 500, Blue Color, 24,300 miles. Call for Updated: Yesterday '13 Dodge Durango SXT Black, 3.6L V6 5-Speed, Auto. $18,500 Updated: Yesterday 09 Ford Fusion SEL $6,900 OBO, 59K miles, 1 owner $6,900 posted: June 01 More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate Buying a Home: How to Know How High t... 5 steps that can improve your credit ... Brandpoint (BPT) 7 'little' upgrades that can mean a l... Brandpoint (BPT) A smarter way to buy a home Brandpoint (BPT) 10 tips to save money, cut stress whe... Brandpoint (BPT) Want to catch homebuyers' eyes? Follo... Brandpoint (BPT) How to use color psychology to influe... Brandpoint (BPT) Easy DIY projects to prepare your hom... Brandpoint (BPT) Black is the new black: Black makes a... Brandpoint (BPT) 2017 Homebuyer Insights Report [Infog... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
NCAA NFL MLB Recruiting More Sports Fantasy Military Fishing Hunting Living Membership Tickets App Teams NCAA Football HQ FB Recruiting NCAA Basketball HQ BK Recruiting Tailgating Teams NFL HQ Draft Rankings Fantasy Tailgating Teams MLB HQ Transactions Scouting Top Prospects FB Recruiting HQ FB Prospects FB Commits FB Team Rankings JC Football BK Recruiting HQ BK Prospects BK Commits BK Team Rankings High School Sports NBA Golf Cleveland Sports Rankings Fantasy HQ Tools Daily Fantasy Forums Play Join Warrior The latest news and tech from the field of combat. North American Fisherman Fishing news and video from NAF. Wired2Fish Gear reviews, guides, and how-to videos for serious anglers. Fishhound Tracking all things fishing...all the time. North American Hunter Hunting news, video, and gear reviews from NAH. Gear News and reviews on the hottest gear, fastest cars, and latest tech. Build Gear reviews and how-to guides for the handyman. Tailgate Recipes, games, and guides for American's fastest-growing sport. Garden Tips and tricks for landscaping and lawn care. Cook Recipes and tutorial videos. SCOUT Sign In Share & Embed Air Force Plans to Engineer New F-22 Sensor Targeting Technology Scout Warrior Wednesday at 7:47 PM / Originally published onWarrior The F-22 upgrade allows full functionality for the AIM-120D and AIM-9X Air-to-Air missiles as well as enhanced Air-to-Surface target location capabilities. The Air Force is in the early phases of designing new sensors for its stealthy 5th-generation F-22 Raptor as it proceeds with software upgrades, hardware adjustments, new antennas and data link improvements designed to better enable to connect the F-22 and F-35 sensor packages to one another, industry officials explained.   Sensor interoperability, two-way data links and other kinds of technical integration between the two 5th-Gen stealth aircraft are considered key to an Air Force combat strategy which intends for the F-22 speed and air-to-air combat supremacy to complement and work in tandem with the F-35's next-gen sensors, precision-attack technology, computers and multi-role fighting mission ability. "The F-22 is designed to fly in concert with F-35. Software Update 6 for the F-22 will give the Air Force a chance to link their sensor packages together. Sensors are a key component to its capability. As the F-22 gets its new weapons on board – you are going to need to upgrade the sensors to use the new weapons capability," John Cottam, F-22 Program Deputy, Lockheed Martin Aeronautics, told Scout Warrior in an interview.  While the F-35 is engineered with dog-fighting abilities, its advanced sensor technology is intended to recognize enemy threats at much further distances - enabling earlier, longer-range attacks to destroy enemies in the air. Such technologies, which include 360-degree sensors known as Northrop Grumman's Distributed Aperture System and a long range Electro-Optical Targeting System, are designed to give the F-35 an ability to destroy targets at much longer ranges - therefore precluding the need to dogfight.  Like the F-35, the latest F-22s have radar (Synthetic Aperture Radar) and data-links (F-22 has LINK 16), radar warning receivers and targeting technologies. Being that the F-22 is regarded as the world's best air-to-air platform, an ability for an F-35 and F-22 to more quickly exchange sensor information such as targeting data would produce a potentially unprecedented battlefield advantage, industry developers and Air Force senior leaders have explained. The combined impact of each of the airplanes respective technological advantages makes for an unrivaled air-combat supremacy, observers have argued.  For example, either of the aircraft could use stealth technology to penetrate enemy airspace and destroy air defense systems. Once a safe air corridor is established for further attacks, an F-22 could maintain or ensure continued air supremacy while an F-35 conducted close-air-support ground attacks or pursued ISR missions with its drone-like video-surveillance technology. Additionally, either platform could identify targets for the other, drawing upon the strengths of each.  Conversely, an F-35 could use its long-range sensors and "sensor fusion" to identify airborne targets which the F-22 may be best suited to attack.  Air Force developers are, quite naturally, acutely aware of the Chinese J-20 stealth fighter and Russia's PAK-FA T-50 stealth aircraft as evidence that the US will need to work vigorously to sustain its technological edge. Along these lines, both the F-22 and F-35 are engineered to draw from "mission data files," described as on-board libraries storing information on known threats in particular geographical locations. This database is integrated into a radar warning receiver so that aircraft have the earliest possible indication of the threats they are seeing.  Air Force officials have told Scout Warrior that, by 2019, the service will begin upgrading F-22 functionality for the AIM-120D and AIM-9X Air-to-Air missiles as well as enhanced Air-to-Surface target location capabilities. The F-22 currently carries the AIM-9X Block 1 and the current upgrade will enable carriage of AIM-9X Block 2. Raytheon AIM-9X weapons developers explain that the Block 2 variant adds a redesigned fuze and a digital ignition safety device that enhances ground handling and in-flight safety. Block II also features updated electronics that enable significant enhancements, including lock-on-after-launch capability using a new weapon datalink to support beyond visual range engagements, a Raytheon statement said.  Another part of the weapons upgrade includes engineering the F-22 to fire the AIM-120D, a beyond visual range Advanced Medium-Range Air-to-Air Missile (AMRAAM), designed for all weather day-and-night attacks; it is a "fire and forget" missile with active transmit radar guidance, Raytheon data states. The AIM-120D is built with upgrades to previous AMRAAM missiles by increasing attack range, GPS navigation, inertial measurment units and a two-way data link, Raytheon statements explain.  As the Air Force and Lockheed Martin move forward with weapons envelope expansions and enhancements for the F-22, there is of course a commensurate need to upgrade software and its on-board sensors to adjust to emerging future threats, industry developers explained. Ultimately, this effort will lead the Air Force to draft up requirements for new F-22 sensors.  Cottam also explained that the House and Senate have directed the Air Force to look at two different potential sensor upgrades for the F-22, an effort the service is now in the conceptual phase of exploring.  "A sensor enhancement program is now being configured. We do not know what that is going to entail because it is not yet funded by the Air Force and we have not seen a requirements documents," Cottam said. "Threats in the world are always evolving so we need to evolve this plane as well." An essential software adjustment, called “Update 6,” is now being worked on by Lockheed Martin engineers on contract with the Air Force. Work on the software is slated to be finished by 2020, Cottam added.   A hardware portion of the upgrades, called a “tactical mandate,” involves engineering new antennas specifically designed to preserve the stealth configuration of the F-22.  “New antennas have to be first constructed. They will be retrofitted onto the airplane. Because of the stealth configuration putting, antennas on is difficult and time consuming,” Cottam said. Meanwhile, the Air Force is performing key maintenance on the F-22 Raptor's stealth materials while upgrading the stealth fighter with new attack weapons to include improved air-to-air and air-to-surface strike technology, service officials said.  The AIM-120D also includes improved High-Angle Off-Boresight technology enabling the weapon to destroy targets at a wider range of angles.  Additional upgrades to the stealth fighter, slated for 2021, are designed to better enable digital communications via data links with 4th and 5th generation airplanes.  "The backbone of this upgrade also includes the installation of an open systems architecture that will allow for future upgrades to be done faster and at less expense than could be previously accomplished," 1st Lt. Carrie J. Volpe, Action Officer, Air Combat Command Public Affair, Joint Base Langley-Eustis, Va., told Scout Warrior.    Stealth Coating Maintenance The Air Force has contracted Lockheed Martin to perform essential maintenance to the F-22's low-observable stealth coating to ensure it is equipped to manage fast-emerging threats. Lockheed Martin completed the first F-22 Raptor at the company’s Inlet Coating Repair (ICR) Speedline, a company statement said.  "Periodic maintenance is required to maintain the special exterior coatings that contribute to the 5th Generation Raptor’s Very Low Observable radar cross-section," Lockheed stated.  The increase in F-22 deployments, including ongoing operational combat missions, has increased the demand for ICR. Additionally, Lockheed Martin is providing modification support services, analytical condition inspections, radar cross section turntable support and antenna calibration. F-22 Attack & Supercruise Technology  At the moment, targeting information from drones is relayed from the ground station back up to an F-22.  However, computer algorithms and technology is fast evolving such that aircraft like an F-22s will soon be able to quickly view drone video feeds in the cockpit without needing a ground station -- and eventually be able to control nearby drones from the air. These developments were highlighted in a special Scout Warrior interview with Air Force Chief Scientist Greg Zacharias.  U.S. Air Force Zacharias explained that fifth generation fighters such as the F-35 and F-22 are quickly approaching an ability to command-and-control nearby drones from the air. This would allow unmanned systems to deliver payload, test enemy air defenses and potentially extend the reach of ISR missions. Newer F-22s have a technology called Synthetic Aperture Radar, or SAR, which uses electromagnetic signals or “pings” to deliver a picture or rendering of the terrain below, allow for better target identification. The SAR technology sends a ping to the ground and then analyzes the return signal to calculate the contours, distance and characteristics of the ground below. Overall, the Air Force operates somewhere between 80 and 100 or more F-22s. Dave Majumdar of The National Interest writes that many would like to see more F-22s added to the Air Force arsenal. (Story HERE). For instance, some members of Congress, such as former Rep. Randy Forbes, R-Va., have requested that more F-22s be built, given its technological superiority.  Citing budget concerns, Air Force officials have said it is unlikely the service will want to build new F-22s, however it is possible the Trump administration could want to change that.  F-22 Technologies The F-22 is known for a range of technologies including an ability called “super cruise” which enables the fighter to reach speeds of Mach 1.5 without needing to turn on its after burners. “The F-22 engines produce more thrust than any current fighter engine. The combination of sleek aerodynamic design and increased thrust allows the F-22 to cruise at supersonic airspeeds. Super Cruise greatly expands the F-22’s operating envelope in both speed and range over current fighters, which must use fuel-consuming afterburner to operate at supersonic speeds,” Col. Larry Broadwell, the Commander of the 1st Operations Group at Joint Base Langley-Eustis, Virginia, told Scout Warrior in a special pilot interview last year.  The fighter jet fires a 20mm cannon and has the ability to carry and fire all the air-to-air and air-to-ground weapons including precision-guided ground bombs, such Joint Direct Attack Munitions called the GBU 32 and GBU 39, Broadwell explained. In the air-to-air configuration the Raptor carries six AIM-120 AMRAAMs and two AIM-9 Sidewinders, he added. “The F-22 possesses a sophisticated sensor suite allowing the pilot to track, identify, shoot and kill air-to-air threats before being detected. Significant advances in cockpit design and sensor fusion improve the pilot's situational awareness,” he said. It also uses what’s called a radar-warning receiver – a technology which uses an updateable data base called “mission data files” to recognize a wide-range of enemy fighters, Broadwell said. Made by Lockheed Martin and Boeing, the F-22 uses two Pratt & Whitney F119-PW-100 turbofan engines with afterburners and two-dimensional thrust vectoring nozzles, an Air Force statement said.  It is 16-feet tall, 62-feet long and weighs 43,340 pounds. Its maximum take-off weight is 83,500. The aircraft was first introduced in December of 2005, and each plane costs $143 million, Air Force statements say. “Its greatest asset is the ability to target attack and kill an enemy without the enemy ever being aware they are there,” Broadwell added. The Air Force’s stealthy F-22 Raptor fighter jet delivered some of the first strikes in the U.S.-led attacks on the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, when aerial bombing began in 2014, service officials told Scout Warrior. After delivering some of the first strikes in the U.S. Coalition-led military action against ISIS, the F-22 began to shift its focus from an air-dominance mission to one more focused on supporting attacks on the ground. "An F-22 squadron led the first strike in OIR (Operation Inherent Resolve). The aircraft made historic contributions in the air-to-ground regime,” he added.  Even though ISIS does not have sophisticated air defenses or fighter jets of their own to challenge the F-22, there are still impactful ways in which the F-22 continues to greatly help the ongoing attacks, Broadwell said. “There are no issues with the air superiority mission. That is the first thing they focus on. After that, they can transition to what they have been doing over the last several months and that has been figuring out innovative ways to contribute in the air-to-ground regime to support the coalition,” Broadwell said. Kris Osborn can be reached at Kris.Osborn@Scout.com. To Ask Military Expert KRIS OSBORN Questions, VISIT THE WARRIOR FORUMS. Some background portions of this report appeared in a previous Scout Warrior article     Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout No. 8 ATH Is on Board With the Florida Gators Former 5-star DB to transfer from LSU Cardinals Release Reliever Broxton, Add Gant 4-star QB Justin Rogers commits to TCU Air Force F-22 Will Get New Targeting Sensors Scout Top Stories Breaking News No. 8 ATH Is on Board With the Florida GatorsCoach Jim McElwain and the Florida Gators just scooped up a commitment from one of the nation's premier athletes in Amari Burney, a product of Clearwater (Fla.) Calvary Christian. by Corey Bender Scout FootballYesterday at 4:44 AM Breaking News Former 5-star DB to transfer from LSULSU sophomore defensive back Saivion Smith announced on Wednesday that he will transfer from LSU. by Billy Embody Tiger BlitzWednesday at 5:47 PM Breaking News 4-star QB Justin Rogers commits to TCU2018 Bossier City (La.) Parkway quarterback Justin Rogers has committed to TCU over LSU and North Carolina. by Billy Embody Tiger BlitzWednesday at 4:10 PM Former Pac-12 QB Is Back On the MarketFormer Cal quarterback Max Gilliam is back on the market after receiving his unconditional release from the Bears late last week. by Greg Biggins Scout FootballWednesday at 3:38 PM Jacobi Gordon Becomes Cal's First 2018 CommitFour-star Texas wing Jacobi Gordon became the first member of California's 2018 recruiting class after an unofficial visit on Tuesday. by Ryan Gorcey BearTerritory.netWednesday at 2:43 PM Paddletail Swimbait Tweaks for More BassThese quick tips will help you fish paddletail swimbaits for bass in deep water more effectively and efficiently. by David A. Brown Wired2FishWednesday at 10:17 PM 4-star WR Turner is a HokieFour-star Greensboro (N.C.) Northwest Guilford wide receiver Tre Turner is headed to Virginia Tech. by Michael Clark Scout FootballWednesday at 6:01 PM Cardinals Release Reliever Broxton, Add GantThe St. Louis Cardinals have released struggling relief pitcher Jonathan Broxton and promoted pitcher John Gant from Triple-A Memphis. by St. Louis Cardinals press release The Cardinal NationWednesday at 5:12 PM 5 Times the A-10 Saved Lives in CombatThe A-10 earned this reputation under fire. Here are five times that A-10 Warthogs saved the day for troops in contact and pilots lost behind enemy lines: by We Are the Mighty WarriorWednesday at 10:14 AM 2017 Fantasy Football PrimerAre you ready for the 2017 Fantasy Football season? It can't come soon enough, right? This page is a hub where we both want to look forward towards 2017 but also look back at 2016. by SCOUT Fantasy Staff Scout FantasyWednesday at 9:22 AMLoad More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets CBS Sports Sign In Sign Up 247 SportsCBS Sports Digital Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Careers © 2017 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
