  TVNZ OnDemand 1 NEWS NOW   News Latest New Zealand World Entertainment Sport Latest Rugby League Football Netball Cricket Basketball Golf Tennis Other Sport weather live streams send us your story 1 NEWS team follow us News Sport Weather ° / ° North Island Auckland Dannevirke Dargaville Gisborne Hamilton Hastings Kaitaia Levin Masterton Napier New Plymouth Paihia Palmerston North Paraparaumu Rotorua Taumarunui Taupo Tauranga Te Kuiti Thames Tokoroa Whanganui Wellington Whakatane Whangarei South Island Alexandra Ashburton Blenheim Christchurch Dunedin Gore Greymouth Hokitika Invercargill Kaikoura Motueka Nelson Oamaru Queenstown Reefton Timaru Wanaka Westport Latest New Zealand World Entertainment World Watch: Next-generation Boeing and Airbus planes take to the skies on the same day share         Source: Saturday proved to be an important day for the international aviation industry with Boeing and Airbus both conducting first test flights of new passenger planes. The Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner is claimed to be economic to operate while offering more room for passengers. Source: Boeing In the US Boeing's 787-10 Dreamliner, designed for long-haul flights, took to the skies from North Charleston, South Carolina for an hour-long test flight. "This is a big big milestone for us and our customers,"  Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenberg is quoted as saying by Business Insider Australia. Boeing has 149 orders for the plane which has a price tag of $US312.8 million ($NZ446.5 million). On the same day in Germany Airbus' A319neo took to the skies from Hamburg. The plane flew to the Airbus headquarters in Toulouse, France. Airbus has 55 orders for the new plane, designed for short to medium range flights, which will cost $US99.5 million ($NZ142 million) each. Related Travel Technology no more content back to top loading error refresh LATEST POPULAR FEATURED news 1 Live stream: 1 NEWS at 6pm 2 Do you recognise these people? Long-lost photos of Kiwis found in old camera 00:29 3 Details of couple's $100k donation to National revealed in defamation trial against Labour leader Andrew Little 00:59 4 The remake nobody wanted: James Corden and Victoria Beckham recreate the movie Mannequin 00:50 5 Hobby-horsing: The bizarre new craze sweeping Scandinavia 00:46 'Stupidly expensive' – 1 NEWS presenter outraged at cost of teaching children to swim Daniel Faitaua can't believe it costs so much to teach a potentially life-saving skill. 01:00 Would you pay higher rates to help pay for swimming lessons for kids? Christchurch City Council is considering free lessons for children as part of making its recreation facilities more accessible. 05:27 What does it mean for Donald Trump if Michael Flynn testifies? 1 NEWS US correspondent Rebecca Wright brings us the latest from another fascinating few days on planet Trump. Winter is coming! And I'm nervous - Whanganui family prepares for the cooler months ahead without the supermarket Our columnist Lydia Harvey and her family are preparing to head into winter solely relying on the produce of their garden. 01:21 Farewell to a TVNZ legend Martin Tasker: Thanks for the 25 years of memories The old sea dog and voice of America's Cup is setting sail.   Top Copyright © TVNZ   Join the conversation and follow 1 NEWS on Facebook   Rolling stories and updates from the 1 NEWS team   Download the 1 NEWS app for iPhone, iPad and Android   Send us your footage or share your story with us Shows & Channels TVNZ 1 TVNZ 2 TVNZ OnDemand DUKE Kidzone Shortland Street Home and Away Kiwi Living 1 NEWS NOW TVNZ OnDemand Content Highlights Apps TVNZ OnDemand App for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch TVNZ OnDemand App for selected Samsung mobile and tablet devices TVNZ OnDemand App for Windows 10 devices 1 News Now on your mobile device TVNZ Info About TVNZ TVNZ Advertising Blacksand Media Releases Careers TVNZ Licensing Access Services Shop.TVNZ Help & More Contact TVNZ Contact TVNZ OnDemand TVNZ FAQ TVNZ OnDemand Help House Rules Competition Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy The Green Room
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Strategic Planning & Execution > Biggest 787 Dreamliner Takes Flight in Lift for Boeing Cash Plan Biggest 787 Dreamliner Takes Flight in Lift for Boeing Cash Plan Apr 2, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 The plane’s drama-free performance brought relief to Boeing officials after delays marred the first Dreamliner’s debut in 2011. Getty Images Advertisement Boeing Co.’s newest and largest 787 Dreamliner took wing Friday, dipping and soaring for almost five hours above South Carolina during its first flight. The plane’s drama-free performance brought relief to Boeing officials after delays marred the first Dreamliner’s debut in 2011. The 787-10 even took off nearly 30 minutes earlier than scheduled, at around 9:37 a.m. local time, as if to accentuate the improved development. Stiffer headwinds may lie ahead as the carbon-composite jetliner enters the market next year. The 787-10 figures significantly in Boeing’s efforts to wipe away $27.3 billion in production losses lingering from the Dreamliner program’s rocky beginning. But sales have slowed for larger twin-engine aircraft that ply international routes as cheaper fuel and a glut of similarly sized used Boeing 777s and Airbus Group SE A330s sap demand. The maiden voyage is “a big, big milestone for us and our customers,” Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said on a company webcast of the event. “We’re bringing innovation to the marketplace.” Boeing’s most technically advanced jetliner is no stranger to the spotlight. The plane made its public debut last month serving as the backdrop for President Donald Trump’s address at Boeing’s North Charleston factory. The aircraft is the third Dreamliner model, an aircraft family boasting hulls made of spun-carbon fiber and cabin-humidity levels that lessen jet lag. It’s the first Boeing plane to be manufactured outside of the Seattle area. Popular Now How to Reduce Costs through Supply Chain Network Optimization Top 25 Supply Chains of 2015 Does Your Company Comply with Dangerous Goods Transport Regs? Friday’s flight went according to plan as the pilots worked through a check list and positioned the aircraft for photographs taken by a chase plane. “We had a great plan, we had a great team, we had a great jet and we went out and flew it,” Captain Tim Berg said after the flight. Jet Debuts It was the third initial flight in a busy week of commercial-jet debuts. The A319neo, the smallest of Airbus’s upgraded single-aisle jets, also took wing for the first time Friday. Brazilian planemaker Embraer SA celebrated the first flight of its E195-E2 on Wednesday. The 787-10 is the first of three aircraft that Boeing is readying in South Carolina for flight-testing. If the planes perform as expected, the Chicago-based manufacturer will gain a direct competitor to the sleek Airbus A350-900, which is made of carbon-composite panels. “It starts to step on the very crisp, clean new competitor that Airbus has out,” said George Ferguson, senior air transport analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence. The new Dreamliner stretches 224 feet (68 meters), eight feet longer than its European rival, and its cabin capacity of 330 travelers is designed to carry five more people than the Airbus plane. But the A350 has a longer range and has outsold the 787-10, garnering 602 sales to 149 for the Boeing aircraft. While Airbus had the benefit of launching its jet years earlier, the European planemaker has struggled to speed production amid supplier shortages. The 787-10 won a key campaign with Singapore Airlines last month and could pad its order book further if its market entry next year proceeds as smoothly as initial production, Ferguson said. Cash Need Boeing is counting on the 787-10 to mirror the drama-free development of the 737 Max and 787-9, all products of a disciplined process it fashioned for new planes following the delay-plagued debut of the 787-8 nearly six years ago. The new jet is the most expensive Dreamliner yet, with a list price of $312.8 million, and its market entry should coincide with growing profits for the aircraft family. The planemaker has just started to generate cash from its marquee jet after a decade, and will need to record an average profit of about $35 million per plane over the next 779 Dreamliners to avoid having to report an accounting loss for the program. Company executives insist they can get there by combining savings from suppliers with higher pricing on the 787-9 and 787-10 models, the Dreamliners with the greatest profit potential. The variants share about 95% of the same design-and-build processes, honed after Boeing’s troubles delivering the initial 787-8 more than three years late in 2011. Doing so meant the newest 787 and its tooling felt familiar to Boeing mechanics in South Carolina. “It’s almost anti-climactic because it just went so smoothly,” Mark Jenks, a Boeing vice president and general manager of the 787 program, said Friday. “This doesn’t happen a lot of times in a Boeing career. We have learned a lot across our development programs.”       Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Boeing Halts Test Flights of Delay-Plagued 787 Dreamliner Boeing Completes Flight to Test 787 Battery Fix 1 Boeing Resumes 787 Dreamliner Deliveries Following Battery Fix Boeing 787 Dreamliner Suffers Engine Failure; NTSB Investigates Boeing Begins Building Longer Dreamliner Airplane Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Trump Orders Study of `Trade Abuse' Contributing to Deficits Biggest 787 Dreamliner Takes Flight in Lift for Boeing Cash Plan Working with High School Students, and Other Wisdom from a Super-Trainer Humming Factories Drive Surging 2017 Start to Canada Economy Ford CEO's Pay Rises 19% as Shares Lag Amid Costly Overhaul Amid Political Rhetoric, More US Jobs Departing for Mexico More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Mar 31, 2017 Exclusive Even In New Digs, Immelt Paints As Big a Picture As Ever for GE Just blocks from his new office (no longer “palatial” and no longer in Connecticut), General Electric CEO Jeff Immelt goes long on digital disruption, how to operate globally after all these years, and how the Trump Administration could affect manufacturing for years to come....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek The Future Of Manufacturing Largest Manufacturing Companies Stick with Climate Pledge after Trump Pivot The Missing Link Between Manufacturing Data and Profitability Even In New Digs, Immelt Paints As Big a Picture As Ever for GE Trump Backs Away From Softer NAFTA Stance IW Webinars Increase Your International Sales: How to Make Sure You Have the Right Export Documentation Manufacturing's Great Debate Best Practices for IoT Success Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Put Your Labor Data to Work: Unlock Improvements in Manufacturing with Engaged Employees View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Food Manufacturing Report: Enabling Farm-to-Table Track & Traceability with Mobile Technologies What's In the Gear that Service Techs Need? Mobile Vehicle and Heavy Equipment Repair Services The New Service Model Connected Quality Management Accelerating Global Industrial Productivity with The Connected Enterprise More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 6:51pm Mon 3 April Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Battle of the airliners: Boeing, Airbus debut new planes 12:24 PM Monday Apr 3, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Airbus Group Aviation Boeing The 787-10's maiden flight is "a big, big milestone for us and our customers," Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg. Photo / Boeing Boeing debuted a new, larger 787 Dreamliner on Friday in South Carolina. The 787-10 is significant to Boeing as it tries to wipe away US$27.3 billion in losses that have existed since the Dreamliner programme began, Bloomberg reported. Sales have slowed for larger twin-engine aircraft on international routes as cheaper fuel and similarly sized used Boeing 777s and Airbus Group SE A330s sap demand. The 787-10's maiden flight is "a big, big milestone for us and our customers", chief executive Dennis Muilenburg said during a live webcast of the event. "We're bringing innovation to the marketplace." The 787-10 is the third Dreamliner model, an aircraft family boasting hulls made of spun-carbon fibre and cabin-humidity levels that lessen jet lag, Bloomberg reported. It is the first Boeing plane to be manufactured outside the Seattle area. Business Insider reported the new Dreamliner's flight coincided with a test flight of Airbus' newest airliner. The Airbus A319 takes off on its maiden flight. Photo / Airbus The Airbus A319neo made its maiden test flight from Hamburg, Germany to Airbus' headquarters in Toulouse, France. The single-aisle plane is the smallest member of Airbus' next generation neo or new engine option series of airliners. @Airbus Thank you Airbus, & a huge congrats to you as well. We both work towards connecting the world & are making our industry stronger. #aviation— Boeing Airplanes (@BoeingAirplanes) March 31, 2017 Business Insider reported the A319neo's maiden flight was used to assess the aircraft's general handling characteristics and the functionality of its main systems. Even though the flight took off from Hamburg, the A319neo prototype's test programme will be based out of Toulouse. - NZ Herald Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate The mammoth in the room Northern Advocate 48 Hours column by disability advocate Jonny Wilkinson Hawke's Bay Today RMA reforms: Dr Smith's Frankenstein The RMA has been amended so many times it has become incoherent, says Martin Williams… Bay of Plenty Times Colonel Senders: NZ Post to deliver KFC KFC is partnering with NZ Post for a home delivery trial in Tauranga. Our Features' Top Stories Driven Uninsured drivers still paying back debt from 1990s AA Insurance said in the year to October 2016 it handled more than $8.5 million of debt..… Viva Coolest celebrity beauty looks From Katie Holmes to Hailey Baldwin and Chrissy Teigen, be inspired by these beauty looks… True Commercial RECENT DEALS for Saturday, April 1 Paul Charman's recent deals. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 03 Apr 2017 19:01:20 Processing Time: 30ms
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TSLA SHLD Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Tesla (TSLA) beats estimates by delivering 25,000 cars in Q1 >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Boeing Co (BA) Stock Takes a Seat to Higher Profits Boeing stock has already ran up high in 2017. Can the rally continue? By Will Ashworth, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Apr 1, 2017, 9:25 am EDT     View All   Popular Posts: The 7 Best Stocks to Buy for an Income-Rich Retirement Jefferies Thinks Under Armour Inc (UAA) Stock Is a Buy — Should You? Why Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Is Still a Value Play Recent Posts: Boeing Co (BA) Stock Takes a Seat to Higher Profits Why Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Is Still a Value Play The 7 Best Stocks to Buy for an Income-Rich Retirement View All Posts The March 27 announcement by Adient PLC (NYSE:ADNT) that it was collaborating with Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) to create better, more functional aircraft seating for its airplanes had a positive effect on Boeing stock, sending it up $1.26 in next-day trading. Source: Phillip Capper via Flickr But is it enough to keep Boeing stock moving higher? After all, Boeing is already up 14% through the end of March. If today were the last day of 2017, Boeing’s annual total return for the year would be higher than its three previous years. Boeing stock continues to go higher despite revenue going lower; that’s not something that can carry on for very long unless arrangements such as the one with Adient, the former car seat division of Johnson Controls International Plc (NYSE:JCI), delivers substantial reductions in manufacturing costs. The Impact of the Agreement on Boeing Stock While the financial benefits for Boeing are yet to be determined, it’s very clear why Adient is interested in working with the airplane manufacturer. According to Counterpoint Market Research, the aircraft interiors market is projected to grow to $21.7 billion by 2025. Meanwhile, growth in U.S. auto sales is slowing to the lowest annual year-over-year increase since the 2008 financial crisis. “Through discussions with Boeing, we believe there’s an opportunity for Adient to raise the bar on the aviation passenger experience, building on our leadership in the automobile seat market.” said Adient Chairman and CEO Bruce McDonald. When one door closes, another one opens. The vice president of Boeing Commercial Airplanes, Kent Fisher, had this to say in the press release: “Boeing is building commercial airplanes at record rates to deliver on an order backlog of more than $400 billion. We continually explore opportunities to offer more value to our customers and believe they would benefit from a wider range of options and more reliable, on-time performance in the airplane interiors and seating category.” The problem for Boeing isn’t the $400 billion backlog of orders it has on its plate or the desire to build better more functional seating — it’s that most of the orders are for its 737 class of planes which come with a cheaper price tag and lower profitability. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/boeing-co-ba-stock-takes-a-seat-to-higher-profits/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace The 7 Biggest Land Mines in Your Portfolio Right Now The 10 Best Stocks of the S&P 500 in Q1 7 ‘Best of the Best’ Stocks to Buy for Q2 3 Blue-Chip Tech Stocks That Will Break Through the Ceiling 10 Cheapest Vanguard Funds to Buy Now 4 Things Apple Stock Owners Should Worry About ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 10 Best Stocks of the S&P 500 in Q1 3 Blue-Chip Technology Stocks That Will Break Through the Ceiling 7 ‘Best of the Best’ Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter The 7 Biggest Land Mines in Your Portfolio Right Now The 10 Cheapest Vanguard Funds on the Market Most Popular 7 ‘Best of the Best’ Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter The 10 Best Stocks of the S&P 500 in Q1 The 7 Biggest Land Mines in Your Portfolio Right Now 3 Blue-Chip Technology Stocks That Will Break Through the Ceiling 10 Stocks You’d Be Foolish to Buy Right Now The 10 Cheapest Vanguard Funds on the Market Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Alaska Air Will Keep Virgin America's Airbus Fleet (for Now) Alaska Air is thinking about returning to an all-Boeing fleet eventually -- but it won't happen anytime soon. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Apr 2, 2017 at 9:50AM A year ago, West Coast-focused airline Alaska Air (NYSE:ALK) won the bidding for its smaller rival Virgin America. This immediately raised the question of how the two carriers would harmonize their fleets. Alaska Air exclusively flies Boeing (NYSE:BA) 737s in its mainline operations, while Virgin America is an all-Airbus (NASDAQOTH:EADSY) carrier. Alaska Air's fleet decision is particularly important for Boeing, which could be in line for a huge number of incremental 737 orders if the carrier decides to phase out Virgin America's Airbus fleet. However, Alaska Air has indicated in the past week that it is keeping the Airbus planes -- at least for now. Merging two fleets The Alaska Air-Virgin America merger made sense in many ways, particularly because the combined company is now the biggest airline on the West Coast. It wasn't an ideal pairing in terms of fleet compatibility, though, given that both carriers have lauded the efficiency benefits of operating a single aircraft type. Alaska Airlines has had an all-Boeing mainline fleet for almost a decade. Image source: Alaska Airlines. On the one hand, it would make sense for Alaska Air to return to a single fleet type as soon as possible. On the other hand, such a move could be quite expensive in the short run, as it would entail replacing Virgin America's relatively young fleet. Last year, Alaska Air indicated that it would run the numbers and finalize its long-term fleet plan during 2017. The Airbus planes are here for a while At Alaska Air's investor day on Wednesday, the company confirmed that it will keep the A320 fleet for quite some time. Virgin America has 63 planes right now, of which 53 are leased. Those 53 leases expire between 2019 and 2025, with the bulk of expirations in the 2021-2023 period. Alaska Air's management has concluded that it would be prohibitively expensive to get out of the leases early. However, Virgin America only has 20 aircraft committed to its fleet after 2025. Ten of those are A320s that the company has bought in the past two years. It will also receive 10 A321neos on lease over the next year and a half. (Alaska Air is trying to work out a deal with the lessor to take fewer than 10 of the A321neos, though.) Alaska Air plans to retrofit Virgin America's A319s and A320s starting next fall. It will add more first class seats, install new extra-legroom "Premium"-class seats, and standardize the planes' configurations. This investment solidifies Alaska's near-term commitment to keeping the Airbus fleet around. The big decision is still ahead This is only a short-term plan, though. Alaska Air is still thinking about transitioning back to an all-Boeing 737 fleet over the next decade. With most of Virgin America's Airbus fleet coming off lease between now and then, the cost of making a gradual shift like this would be very manageable. At its investor day, Alaska Air estimated the incremental annual cost of operating a second mainline fleet type at $20 million to $25 million. That's not chump change, but it represents less than 2% of Alaska's pre-tax earnings. Furthermore, operating a mixed fleet could lead to lower aircraft acquisition costs, as Boeing and Airbus would have to fight for each order. Alaska has to decide if it will keep a mixed fleet of Airbus and Boeing planes. Image source: Alaska Airlines. Alaska Air will need to finalize its long-term fleet strategy by year-end because Virgin America has 30 A320neo orders scheduled for delivery between 2020 and 2022. Right now, Alaska Air would only lose $26 million in deposits if it canceled the orders. But it would need to begin making pre-delivery payments next year, locking itself into the orders. Is Boeing ready to deal? The Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 families both have huge order backlogs. However, Airbus has been winning the order race. As of the end of February, Boeing had more than 4,400 unfilled 737 orders, but Airbus had nearly 5,600 unfilled orders for A320-family planes. Alaska Air's upcoming fleet decision represents a rare opportunity for Boeing to gain share at Airbus' expense. Additionally, with order activity slowing down while production rises, it would be good to pad the backlog as much as possible. Based on the comments made by Alaska Air's management this week, it seems that pricing concerns are the one thing going in Airbus' favor right now. Considering the long-term stakes -- Alaska Air could be in the market for 250 or more jets between now and 2030 as it modernizes and expands its fleet -- Boeing should offer the carrier aggressive discounts to seal this deal. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Alaska Air Group and Boeing. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Apr 2, 2017 at 9:50AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $176.86 down $-1.12 (-0.63%) Alaska Air Group NYSE:ALK $92.22 down $-1.44 (-1.54%) Airbus NASDAQOTH:EADSY $19.05 down $0.05 (-0.24%) Read More Why Shares of Alaska Air, JetBlue, and Hawaiian Holdings Flew Higher in November Is It Time to Worry About Alaska Airlines' Debt? Why Alaska Air Group, Inc. Stock Fell 12% in June The Alaska Air-Virgin America Merger Is (Almost) Cleared for Takeoff From First to Worst: Ranking the 10 Major Airlines for On-Time Performance in 2016 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Alaska Air Will Keep Virgin America's Airbus Fleet (for Now) @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $ALK, $EADSY
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 313,818 Shares in Mastercard Inc (MA) Acquired by Empire Life Investments Inc. DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main Takes Position in Boeing Co (BA) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Reduces Stake in Navigant Consulting, Inc. (NCI) Norges Bank Takes Position in Skechers USA Inc (SKX) Norges Bank Acquires New Position in PDC Energy Inc (PDCE) Worth Venture Partners LLC Buys New Stake in Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Brokerages Set Agrium Inc. (AGU) Price Target at $110.00 Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Sells 661 Shares of Select Comfort Corp. (SCSS) Cynosure, Inc. (CYNO) Position Maintained by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Ancora Advisors LLC Buys 23,784 Shares of QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Position Held by Holt Capital Advisors L.L.C. dba Holt Capital Partners L.P. 1,493,000 Shares in Visa Inc (V) Acquired by Eton Park Capital Management L.P. Equinix, Inc. (EQIX) Receives $409.42 Average Price Target from Analysts Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Navient Corp (NAVI) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Shares Sold by Arbor Wealth Management LLC 4,254 Shares in Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Acquired by GSA Capital Partners LLP Frontier Communications Corp (FTR) Shares Bought by GSA Capital Partners LLP GSA Capital Partners LLP Invests $262,000 in Liberty Property Trust (LPT) GSA Capital Partners LLP Purchases Shares of 12,600 Four Corners Property Trust Inc (FCPT) DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main Takes Position in Boeing Co (BA) April 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main bought a new stake in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor bought 3,263 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock, valued at approximately $508,000. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC bought a new position in shares of Boeing during the third quarter valued at approximately $102,000. Farmers & Merchants Trust Co of Chambersburg PA bought a new position in shares of Boeing during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $106,000. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. increased its position in shares of Boeing by 124.9% in the third quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 830 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 461 shares during the last quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC increased its position in shares of Boeing by 46.8% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 938 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $124,000 after buying an additional 299 shares during the last quarter. Finally, TLP Group LLC bought a new position in shares of Boeing during the third quarter valued at approximately $126,000. 74.66% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 176.86 on Friday. Boeing Co has a one year low of $122.35 and a one year high of $185.71. The company has a market capitalization of $108.32 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.24 and a beta of 1.08. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $175.28 and its 200-day moving average price is $153.59. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The company had revenue of $23.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.25 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $1.60 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts anticipate that Boeing Co will post $9.30 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/02/dz-bank-ag-deutsche-zentral-genossenschafts-bank-frankfurt-am-main-takes-position-in-boeing-co-ba.html. Several research firms have recently weighed in on BA. Barclays PLC reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $190.00 price objective (up from $175.00) on shares of Boeing in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Canaccord Genuity reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $162.00 price objective on shares of Boeing in a research report on Friday, March 17th. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their price objective on Boeing from $185.00 to $200.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Vetr raised Boeing from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $150.88 price objective for the company in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Finally, Berenberg Bank began coverage on Boeing in a research report on Wednesday. They issued a “buy” rating and a $202.00 price objective for the company. Six analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. Boeing has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $161.35. In related news, Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner sold 96,174 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $163.72, for a total value of $15,745,607.28. Following the sale, the insider now owns 95,852 shares in the company, valued at $15,692,889.44. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $165.39, for a total transaction of $330,780.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 206,827 shares of company stock worth $34,170,203 in the last 90 days. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Boeing Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Monday, April 3, 2017  |  Rajab 6, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism The Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner made its maiden flight at the weekend. Paul Weatherman / EPA Boeing’s biggest Dreamliner yet takes to the skies April 2, 2017 Updated: April 3, 2017 10:28 AM Related ‘Ghost’ jumbo jets spur rattled Boeing’s risky plan Etihad’s Dreamliner boosts business class on Abu Dhabi-Amman route Widebody Airbus or Boeing jetliners a target for Malaysia Airlines Boeing’s plan to stretch 737 further leaves aircraft lessors cold Related ‘Ghost’ jumbo jets spur rattled Boeing’s risky plan Etihad’s Dreamliner boosts business class on Abu Dhabi-Amman route Widebody Airbus or Boeing jetliners a target for Malaysia Airlines Boeing’s plan to stretch 737 further leaves aircraft lessors cold Topics: Airbus Boeing Boeing’s newest and largest 787 Dreamliner rumbled down a South Carolina runway, nudged its nose into the air and took flight for the first time at the weekend. The take-off served as an emblem of the 787-10’s relatively drama-free development programme, according to the Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenburg. Riding on its wings are the company’s hopes of turning the 787 into a cash machine amid a forbidding market for twin-aisle planes. The maiden flight is "a big, big milestone for us and our customers" Mr Muilenburg said. "We’re bringing innovation to the marketplace." Boeing’s most technically advanced jetliner is no stranger to the spotlight. For the plane’s public debut last month, it was rolled out of the North Charleston factory to serve as the backdrop for the US president Donald Trump’s address at the plant. The aircraft is the third Dreamliner model, an aircraft family boasting hulls made of spun-carbon fibre and cabin-humidity levels that lessen jet lag. It is the first Boeing plane to be manufactured outside of the Seattle area. The flight marked the third maiden voyage in a busy few days of commercial-jet debuts. The A319neo, the smallest of Airbus’ upgraded single-aisle jets, also took wing for the first time also at the weekend. The Brazilian plane maker Embraer celebrated the first flight of its E195-E2 on Wednesday. The 787-10 figures large in Boeing’s efforts to wipe away US$27.3 billion in production losses lingering from the Dreamliner programme’s rocky beginning. It also gives the Chicago-based plane maker a direct competitor to the sleek Airbus A350-900, which is made of carbon-composite panels. "It starts to step on the very crisp, clean new competitor that Airbus has out," said George Ferguson, a senior air transport analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence. The new Dreamliner stretches 68 metres, almost 3 metres longer than its European rival, and its cabin capacity of 330 travellers is designed to carry five more people than the Airbus plane. But the A350 has a longer range and has outsold the 787-10, garnering 602 sales to 149 for the Boeing aircraft. "It’s almost anti-climactic because it just went so smoothly," said Mark Jenks, a Boeing vice president and general manager of the 787 programme. "This doesn’t happen a lot of times in a Boeing career. We have learned a lot across our development programmes." * Bloomberg business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Aviation Boeing’s biggest Dreamliner yet takes to the skies Executive travel: Night flight via Wizz Air to Budapest a good idea, but be ready to sleep upright Flights from UAE to Australia subject to enhanced security screening, Etihad says Qatar Airways to offer free laptops on US flights MOST VIEWED Business | All Abu Dhabi’s 10 biggest projects nearing completion Burj Khalifa apartments lose a quarter of their value in 12 months FGB and National Bank of Abu Dhabi choose merged name: First Abu Dhabi Bank Abu Dhabi and Saudi Arabia to team up on energy technology and renewables Malls of the UAE: Dubai Outlet Mall fertile ground for real bargains Executive travel: Night flight via Wizz Air to Budapest a good idea, but be ready to sleep upright Boeing’s biggest Dreamliner yet takes to the skies UAE makes itself over as a comestics hotspot Calculating what is in your end of service gratuity Hyperpanda to shutter its doors in Dubai Festival City More Most Viewed Abu Dhabi’s 10 biggest projects nearing completion Consumer fears over high cost of living after VAT VAT ‘is a way to pay the UAE back for all it has done’ Burj Khalifa apartments lose a quarter of their value in 12 months Sheikh Mohammed and Sheikh Mansour visit knife attack survivors in hospital Car window tints let drivers hide from law, say UAE experts FGB and National Bank of Abu Dhabi choose merged name: First Abu Dhabi Bank UAE retailers brace for rush to beat VAT Four builders rescued from fire in Downtown Dubai Fire at tower near Dubai Mall sends plumes of smoke across Downtown More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Frank Kane’s working lunch: ‘Dubai is for business with rest of the world’ Emirates mulls loaning laptops to passengers amid US ban Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Fire breaks out at tower under construction close to Dubai Mall – in pictures Sheikh Mohammed and Sheikh Mansour visit knife attack survivors in hospital Switch to Mobile Site About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR GeekWire Deals: Stream music and movies—securely and quickly—with Streamza How virtual reality is shaping the new home of Washington state’s oldest museum Week in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of March 26, 2017 Guest Post: I launched the 2.19% Founders Alliance to help women in tech help each other Geared Up: Is the Samsung Galaxy S8 the biggest revolution in smartphone history? This Week in Seattle: Mayor sues Trump, bike-sharing’s last ride, and more stuff you should know GeekWire Deals: The essential digital artist’s software toolkit, with Corel Painter and more Enough! Sorry, but we’re not covering the tech industry’s stupid April Fool’s pranks this year Citizen scientists star in public TV’s ‘The Crowd and the Cloud,’ premiering online After the International Space Station, get ready for NASA’s Deep Space Gateway Paul Allen’s Vulcan Aerospace is now Stratolaunch, with a redesigned website The Week in Geek: Rover’s big acquisition, Bezos family’s record-breaking gift, and Pokemon Go’s surprising benefits Startup Spotlight: Hazel wants to help managers be better leaders using software GeekWire Awards 2017: Last-chance for early-bird tickets for this annual tech tradition Cirque du Soleil’s new Luzia show combines technology with magical Mexican mythology GeekWire Calendar Picks: A code-free hackathon; Thirsty Thursday with GeekWire; and more BMW’s ReachNow opens second Seattle parking lot, making it easier for drivers to travel to busy neighborhoods Pilots give a ’10’ to the 787-10, Boeing’s biggest Dreamliner, after first test flight Hacking The Hoff: Easy Amazon Alexa workaround gives this wannabe Knight Rider a talking car Geek of the Week: Usermind’s Michel Feaster builds on her experience — teams and partnerships follow Bezos family makes record-breaking $35M donation to Fred Hutch to fund cancer research Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service Pam Edstrom, 1946-2017: Microsoft’s first PR director was a technology communications pioneer ‘I love you, robot’ — watch this little girl make friends with a broken hot water heater Samsung unveils Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones with redesigned screen, launch date April 21 Amazon finally unveils grocery pickup service — but it’s only for employees at first Study: Parents say Pokémon Go leads to more quality time with children, among other benefits Here’s what the new internet privacy bill could mean for consumers and the Seattle region Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Want a window seat overlooking UW’s famed cherry blossoms? Just tune into this YouTube live stream T-Mobile: Samsung Galaxy S8 will be capable of ‘gigabit class’ speeds on its network Seattle tunnel machine Bertha is just days from breaking through to complete long journey Amazon’s stock reaches another record, capping a big week of news Amazon exec shares secrets of company’s culture, tries unsuccessfully to keep his talk secret Elon Musk reportedly backs Neuralink venture to connect brains with computers Enough! Sorry, but we’re not covering the tech industry’s stupid April Fool’s pranks this year ‘Uber for car repair’ startup Wrench raises $4M for service that brings a mechanic to your vehicle Geared Up: Is the Samsung Galaxy S8 the biggest revolution in smartphone history? Public cloud could become a utility like electricity, lifting AWS, Azure and others, Morgan Stanley says Hacking The Hoff: Easy Amazon Alexa workaround gives this wannabe Knight Rider a talking car Trending: Geared Up: Is the Samsung Galaxy S8 the biggest revolution in smartphone history? Space & Science Pilots give a ’10’ to the 787-10, Boeing’s biggest Dreamliner, after first test flight by Alan Boyle on March 31, 2017 at 12:24 pmMarch 31, 2017 at 12:52 pm Comments   Share  244 Tweet Share  17 Reddit Email Tickets on sale for the GeekWire Awards! Boeing’s 787-10 Dreamliner jet takes off from the company’s South Carolina facility. (Boeing Photo) The largest breed of its Dreamliner jet series, the 787-10, got a great review today after being put through its aerial paces for the first time in the skies over South Carolina. “It performed exactly like we thought it would,” 787 chief model pilot Tim Berg said afterward. Deputy pilot Mike Bryan seconded that opinion: “It was fantastic. … No squawks.” Bryan gave a shout-out to Boeing’s support team, saying “there were two pilots in the front, but a lot of people behind us.” The twin-aisle 787-10 is the first of the series to be assembled exclusively at Boeing South Carolina plant, and not at its assembly facility in Everett. It’s 18 feet longer than the 787-9, and 38 feet longer than the 787-8. Carrying capacity can range up to 330 passengers, depending on the configuration, compared to the 290-passenger maximum capacity of the 787-9. Other than the length, passengers aren’t likely to notice much of a difference between the 787-9 and the 787-10: The two planes have 95 percent of their design in common, which is part of Boeing’s strategy to streamline development, operation and maintenance. Boeing says the stretch model has won 149 orders from nine customers, including launch customer Singapore Airlines. The first deliveries are due to be made in the first half of 2018. Between now and then, Boeing is putting the first three 787-10 planes through a series of flight tests to fine-tune the design and build up the data that’s needed for certification by the Federal Aviation Administration. Today’s flight marked the start of that process. Takeoff from Charleston, S.C., came just after 9:30 a.m. ET (6:30 a.m. PT), sparking a round of cheers from the crowd at the airport. For about five hours, the jet traced a back-and-forth route over the state, ranging from Columbia to Myrtle Beach. Today’s test was limited to an altitude of 20,000 feet and a speed of 250 knots. Bryan marveled that the airplane was as quiet as a whisper as he and Berg tried out the landing gear, flaps and spoilers. “We really gave it a thorough wring-out, and it’s a beautiful airplane,” Bryan said. Touch down! 🛬 First flight of the #Boeing 787-10 #Dreamliner is complete! https://t.co/EN75sR0giD pic.twitter.com/V5JIqvPk42 — Boeing Airplanes (@BoeingAirplanes) March 31, 2017 The focus of the test program will shift to Seattle’s Boeing Field as early as next week. “We have a good plan laid out for the remainder of the year,” Berg said. Ken Sanger, Boeing’s vice president and general manager for 787 development, said he was gratified to see how smoothly the plane went from design to assembly to first flight. “I think we nailed it,” he said. Boeing’s South Carolina operation has come into the spotlight over the past couple of months for a couple of reasons. In mid-February, the 3,000 workers at the plant voted resoundingly against unionizing after a hard-fought campaign between the company and the International Association of Machinists. Just a couple of days after the vote, President Donald Trump visited the plant for the 787-10’s unveiling.  Trump called the plane “an amazing piece of art.” “The name says it all,” the president told thousands of workers and VIPs at the hangar. “Dreamliner, great name. Our country is all about making dreams come true.” After an initial tiff, Trump has been working with Boeing executives on the replacement plan for Air Force One and the potential purchase of upgraded F/A-18 Super Hornet fighter jets. Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Comments Share  244 Tweet Share  17 Reddit Email Previous StoryHacking The Hoff: Easy Amazon Alexa workaround gives this wannabe Knight Rider a talking car Next StoryBMW’s ReachNow opens second Seattle parking lot, making it easier for drivers to travel to busy neighborhoods Filed Under: Science • Transportation  Tagged With: 787 Dreamliner • Aviation • Boeing • South Carolina GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Boeing shows off its 787-9 Dreamliner jet in teaser video for Farnborough Airshow Qatar Airways signs on for up to 100 Boeing jets, sending Airbus a message Take a look at the latest pictures from inside that new ‘Star Wars’ Boeing 787 Dreamliner Boeing registers a holiday rush in airplane orders, but falls short of 2015’s total tally Previous StoryHacking The Hoff: Easy Amazon Alexa workaround gives this wannabe Knight Rider a talking car Next StoryBMW’s ReachNow opens second Seattle parking lot, making it easier for drivers to travel to busy neighborhoods Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Stream music and movies—securely and quickly—with Streamza GeekWire Deals: The essential digital artist’s software toolkit, with Corel Painter and more Most Popular on GeekWire Bezos family makes record-breaking $35M donation to Fred Hutch to fund cancer research Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service Pam Edstrom, 1946-2017: Microsoft’s first PR director was a technology communications pioneer ‘I love you, robot’ — watch this little girl make friends with a broken hot water heater Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Back End Web DeveloperFront Desk, Inc. Site Reliability Engineer – Data SystemsOfferUp DevOps EngineerFront Desk, Inc. × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors GeekWire Awards 2017: Get your tickets today! The Awards sell out every year, make sure to grab your tickets today. Unplug and de-stress. Plan your weekend beach getaway now! Make your beach town getaway plans now at seabrookwa.com GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. GeekWire Awards 2017: Get your tickets today! The Awards sell out every year, make sure to grab your tickets today. Unplug and de-stress. Plan your weekend beach getaway now! Make your beach town getaway plans now at seabrookwa.com GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
About DoD Buzz Twitter Facebook Military.com Sea Air Land Space Cyber International Intelligence Policy Industry Video Latest Headlines March 31, 2017 | Stratcom Chief Presses for Nuke Force Upgrade March 30, 2017 | Future V-22 Weapons May Range from Lasers to Sonic Waves March 29, 2017 | Boeing Ramps Up Bomb Production as Stockpiles Decrease March 28, 2017 | F-35 Program Office to Get New Leader as Bogdan Retires March 27, 2017 | Marine Corps Asks Other Services for Training Ideas Search for: Home Air Boeing Ramps Up Bomb Production as Stockpiles Decrease TOPICS:Air ForceBoeingJDAMJoint Direct Attack MunitionNavy Members of the U.S. Air Force and Royal Australian Air Force construct Joint Direct Attack Munitions (JDAM) at an undisclosed location in Southwest Asia, Feb. 9, 2016. The U.S. Navy and U.S. Air Force, as well as allies, have asked Boeing Co. for more laser-guided bomb kits amid declining stockpiles due to the air war against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. (U.S. Air Force photo/Senior Airman Tyler Woodward) Posted By: Oriana Pawlyk March 29, 2017 The Navy and Air Force, as well as U.S. allies, have asked Boeing Co. for more bomb kits, including laser-guided, amid declining JDAM stockpiles due to the air war against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. “We’re ramping significantly across the portfolio, not just with [Joint Direct Attack Munition],” said Cindy Gruensfelder, Boeing’s director of direct attack munitions. “But with JDAM, we’re currently on a path by July of this year to ramp to a 150 weapons a day [rate] or over 36,500 [tail kits] per year — that is two full shifts at our facility,” she told reporters during a media briefing Tuesday at Boeing’s facilities near Washington, D.C. Gruensfelder said Boeing is looking to break the 36,000 kit annual production ceiling because of international partner requests. The ramp-up began last July, when an average of 130 tail kits a day were being produced. The Air Force — flying more than half the sorties for Operation Inherent Resolve, the name of the operation against ISIS — in December 2015 revealed bomb stockpiles were decreasing in light of the air war, which began in 2014. The stockpiles were strained further when the joint force began sharing weapons with coalition partners engaged against the terrorist group in the Middle East, said then-Lt. Gen. John Raymond, deputy chief of staff for operations at Headquarters Air Force at the time. Chicago-based Boeing recently celebrated its 300,000 JDAM production, Gruensfelder said. “To fast forward to the usage rates we’re seeing from some of the warfighters … usage of weapons for JDAM in particular was 80 a day on average,” she said of Boeing’s contribution. Small diameter bomb production will also see an increase. Boeing, which makes the GBU-39 kit, currently produces 1,000 units a year, primarily based on international needs, Gruensfelder said. But the company is in contract negotiations with the Air Force to have 5,000 units a year for the next lot, with the potential of 8,000 the following year. Over time, the JDAM has come down in cost, she said, adding Boeing aims to “drive it down even further.” She did not offer specific numbers because of ongoing negotiations. The laser-guided JDAM, first delivered in 2008, is “going through some ramps as well,” Gruensfelder said. “The modularity really allows for the weapon to be assembled in the field in minutes and is very capable — both the U.S. Navy and Air Force employ laser JDAMs as well as 17 international partners.” Nearly 18,000 laser-guided JDAMs have been delivered to date, she said. Negotiations are underway with the Navy for direct attack moving target capability, or DAMTC, for the laser JDAM kits, she said. “We will be working with our supplier base to ramp even further beyond 8,000 units per year,” she said. Previous post Next post About the Author Oriana Pawlyk Oriana Pawlyk is a reporter at Military.com. She can be reached at oriana.pawlyk@military.com. Follow her on Twitter at @Oriana0214. Related Articles Navy Increases On-Board Ship Maintenance Navy Hints at Possible Further Delay to New Aircraft Carrier Navy Ramps Up SM-6 Production Air Force Mulls Adding More Bases for MQ-9 Reaper Drones Military.com on Facebook Most Popular Posts Twitter Feed Tweets by @Militarydotcom Recent Comments Fred Pollard on Hack of Ukrainian Power Grid Marks ‘New Territory,’ Analyst Says Valvatorez on U.S. Dominates Global Arms Trade: Report FormerDirtDart on We’re Back! Thank You for Your Patience Chris on We’re Back! Thank You for Your Patience xxTomcatxx on U.S. Dominates Global Arms Trade: Report Got a Hot Tip? Get the DoD Buzz Newsletter  RSS | Subscribe by email Twitter | Facebook Copyright Military.com 2017
Print   Email   Font Resize Canon City News Astronaut, crews demonstrate Royal Gorge zip line -- same one used at Cape Canaveral By Sara Knuth The Daily Record Posted:   04/02/2017 10:33:10 PM MDT Gary Wentz, the vice president of human and commercial services at United Launch Alliance, prepares to demonstrate the Emergency Egress System Sunday at the Royal Gorge Bridge & Park. (Sara Knuth / Daily Record) The Emergency Egress System sits on display Sunday as spectators watch people ride the zip line at the Royal Gorge Bridge & Park. (Sara Knuth / Daily Record) Astronauts can use them in a pinch to get away from danger. But every day, hundreds of people take the ride voluntarily at the Royal Gorge Bridge & Park. "It is rocket science, but it's not," said Gary Wentz, the vice president of human and commercial services for United Launch Alliance. "It's something that everybody can relate to." That something is the Emergency Egress System, a specially-designed zip line that recently became operational for use by astronauts at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The system was developed by Terra Nova, the same recreation company that built the zip line at the Royal Gorge. Leaders from the Boeing Co. and United Launch Alliance were at the bridge Sunday to demonstrate the line. "You're going across this gorge, you see how safe it is," said Mark Mulqueen, the program director of the International Space Station. "When we have an anomaly on the ground there and we have to get out, we do the same thing." When riders go across the Royal Gorge's zip line, they are about 1,200 feet above the Arkansas River, parallel to the bridge. With foldable and detachable seats, people travel about 1,987 feet across the gorge at about 40 mph. But for astronauts, the ride is different, and it's used for a lot more than recreation. For one, the system is part of a larger process to eventually launch astronauts to the International Space Station via American soil for the first time since 2011. The Boeing Co. is working on a Starliner crew capsule that will sit on top of United Launch Alliance's Atlas V rocket, which will launch to the ISS. Advertisement "We're very excited to have them complete their certification of vehicles so that we can bring crew launching on U.S. ground and not have to rely on the Russians for launch of our U.S. crew," said Mulqueen, who works with Boeing. Chris Ferguson, who commanded the last American shuttle to the ISS, said the new zip line system is a way for crew members to get away from danger before launch. Ferguson currently works for Boeing as its director of Starliner Crew and Mission Systems. A Boeing employee adjusts a space suit Sunday during a presentation of the Emergency Egress at the Royal Gorge Bridge & Park. (Sara Knuth / Daily Record) "The idea is that if there is ever a situation on a launch pad before the astronauts have launched, and there's something they need to get away rapidly, they would get out of the rocket, they would walk over to really what is one of these systems, and they would get in a chair and kind of ride away," Ferguson said. Unlike the Royal Gorge's system, Wentz said, riding along the Emergency Egress System involves a sturdy, fiber glass-lined chair that is easy to use in a space suit. "If you've ever seen astronauts in the Space Shuttle, they've got gloves and bulky suits on," he said. "So, they just needed something that they could quickly grab and go." On each of the system's five lines, four chairs are set up in place. When an astronaut sits down, the system releases, then requires them to pull down on levers to go and brakes to stop. But even with the changes meant to accommodate astronauts, Wentz said the zip lines systems still have major similarities. And that, he said, makes the system rare. "Very few people get to experience activities on an active launch pad, and so the nice thing for people to see is that a system like this you get to come out and ride at the gorge," he said. "You can see the similar systems that are used." The Boeing and United Launch Alliance leaders will be in Colorado Springs on Monday to take part in the 33rd annual Space Symposium. Sara Knuth: 719-276-7644, knuths@canoncitydailyrecord.com Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Astronaut, crews demonstrate Royal Gorge zip line -- same one used at Cape Canaveral Bikers Against Child Abuse aims to create a safer environment for abused children St. Thomas More Hospital gives preschoolers an inside look of the hospital   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe Aircraft Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner makes first test flight Michael Irving April 2, 2017 Boeing's 787-10 Dreamliner has taken to the skies for its maiden flight (Credit: Boeing) View gallery - 5 images Boeing's lanky new 787-10 Dreamliner has left the nest for the first time. The maiden flight of the longer, more spacious plane lasted just shy of five hours, and according to Boeing it went off without a hitch. Taking off from the company's South Carolina facility, the 787-10 spent four hours and 58 minutes in the air under the command of test pilots Tim Berg and Mike Bryan, who put the plane through the paces to check its flight controls, systems and handling. Sick of Ads? More than 700 New Atlas Plus subscribers read our newsletter and website without ads. Join them for just US$19 a year.More Information "From takeoff to landing, the airplane handled beautifully and just as expected," said Berg. First announced at the 2013 Paris Air Show, the Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner adds an extra 18 ft (5.5 m) of length to its stablemate, the 787-9, giving it room for 330 passengers and 15 percent more cargo. In the same breath, Boeing boasts that the 787-10 has 25 percent better fuel economy per seat than its predecessors, and it's claimed to be 10 percent more efficient than other planes of its size. Final assembly of the craft began in December, before it was officially unveiled during a Presidential visit back in February. Boeing will now perform more comprehensive flight tests of the new Dreamliner to prepare it for its first deliveries to carriers in the first half of next year. Nine companies, including United Airlines, British Airways and Singapore Airlines have placed 149 orders for the new plane. The 787-10 Dreamliner can be seen taking off on its first flight in the video below. Source: Boeing View gallery - 5 images Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner makes first test flight 1 / 5 Boeing's 787-10 Dreamliner has taken to the skies for its maiden flight (Credit: Boeing) The Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner boasts better fuel economy than its predecessors and other planes its size (Credit: Boeing) The 787-10 Dreamliner will undergo more comprehensive testing over the coming months, before Boeing begins delivering it to customers in the first half of 2018 (Credit: Boeing) Taking off from the Boeing South Carolina facility , the 787-10 Dreamliner's first flight last 4 hours and 58 minutes (Credit: Boeing) Boeing's 787-10 Dreamliner is 18 ft (5.5 m) longer than the 787-9, allowing it to carry 330 passengers and 15 percent more cargo  (Credit: Boeing) Tags #Test Flights #Dreamliner #Aircraft #787 #Boeing Share this article Post a comment   Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories From Earth to orbit using a single-stage rocket Jaguar rebirths the E-type ... and it's the opposite of painful Simulation suggests 68 percent of the universe may not actually exist 2017 BMW S1000R Review: This unassuming German streetbike might be the wildest thing on the road Sponsored Content Recommended for you Sponsored Content Latest in Aircraft Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner makes first test flight Boom raises US$33 million to get supersonic jet off the ground Bombardier CS100 eyes transatlantic flights to London City How Jetpacks could shape the future of personal transport The first "civilian" Jetpack pilot gets off the ground Bell flies into the future with first concept helicopter Boeing 737 MAX 9 makes its debut In pictures: 2017 Australian International Air Show, featuring F-35 Joint Strike Fighter debut Lockheed Martin supersonic jet hits the wind tunnel – in model form Qantas really puts the premium in its premium economy seats AW609 tiltrotor climbs towards 2018 certification Flight of the Blackbird: The how, what and why of the incredible SR-71 Editors Choice The truth about Satan: Nuclear war in the 21st century Compare the latest tech gear In pictures: Pretty, weird and pretty weird bikes from NAHBS 2017 Interview: The bold plan to build the world’s first ship tunnel In pictures: One more look at the 2017 Geneva Motor Show for the road Getting out of Auto: Understanding the exposure triangle In photos: Exotic sports car madness at the 2017 Geneva Motor Show What will the James Webb Space Telescope reveal about the newly discovered exoplanets? Zoltan Istvan on transhumanism, politics and why the human body has to go Flight of the Blackbird: The how, what and why of the incredible SR-71 In pictures: The best of The Photography Show 2017 Counting the days: Our five most anticipated upcoming buildings Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Arab World Diaspora’s Strong Attachment to Home could Play Role in Regional Development In the thick of the global immigration debate, the many benefits that diaspora populations bring to their host and home countries are at risk of being forgotten. The governments of most countries in the Middle East & North Africa (MENA) with large numbers of citizens scattered abroad—Palestine, Morocco, Iraq, Egypt, and Algeria—do little to reap the economic benefits of the bonds of kinship. With a diaspora equal to at least 5% of its total population, or 20 million people, the MENA region has a much higher proportion of its citizens living in the diaspora than the world average. Mobilizing MENA’s diaspora would tap the expertise and networks of its professionals worldwide, broadening their role beyond that of sending remittances back home. Remittances are valuable, particularly in times of hardship as a source of foreign exchange. MENA’s emigrants and their descendants sent about US$53 billion in remittances to relatives and friends back in their countries of origin in 2014, their value in Lebanon and Jordan making up about  15% of GDP in each country. A new World Bank Group report, Mobilizing the Middle East and North Africa Diaspora for Economic Integration and Entrepreneurship, argues that governments in MENA should give more formal recognition to the fact that their diaspora could play a much broader role in the transfer of other funds, like direct investment, as well as knowledge or “brain gain”, skills, and professional networks. Moving beyond remittances There are some examples of this in the MENA region already. A recent large investment by aircraft manufacturers Bombardier of Canada to produce aircraft parts in Morocco likely followed an earlier investment made by Boeing in 2001 that owed much to contacts established by an expatriate Moroccan at Boeing, leading to the contract, itself negotiated by the Moroccan government. “Personal ties can make global business easier,” states the report. “For me, the key information is it’s not just about remittances or governments in MENA thinking of the diaspora occasionally, only when they need it,” said Mariem Malouche, lead author of the report. “It’s about governments really reaching out to people and engaging them. There are millions of people living in the diaspora and they can play much more of a role in development.” According to Malouche, what surprised her most in researching the report on MENA was “the very high commitment of citizens living in the diaspora and how involved and engaged they are, not only with their country of origin but also with their city of origin.” A survey conducted among members of the MENA diaspora for the report concluded exactly this; the single most important factor in their interest was the sentiment of belonging. And the one reform that would most increase their involvement was for their respective governments to make them feel relevant, like active partners and actors capable of contributing in a broader variety of ways to the development of the local economy. Lebanon is an example of this: its established diaspora numbers millions of people around the world. Members of its diaspora said that giving Lebanese mothers married to non-Lebanese the right to pass their Lebanese citizenship on to their children would make a big difference to them. Other Lebanese living abroad said they would like the right to vote back home. The Philippines provides an example of good practice. With about 10 million of its citizens living and working abroad, its diaspora is equal to about 10% of its population, and it taps the potential by recognizing the positive role it can play. The Philippines manages its relations with its diaspora at cabinet level, allowing its citizens abroad dual citizenship and overseas voting. It acknowledges what the diaspora brings to its society as a whole but also what it needs to receive: for diaspora to function well, the report says host governments should be committed to treating migrant and diaspora populations well. The Philippines advocates in favor of the rights of its citizens abroad. Most importantly for its migrants themselves are the benefits they receive, such as global legal assistance, the portability of their pensions, and help to one day return home and reintegrate. More effort needed by governments Morocco, whose government says it has 2.8 million citizens in the diaspora, and Tunisia, 1.2 million citizens abroad, both have government offices for their diaspora communities, and allow dual citizenship and overseas voting. Algeria also makes some effort to engage its diaspora of about 1.7 million, though people who consider themselves French-Algerian sometimes choose not to vote in Algeria. But it takes more to encourage the diaspora to overcome its deep mistrust of MENA governments. Formal recognition of diaspora communities would reassure them and is also something “elite diaspora” are particularly sensitive to. At the moment, members of the diaspora cite “mentoring” and “joint collaboration” as their most common forms of involvement with people back home. Many are prepared to part with some money. In MENA, even amounts of up to $10,000 can give entrepreneurs a start. Unemployment in many MENA nations is high, particularly among young college graduates and women. These are groups of people who MENA citizens living abroad should find it easy to identify with—in part because the majority of MENA citizens working in the diaspora are young professionals themselves. If just 1 % of MENA’s diaspora is engaged more fully in the development of their countries of origin, that alone would mobilise 200,000 professionals, the actions of a few, as the report puts, making all the difference. Despite reservations, MENA respondents in the diaspora feel strongly connected to their countries of origin 85% of respondents said giving back to their country of origin is important to them 86% said they would like to be more connected to their country of origin 68% said they were willing to invest capital and trade with country of origin About one quarter said they would be willing to invest $10,000–$50,000 About half said weak business environment in country of origin is main obstacle Source: Mobilizing the Middle East and North Africa Diaspora for Economic Integration and Entrepreneurship CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious قوة ارتباط المغتربين العرب بأوطانهم يمكن أن يلعب دوراً في تنمية المنطقة Next PostNext حشد جهود المغتربين من منطقة الشرق الأوسط وشمال أفريقيا من أجل تحقيق التكامل الاقتصادي وريادة الأعمال Search Recent Posts Aussie viewers love TV on their terms In Rural Mozambique, Bank-Funded Irrigation Systems Bring Back Life and Hope to Small Farmers Em Moçambique, regadios devolvem vida e esperança a pequenos agricultores Madagascar Statistical Capacity Building Project World Bank and Madagascar Commit to Better Statistics for Improved Decision-making Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Time Machine Gazette Store Fact Checker Flood 2016 Online Games Special Events Special Sections Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Funeral set for Cedar Rapids teen killed in crash Iowa water sensors show 2016 uptick in nitrates Hlas: Ten years later, “Masters winner” just part of Zach Johnson’s story Prairie grad Scott Schebler gets 1st MLB opening-day start Allamakee County woman seriously hurt in fall from moving pickup Prairie grad Scott Schebler gets 1st MLB opening-day start Farewell to winter Two people killed in Louisiana mobile home hit by possible tornado Allamakee County woman seriously hurt in fall from moving pickup Disabled or desperate? Rural Americans turn to disability as jobs dry up China counters Trump trade threat with binding economic ties Video Photo Workers arrange barricades in front of a Boeing Co. 787-9 aircraft operated by Hainan Airlines Co. at the China International Aviation & Aerospace Exhibition in Zhuhai, China, on Oct. 31, 2016. MUST CREDIT: Bloomberg photo by Qilai Shen. Construction materials sit in front of the loading docks at the Fuyao Glass America production facility in Moraine, Ohio, on Aug. 19, 2016. MUST CREDIT: Bloomberg photo by Ty Wright. By WP Bloomberg Apr 1, 2017 at 7:54 am | Print View If President Donald Trump gets confrontational with Chinese President Xi Jinping over trade at their Mar-a-Lago summit in Florida in April, the Chinese leader will have potential allies in some surprising places — namely, Austin, Sacramento and Olympia. The economic ties that bind China to the U.S. are primarily regional and run deep. Now, with a wild card in the White House, the Chinese want even more leverage should bilateral trade relations get hammered. China’s Ministry of Commerce says it’s working to expand various investment agreements with California, Texas, Iowa and other states, deals it estimates were worth $2.5 billion to U.S. and Chinese businesses in 2016 alone. “‘A good relationship between two nations is based on close connection between their peoples,’” said Sun Jiwen, a spokesman for the ministry, citing an old Chinese saying. “Province-state and intercity economic partnerships provide an important foundation for China-U. S. economic ties.” While the outreach is a continuation of regional ties promoted for several years by Xi, it’s taken on added urgency as Trump’s economic team weighs whether to follow through on campaign-trail promises of tariffs of as much as 45 percent on Chinese goods. Part of the thinking is that making more American friends outside Washington could slow the push for protectionist measures, according to a person involved in the ministry’s campaign who asked not to be identified discussing its internal deliberations. If such cooperation flourishes, “it will not be easy for anyone to shake,” says He Weiwen, a former ministry official who’s now deputy director of the Beijing-based Center for China and Globalization. Attention has focused on the massive trade deficit in trade of goods with China — $347 billion in 2016, almost half of the U.S. total. But China, with its 1.37 billion people, is also among the top three export markets for 33 states. Texas oil and gas producers, Michigan automakers and Georgia paper mills would all suffer if China were to impose import restrictions in response to American tariffs. China has also ramped up its investments in the U.S. — by one estimate, they tripled last year to $45.6 billion — which helps create the jobs Trump has promised. U.S.-China trade ties aren’t solely between Zhongnanhai and the White House. They’re forged in places like Moraine, Ohio, where American workers are employed by Fuyao Glass, a Chinese-owned company that bought part of a shuttered General Motors plant in 2014. Many of China’s cross-border investments are welcomed locally and aren’t the kind of deals that draw scrutiny from the U.S. government, which reviews foreign purchases for national security concerns. In Lancaster, California, a desert town north of Los Angeles hit hard by the financial crisis, the Republican mayor, R. Rex Parris, in 2008 began courting the Chinese electric vehicle maker BYD Co., which is part-owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway. “Saved our city,” he says of BYD’s electric bus plant in Lancaster. BYD now employs almost 500 there and anticipates tripling that within three years. “I’m telling people, ‘you’re going to have to not want a job to not have one,’” says Parris, who expects the local unemployment rate to drop to 2 percent. China’s Ministry of Commerce began formalizing the provincial-state ties in 2012, when Xi visited the U.S. and talked with governors including Iowa’s Terry Branstad, an old friend from a 1980s cultural exchange, about boosting trade opportunities. California, Texas, Iowa, Michigan, New York, the state of Washington and the city of Chicago have since signed agreements with the Ministry of Commerce, calling for regular trade visits, business matchmaking and other exchanges. The deals cover 25 Chinese provinces and cities, which sent 22 delegations to the U.S. in 2016 while the U.S. organized 14 trips to China, according to the ministry. Officials and executives from Shanghai made two visits last year to Chicago, which helped convince the popcorn maker Garrett Popcorn to choose the city for its first store in mainland China, according to a statement from Shanghai’s commerce commission. In the manufacturing hub of Guangdong, officials plan a slate of cooperative activities this year, among them setting up a regional trade office in Los Angeles, hosting a biotech delegation from Massachusetts and sending representatives to an “Invest in America” summit sponsored by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Guangdong Commerce Department said in a written statement. Bob Honts, the owner of Texas Lone Star Enterprises in Austin, Texas, accompanied Texas governor Rick Perry on a trade mission to China in 2014. Honts, whose company raises investment money under the EB-5 visa program, says Chinese immigrants have put $200 million into real estate, oil exploration and other ventures in the state. “To ignore the Chinese is like you’ve got this racecar and you’re using three cylinders out of eight,” says Honts, a Republican. “You can’t do that. We need to work with China.” Trump hasn’t resolved tension in his administration between hard line advisers like Stephen Bannon, who has called for “economic nationalism,” and such moderate voices as Branstad, who’s now slated to become Trump’s ambassador to China. Few companies have more to lose from a trade war than Boeing, which makes most of its commercial jetliners in Washington state and has collected $60.2 billion from deliveries to China since 2000, according to data compiled by Bloomberg Intelligence. That far outweighs the $800 million to $1 billion that Boeing spends a year on aircraft parts made in the People’s Republic, joint ventures and other operations. At Boeing Field in Seattle, many of the 737s lined up for testing are Chinese domestic carriers. But if would-be Chinese buyers get caught in the middle of a trade war, “they will simply buy Airbus,” says Gary Locke, a former governor of the state who was also ambassador to China under former President Barack Obama. The state’s director of commerce, Brian Bonlender, went to China in preparation for a visit from provincial officials that had been planned for June but now has been pushed back to September and a planned trade mission led by Washington Gov. Jay Inslee in August. Bonlender says his counterparts at the ministry in China have been more “engaged” and “helpful” since Trump’s election — and seem especially focused on finding Chinese businesses with advanced ideas for investment projects and bringing them to the state’s attention. “We’re very encouraged” by the increased outreach, Bonlender says, adding that it’s likely due in part to the “changing tenor of international engagement” under Trump. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next articles Disabled or desperate? Rural Americans t ... Funeral set for Cedar Rapids teen killed ... Allamakee County woman seriously hurt in ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business Monday April 2, 2017 12:00 PM Powerful aviation industry soars in Miami-Dade Miami International Airport Miami International Airport American Airlines’ total Miami workforce of 12,000 includes 600 mechanics who provide scheduled maintenance and repairs to an average of 47 aircraft every day for AA’s Boeing and Airbus passenger planes. Brandon Wade Miami International Airport/April 9, 2015 Capt. George Walters, a Boeing flight instructor, demonstrates the 787 flight simulator at the Boeing Flight Services Miami campus at 6601 NW 36th St. Jose A. Iglesias El Nuevo Herald/File, Aug. 29, 2013 Heico’s leadership, from left: Victor Mendelson and Eric Mendelson, co-presidents, and Laurans Mendelson, chairman and chief executive officer, at the company’s offices at 3000 Taft Street in Hollywood. Roberto Koltun rkoltun@miamiherald.com Terminal D at Miami International Airport. In 2016, the airport welcomed 44.6 million passengers, up 16 percent since 2011. John Gillan Miami International Airport American Airlines employees and passengers in Miami at Miami International Airport on April 9, 2015. This was taken in American’s huge maintenance and repair center at MIA. Brandon Wade American Airlines 1 of 6 i By Joseph A. Mann Jr. josephmannjr@gmail.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story NEXT WEEK: The rapid growth of international passenger flights from Miami and Fort Lauderdale have made the world South Florida’s oyster. That frequent rumble overhead signals more than just another planeload of New Yorkers escaping to the tropics. Building on its early 20th century history as a commercial and military flight center, Miami is thrusting deeper into the aviation cosmos, increasing its presence as an international nexus for aviation and aerospace services. In the past five years, local aviation-sector jobs have grown from a total of $1.2 billion in payroll to $2 billion, now accounting for one one of every four local jobs. That growth helps explain why the industry’s top trade group, the International Air Transport Association (IATA), has chosen Miami for its key North American confab in 2017. The Wings of Change conference, slated for May 2-3, will bring together about 300 industry decision makers from around the region to discuss infrastructure, regulatory issues, passenger trends and technology. “The purpose of Wings of Change is to bring together key air transport decision-makers, government officials and airlines to examine aviation’s top priority issues and map out strategies for the industry’s future,” said Peter Cerdá, the Miami-based regional vice president for the Americas at IATA, which represents 268 airlines in 121 countries. “Air transport has an oversized footprint in the local economy, and it is fitting that we recognize this example and leadership by bringing Wings of Change to Miami.” The conference is the result of ongoing efforts by the Miami-Dade Beacon Council, the county’s economic development agency supported by tax dollars and private funds. The council’s 20-year initiative to grow the aviation industry kicked into high gear under the 2012 One Community One Goal economic diversification program, which identified the industry as a target for growth. In the years since, Miami has partnered with the offices of the county mayor and Florida governor to boost its brand at industry events including the signature Paris Air Show and has played host to peripatetic conferences, including the industry’s overhaul and repair conference. The Wings of Change conference, slated for May 2-3, will bring together about 300 industry decision makers from around the region to discuss infrastructure, regulatory issues, passenger trends and technology. While initiatives to bring a commercial air show to Miami-Dade have been quashed by the Pentagon and environmentalists, Beacon Council officials hope the Wings of Change conference will become a signature Miami event that will help attract and grow the industry’s local presence, much like SeaTrade, a long-standing global cruise shipping conference, and eMerge Americas, the 4-year-old tech conference. Though each of those are held annually, Wings of Change — previously held in Chile — would likely be held every two years, said James Kohnstamm, the Beacon Council’s senior vice president of economic development. The Miami event “will be a real opportunity to highlight the importance of the industry for Miami-Dade,” said Alex de Gunten, an executive with South Florida-based HEICO and chairman of the Miami-Dade Beacon Council’s aviation committee. Thanks to Miami’s organic growth as an international destination and the council’s efforts, the number of aviation and aerospace companies in Miami-Dade has grown from 448 in 2011 to 483 today, resulting in industry-sector job growth of 23 percent and an increase of average salaries from $60,491 to $82,811. In Broward County, industry jobs have grown nearly as much, by 20.8 percent over the past five years. When it comes to vying for aviation business, Miami has plenty of competition. But while Boeing’s home field of Seattle-Tacoma commandeers U.S. manufacturing, Southern California ranks high for repair and maintenance, Memphis competes for for parts distribution, and Florida’s Space Coast competes for aerospace ventures, Miami brings together multiple critical services in a single location: overhaul and maintenance, parts distribution and training for both aviation and aerospace. The number of aviation and aerospace companies in Miami-Dade has grown from 448 in 2011 to 483 today, resulting in industry sector job growth of 23 percent and an increase of average salaries from $60,491 to $82,811. “Miami has a number of areas — like tourism and real estate — where we have a competitive advantage,” said Jerry Haar, a business professor at Florida International University. “But we don't have many with a sustainable competitive advantage, and one of these is aviation. “We’re the gateway to the Americas. When LatAm Airlines or other regional air carriers need to service their planes, they don’t go to Denver ... They come to Miami,” Haar said. “You have an industrial cluster here — airports, commercial and private aviation, parts and services, pilot training, attorneys specializing in aviation law. Anything that feeds into and out of aviation is here.” All are just steps from the nation’s busiest airport for international cargo and third-busiest for international passenger traffic. Miami International and five smaller public airports used for private air traffic account for 37,500 direct jobs and support 282,000 direct and indirect jobs — one out of four in Miami-Dade, according to Joseph Napoli, chief of staff and senior policy advisor for the Miami-Dade Aviation Department. Napoli, who was a U.S. army colonel, took over the MIA position in early 2014. While MIA is the region’s biggest player by far, aviation is also a multibillion industry in Broward, according to the Greater Fort Lauderdale Alliance, the public-private economic development organization for Broward. Its hub is the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport, which employs 12,500 directly and has an annual economic impact of more than $13.2 billion. At MIA alone, more than 200 companies work in maintenance, repair and overhaul. Hundreds of others are dotted around the county and in Broward. Some are relatively small, like Avionica, which makes electronic devices with a team of 55. Others are giants , like publicly traded Boeing. At MIA alone, more than 200 companies work in maintenance, repair and overhaul. Industry jobs involve a wide range of skills, including maintenance, repair, air traffic control, fuel services, catering, freight, security, customs and freight logistics, engineering, passenger services, clean manufacturing of electronics and complex parts. And actually flying the aircraft. One of the best known locally is HEICO, a publicly traded company that designs and builds high-tech components for aircraft, spacecraft, telecommunications systems and defense and medical equipment. HEICO’s Miami center repairs and overhauls thrust reversers and engine cowlings. In Hollywood, the company manufactures replacement parts for jet engines. Facilities in 19 other states and 12 countries have made components for NASA’s Juno spacecraft and its OSIRIS Rex spacecraft, underwater locator beacons for flight and data recorders, self-sealing auxiliary fuel tanks for military helicopters and power supplies for radar and electronic warfare on warships. Since 2011, the company has doubled in size, de Gunten said. HEICO now has more than 5,000 employees worldwide — more than 1,000 in Florida — with annual revenues of $1.5 billion. Other local players include: ▪ KLX Aerospace Solutions, an international distributor of specialized aerospace parts and equipment. In late 2016, the company announced it would move its global quarters from Palm Beach County to Miami-Dade, expanding its current Miami workforce of 600 with 400 additional hires in the coming years. ▪ American Airlines. The company’s total Miami workforce of 12,000 includes 600 mechanics who provide scheduled maintenance and repairs to an average of 47 aircraft every day for AA’s Boeing and Airbus passenger planes. “We’ve added about 100 mechanics since the merger with US Airways [in 2013],” said Roy Fonseca, the MIA-based managing director of line maintenance for AA’s southeast region. The company stocks $135 million in parts and equipment inventory here, including supply parts for other repair stations in most of Florida, Latin America and the Caribbean. ▪ AAR, an international firm that repairs landing gear assemblies and airframes at three Miami sites. They have several hundred employees in Miami. ▪ Barfield, a maintenance and repair company affiliated with Air France and KLM that has three facilities and 350 employees here. Miami-Dade’s success in attracting a wide range of companies is thanks partly to its strong talent pool, said Jaap Donath, the Beacon Council’s senior vice president of research and strategic planning. And that, in turn, is thanks to educational programs at George T. Baker Aviation, a program of Miami-Dade Public Schools; Miami Dade College’s School of Aviation; aviation programs at Florida Memorial University; and engineering programs at Florida International University and the University of Miami. Highly lauded Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University also is in Florida, at Daytona Beach, with a large branch in Fort Lauderdale. The quality of education has translated into flight training as well. Miami now has the nation’s largest cluster of flight-training facilities and simulators, Kohnstamm said. They include a Boeing facility used to train pilots from all over the world, and Airbus’s Americas flight training center. Earlier this year, a Franco-Italian turboprop-plane manufacturer ATR opened a Miami training center, creating about 40 new jobs. Miami-Dade’s success in attracting a wide range of companies is thanks partly to its strong talent pool, said Jaap Donath, the Beacon Council’s senior vice president of research and strategic planning. The pilots who come here to Miami may come for weeks at a time, bringing their families with them, Kohnstamm said. “They have a big impact on the local economy,” using hotels or rental apartments, eating at restaurants, shopping, renting vehicles and visiting local sites. Miami International Airport is a key driver. Airport officials want to keep it that way. In 2016, the airport welcomed a total of 44.6 million passengers, up 16 percent since 2011. It increased its tonnage of cargo by 9 percent to 2.1 million tons, equal to $53 billion in air freight imports and exports — making it the largest U.S. airport in international air freight. Miami International Airport generated $33.7 billion for the local economy, making it the county’s largest economic engine. That figure included direct income and expenditures of MIA and all the people and enterprises operating there, including fees charged by the airport, wages and spending on the acquisition of goods and services plus money spent by travelers and others. It also counts the ripple effect from payments made in other business-to-business operations and to people outside MIA, who then spend money in the local economy. Global passenger traffic is expected to double by 2035, Napoli said; along with the 20 new international destinations it has added over the past three years, it is seeking new passenger routes to Asia. Adding a new international daily flight has a ripple effect, adding $30 million per year to the city’s economy, he said. For growth to continue, MIA must expand without become too expensive for carriers. “Often it isn’t about building the next Taj Mahal, but creating a cost-efficient environment while providing the airlines room to grow,” Napoli said. On the cargo side, MIA has increased its role in transporting pharmaceuticals and perishables as it continues to invest in new technology. “But just like on the passenger side, it is vital that the air cargo industry future-proof itself” by eliminating paper documents and using e-freight. “We can’t build a brand-new airport with unlimited space and money, like in the Middle East,” Napoli said. “We have a competitive edge and a sound strategic plan. We’re looking at innovative ways to grow.” A previous version of this story misstated the number of American Airlines’ total workforce at Miami International Airport. Miami Herald writers Jane Wooldridge and Chabeli Herrera contributed to this report. Economic impact of aviation, aerospace on Miami-Dade and the region Miami’s long history in commercial aviation and its burgeoning role as a major hub for domestic and international travel, global air cargo and logistics have generated a huge demand for aviation-related goods and services. Home to operations for 109 airlines, Miami International Airport now is in first place among U.S. airports for international air freight and third place for movement of international passengers. Aside from MIA, there are five other public-use airports in Miami-Dade County: Miami Executive Airport, Miami Opa-locka Executive Airport, Miami Homestead General Aviation Airport, the Dade-Collier Training and Transition Airport, and the Miami Seaplane Base. There are also more than 30 private airports and heliports in the county. MIA alone is an economic dynamo: Economic impact on South Florida in 2016: $33.4 billion Direct jobs: 37,500 Direct and indirect jobs: 282,000 (one in every four jobs in Miami-Dade. This includes suppliers of goods and services) Total passengers (domestic and international): 44.6 million Air cargo: $53 billion MIAMI-DADE COUNTY ▪ 483 aviation and aerospace companies ▪ Salaries averaging $83,435 per year ▪ First place nationwide for its cluster of global flight simulators. ▪ 7.9 percent estimated growth rate for aviation and aerospace between 2016 and 2017, compared to 3.4 percent nationally. Sources: Miami International Airport, Miami-Dade Beacon Council and Economic Modeling Specialists International (EMSI) Aviation and aerospace companies in Miami-Dade and Broward counties Here is a sample of the hundreds of companies that operate in the regional aviation and aerospace sector. The list includes manufacturers of parts and equipment, service companies (maintenance, repair, overhaul, fuel) as well as aviation and flight training facilities, some of which are part of large international air carriers. It does not include the 109 commercial airlines that fly in and out of Miami International Airport. AAR (Aircraft maintenance and repair, including airframe, landing gear brakes) AeroThrust Holdings (jet engine maintenance, repair, overhaul) Airbus Americas Flight Training Center American Airlines maintenance and repair for the Southeast Apollo Aviation Group (manages aviation assets) ATR North America (Airbus and Leonardo) Avionica Inc. (avionics manufacturer) George T. Baker Aviation Technical College Barfield Inc. (aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul for Air France Industries/KLM Engineering and Maintenance) Boeing Flight Training Services Bombardier (maintenance and repair for Bombardier aircraft) Embraer (aircraft manufacturing, maintenance, repair) Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University Florida Memorial University Department of Aviation and Safety HEICO Corp. (manufactures avionics and aircraft parts and components) KLX Aerospace Solutions (distributes aerospace fasteners and hardware) LAN Cargo maintenance Miami Dade College EIG-Watson School of Aviation Pan Am International Flight Academy (All Nippon Airways) Ramjet (acquisition and sales of corporate aircraft) Satair Group (Airbus subsidiary civil aircraft parts and management) Sheltair Aviation Services University of Miami School of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering World Fuel Services Source: Miami Herald research For Miami, the idea of a commercial air show is grounded Spectacular air shows featuring military aircraft and aerobatics are regular events in South Florida. But efforts to set up a commercial air show in Miami-Dade, a sub-tropical version of the Paris Air Show or the Farnborough International Air Show, have so far failed to get off the ground. International events like Paris and Farnborough combine public air shows with huge private trade exhibitions touting the latest aviation and aerospace equipment — both civilian and military — to potential buyers like commercial airlines, governments, the military, corporate clients and the wealthy. Miami-Dade officials and local businessmen have tried to promote the idea for several years. An early plan to stage the show at the Homestead Air Reserve Base was shot down by the Pentagon in 2011. A subsequent site, the Dade-Collier Training and Transition Airport in the Big Cypress National Preserve, formerly the Everglades Jetport, encoutered sharp opposition from environmentalists and didn’t get off the ground. Seeing the great expansion of aviation and aerospace business in Miami-Dade, county mayor Carlos Gimenez promoted of the idea, leading two local delegations to the Paris Air Show. After his second trip to the Paris show in 2015, the mayor told the Miami Herald editorial board that a commercial air show would need more space than was available at the Everglades airport, and indicated that Homestead would be the more appropriate site. Since then, the show has been on standby. Asked recently by the Herald if there were any current plans to push ahead with the event, the Miami-Dade mayor’s office responded: “Miami-Dade County is not pursuing a commercial air show at this time. Mayor Gimenez would like to revisit the possibility of hosting one in our community in the near future. However, it is not something that is being actively studied.” — JOSEPH A. MANN JR. ‘Aviation’ and ‘aerospace’ — what’s the difference? Merriam Webster defines aviation as the operation of heavier-than-air aircraft, military airplanes and airplane manufacture, development, and design. Aerospace is defined as space comprising the earth’s atmosphere and the space beyond, a physical science that deals with aerospace, and the aerospace industry. People in business — especially those working in aviation and aerospace – see an overlap in these terms. Even though aerospace generally refers to rockets and satellites that go beyond earth’ atmosphere, many firms that called themselves aerospace companies actually work in both areas. Airbus, for example, says it is a company devoted to aeronautics, space and related services. It designs and manufactures commercial aircraft, helicopters, military aircraft and satellites. Airbus has a large regional training facility in Miami and an affiliate (Barfield) that services Airbus commercial planes. Hollywood-based HEICO Corp. manufactures replacement parts and electronic components for commercial aviation as well as advanced electronic equipment for spacecraft and other uses. It identifies itself as an aerospace, industrial, defense and electronics company. — JOSEPH A. MANN JR. If you go Event: Wings of Change Miami 2017 What it is: Organized by IATA and The Miami-Dade Beacon Council, the conference will bring together industry experts, senior airline and airport executives, and government authorities. The goal: to discuss aviation’s largest opportunities and key challenges across Latin American and the Caribbean, with a focus on Miami’s gateway role. When: May 2-3 Where: Ritz Carlton Coconut Grove Cost: $250-$450 Register: www.iata.org/events/Pages/wings-of-change.aspx Contact: WingsofChangeMIA@iata.org Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Monday Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:15 Voter tells of disruption at polling site Pause 0:38 Miami Heat's Goran Dragic on winning final games of the season 1:20 Colombia: 154 dead after rivers overflow, toppling homes 1:28 Josh Richardson discusses the final seconds of the loss against Denver 2:43 Parents of Lauren Lamar speak about Russell Bruce's actions the night of their daughter's death 0:59 Wyclef Jean being handcuffed by Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department 0:28 Families of murder victims want same speedy investigations as in police shooting cases 0:22 California Highway Patrol seeking car surfing daredevil after dangerous highway stunt 1:32 Trayvon Martin's parents on decision not to charge Zimmerman with hate crime 1:26 Taylor Townsend gets big win Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 months ago Pollo Tropical looks to get back on top 0:41 3 months ago Pollo Tropical looks to get back on top 1:39 8 months ago Historic Overtown Visitor Center tries to redefine the perception of Overtown 1:26 8 months ago Tropical Everglades Visitor Center has served more than 2 million people View more video Business Monday Powerful aviation industry soars in Miami-Dade Miami startup reinvents shopping for emergency insurance Meet some of South Florida’s dollmakers Chile a steady, growing factor in Miami real estate Business coach on facing workplace challenges: ‘It’s all about the mind-set’ Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
03/04/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live Bulletin Weather All views Sport 02/04/2017 Local hero Okruashvili takes gold in Georgia Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The crowd gave me so much power and I did what I wanted - I beat the Brazilian." World 02/04/2017 UK politician is slammed for 'sabre-rattling' over Gibraltar Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "How does this kind of diplomacy help our Brexit negotiations?" Tom Watson Labour Party Deputy Leader World 02/04/2017 Colombia: Rescue efforts intensify after deadly landslide Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "It breaks my heart" Juan Manuel Santos Colombian President World 02/04/2017 UK could return to blue passports Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The humiliation of having a pink European Union passport will now soon be over" Andrew Rosindell UK Member of Parliament World 02/04/2017 UK politician compares Gibraltar issue to Falklands war Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Gibraltar is going to be protected all the way" Michael Fallon UK defence minister World 31/03/2017 Serbian PM expected to win presidential election Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 31/03/2017 Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn "has a story to tell" Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 31/03/2017 Sturgeon puts pressure on London for Scotland independence vote Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The will of the Scottish Parliament must be respected" Nicola Sturgeon Scottish First Minister more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > World > First flight of Boeing's newest and largest Dreamliner Now Reading: First flight of Boeing's newest and largest Dreamliner USA 31/03/2017 First flight of Boeing's newest and largest Dreamliner Today's Top Stories Republic of Ecuador 03/04/2017 Moreno claims victory in Ecuador election but rival calls for a recount Serbia 03/04/2017 Aleksandar Vucic scores a big win in Serbian presidential poll Armenia 02/04/2017 Armenia: Ruling party well ahead in parliamentary election (exit polls) Aa Aa Editor's choice View 01/04/2017 Northern Ireland: Meaningful peace needs a meaningless border View 31/03/2017 Brexit view: from Great Britain to Little England world news 30/03/2017 Fighting to win - parents brawl at a junior football match in Spain last updated: 31/03/2017 Euronews The first flight of Boeing’s newest and largest Dreamliner model has taken place. The 787-10 took off successfully from an airport in South Carolina, the start of a flight test programme. The price tag for one plane is worth the equivalent of a cool 293 million euros. Share this article: More about: Boeing Airlines Aeronautical industry USA Page 1 Copy 34 All views Get a different perspective Every story can be told in many ways: see the perspectives from Euronews journalists in our other language teams. Edition: Français Premier vol d'essai pour le Dreamliners géant de Boeing See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Deutsch Touchdown! Neue Boeing 787-10 absolviert Testflug See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Italiano Aviazione: primo volo del Dreamliner 787-10 della Boeing See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Español El Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner despega con éxito en su primer vuelo de prueba See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Português Novo "Dreamliner" da Boeing já voa See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Türkçe Boeing'in yeni modeli test uçuşlarına başladı See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Українська Boeing провів тестування нового пасажирського літака Dreamliner See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Pусский Dreamliner 787-10 впервые покорил небо See translation Auto-Translated Edition: العربية أول رحلة تجريبية لبوينغ 787-10 See translation Auto-Translated Edition: فارسی پرواز بزرگ ترین هواپیمای مسافربری بوئینگ See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Ελληνικά Boeing: Η πρώτη δοκιμαστική πτήση για το νέο Dreamliner See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Magyar Felszállt a Boeing legújabb Dreamlinere See translation Auto-Translated Most viewed Serbia 02/04/2017 Serbia PM Vucic wins presidential poll by a landslide Armenia 02/04/2017 Armenia: Ruling party well ahead in parliamentary election (exit polls) United Kingdom 02/04/2017 UK politician is slammed for 'sabre-rattling' over Gibraltar Russia 02/04/2017 Russians rally against Kremlin, despite 'solid popularity' of Putin world news 02/04/2017 UK could return to blue passports Flashback: one year ago USA 03/04/2016 Two dead in US train derailment Thailand 03/04/2016 Deadly collision between train and double-decker bus in Thailand world news 03/04/2016 Famous jazz man "Gato" Barbieri dies aged 83 world news 03/04/2016 Questions over whether Turkey and Greece are ready for controversial return... Belgium 03/04/2016 Brussels airport cautiously reopens for a handful of flights Editor's choice View 01/04/2017 Northern Ireland: Meaningful peace needs a meaningless border View 31/03/2017 Brexit view: from Great Britain to Little England world news 30/03/2017 Fighting to win - parents brawl at a junior football match in Spain space 31/03/2017 Interactive map: Where do you look for life on Mars? brussels bureau 28/03/2017 'Numerous barriers' in accessing EU infertility services View 28/03/2017 How the city of Ghent copes with increased numbers of refugees? United Kingdom 29/03/2017 Farage: "The EU will not survive" world news 29/03/2017 The changing faces of Northern Ireland's murals View 31/03/2017 View: Is Emmanuel Macron the new Napoleon Bonaparte of France? See more USA 31/03/2017 Michael Flynn's request for immunity from prosecution reportedly rejected by Congress Today's Top Stories Republic of Ecuador 03/04/2017 Moreno claims victory in Ecuador election but rival calls for a recount Serbia 03/04/2017 Aleksandar Vucic scores a big win in Serbian presidential poll Armenia 02/04/2017 Armenia: Ruling party well ahead in parliamentary election (exit polls) Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Browse today's tags Elections Serbia Brexit Presidential election United Kingdom Russia Protest Colombia Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Toray Announces Consolidation of its North American Composite Materials Businesses TACOMA, Wash., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Toray Industries, Inc. (headquarters: Chuo-ku, Tokyo; President: Akihiro Nikkaku) announces the consolidation of its North American Carbon Fiber Composite Materials Businesses.  Toray Composites (America), Inc. [TCA], located in Tacoma, Washington, and Toray Carbon Fibers America, Inc.[CFA], located in Decatur, Alabama have been consolidated into a single business entity – Toray Composite Materials America, Inc. [CMA].   „This consolidation enables us to better integrate, better innovate, and better meet the demands of our customers,” said Moriyuki Onishi, President and CEO of the newly formed CMA.  „Our partners in the Aerospace, Automotive and Industrial markets demand ever increasing efficiency and a simplified relationship,” said Onishi. This consolidation will also include creation of Commercial Business Sectors – with Aerospace led by Tim Kirk, Vice President of Aerospace Sales and the Industrial Market led by Buster Tipton, Vice President of Industrial Sales.  These commercial business sectors will align Toray capability across product lines to increase customer value, shorten time to market, and strengthen critical relationships.   CMA’s Tacoma plant was first established in 1992 as TCA – incorporating in Pierce County and adjacent to Boeing’s Composite Manufacturing Center [CMC] – to enable an efficient supply stream of Toray’s Carbon Fiber Composite Materials. First used on the Boeing 777, Toray’s Carbon Fiber Composite Materials are now incorporated into the 777 and 787 primary structure and will be used on the new 777X wing. CMA’s Tacoma plant supplies a diverse customer base both domestically and internationally and is a major exporter from Washington State. CMA’s Decatur plant was first established in 1997 as CFA – incorporating in Morgan County.  The Decatur area has been known for its history in the chemical industries and offers attractive conditions for carbon fiber production.  CMA Decatur operates lines from precursor to carbon fiber and has a diverse base of customers in aerospace,  industrial, and automotive. It manufactures Standard Modulus [SM], Intermediate Modulus [IM] and Intermediate Modulus (+) [IM+] fibers for a global customer base.   CMA’s Spartanburg plant, will be an integrated facility to produce precursor, carbon fiber and prepreg in a single manufacturing facility.  This plant is a cornerstone of Toray’s growth in North America and provides critical supply chain redundancy and diversification.     To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/toray-announces-consolidation-of-its-north-american-composite-materials-businesses-300432830.html SOURCE Toray Composite Materials America, Inc. Related Links http://www.toraytca.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsRestructuring & Recapitalization Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ClubLink Corporation provides WayPoint Golf to Empower Tournament Organizers at all ClubLink Golf Courses Next PostNext Semi-Trailer Market Set for Rapid Growth and Trend, by 2027 Search Recent Posts Strip Pack Laminates Market Forecast and Segments, 2017-2027 Industrial Control Systems Market Products, Size, Share, Cost, Revenue, Applications and Forecast 2017-2022 Automotive Intake Manifold Market, 2017-2027 by Segmentation: Based on Product, Application and Region Explosion-Proof Equipment Market -Global Industry Analysis, Trends & Forecast 2017-2022 Express Glass, Fort Lauderdale’s Popular Sliding Glass Repair Service, Announces Five-Star Review Milestone on Yelp Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,663 -65.27 -0.31% Nasdaq 5,912 -2.61 -0.04% S&P 500 2,363 -5.34 -0.23% 3:00 A.M. ET Women are dropping $10,000 on ‘postpartum doulas’ to help them ‘process the birthing experience’ 2:43 A.M. ET Reckitt Benckiser to review food unit, options 2:21 A.M. ET China Caixin manufacturing PMI edges down in March 2:20 A.M. ET U.K. government cuts Lloyds stake to 1.97% 1:13 A.M. ET Australian house price growth fastest in 7 years 1:12 A.M. ET Oil prices hold steady as investors watch for Saudi exports 4/02 Australia retail sales unexpectedly drop in Feb. 4/02 Updated Trump says U.S. can resolve North Korea situation alone 4/02 Asian markets march toward gains ahead of U.S.-China summit 4/02 Updated Search for survivors in Colombia after flooding, landslide kill hundreds 4/02 Updated Over 60% of stock investors made money in March — even as Snap IPO hurt many 4/02 Updated Mark Cuban: Trump ‘had no clue’ about Russian campaign ties 4/02 Malaysia manufacturing output weakens in March 4/02 Updated The growing divide between the haves and the have-nots, in one stunning chart 4/02 Updated Neil deGrasse Tyson says he won’t be a SpaceX customer until Elon Musk does this 4/02 Updated Trump presidency: a ‘buy low’ candidate? 4/02 Donald Trump has a really good reason for playing golf again 4/02 Japanese business confidence weaker than expected 4/02 South Carolina women win their first NCAA basketball title 4/02 Chicago teen arrested in sexual assault broadcast on Facebook Live Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global-IP Announces the Selection of SpaceX to Launch its 150 Gbps GiSAT-1 By Published: Apr 3, 2017 12:01 a.m. ET Share GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands, Apr 03, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Global-IP Cayman, the innovative satellite communications company with the mission to bring cost-effective Internet and related value-added services to Sub-Saharan Africa, announced today it has signed a launch services agreement with Space Exploration Technologies Corp. (“SpaceX”) for its first communication satellite GiSAT-1. GiSAT-1 is a High-Throughput Satellite (“HTS”) with 150 Gbps of capacity, currently under construction by The Boeing Company. SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket will launch GiSAT-1. The deployment is scheduled for Q4 2018 and will launch GiSAT-1 into its trajectory for geostationary orbit off the west coast of Africa. GiSAT-1 will have a mission life of 15 years. Emil Youssefzadeh, co-founder of Global-IP, said, “Our agreement with SpaceX marks the completion of another major milestone towards getting our innovative service platform operational to serve a growing market with lagging Internet penetration.” “We are pleased to partner with Global-IP for this important mission,” said Gwynne Shotwell, President and COO, SpaceX. “Once fully deployed, this satellite will expand Internet services across Sub-Saharan Africa, benefiting both consumers and businesses.” Mr. Youssefzadeh noted, “Global-IP’s first HTS will cover areas across Sub-Saharan Africa with a combined population of over 800 million people. We envision our investment in this project will increase the Internet penetration across the region and contribute significantly to the economic growth of all the countries we will serve.” Global-IP is incorporated in the Cayman Islands, with operations in California and Dubai. The company’s vision is to be the catalyst in creating a paradigm shift on how the Internet is accessed and used in Africa. For more information, please visit www.goglobalip.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170402005120/en/ SOURCE: Global-IP Cayman Global-IP Cayman Umar Javed, +1 424-367-1003 ujaved@goglobalip.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Instagram users: we’ve created the most narcissistic social network on the planet Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco Mark Cuban: Trump ‘had no clue’ about Russian campaign ties Think you would win an argument with a robot? Watch this. MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Global-IP Announces the Selection of SpaceX to Launch its 150 Gbps GiSAT-1 GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Global-IP Cayman, the innovative satellite communications company with the mission to bring cost-effective Internet and related value-added services to Sub-Saharan Africa, announced today it has signed a launch services agreement with Space Exploration Technologies Corp. (“SpaceX”) for its first communication satellite GiSAT-1. GiSAT-1 is a High-Throughput Satellite (“HTS”) with 150 Gbps of capacity, currently under construction by The Boeing Company. SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket will launch GiSAT-1. The deployment is scheduled for Q4 2018 and will launch GiSAT-1 into its trajectory for geostationary orbit off the west coast of Africa. GiSAT-1 will have a mission life of 15 years. Emil Youssefzadeh, co-founder of Global-IP, said, “Our agreement with SpaceX marks the completion of another major milestone towards getting our innovative service platform operational to serve a growing market with lagging Internet penetration.” “We are pleased to partner with Global-IP for this important mission,” said Gwynne Shotwell, President and COO, SpaceX. “Once fully deployed, this satellite will expand Internet services across Sub-Saharan Africa, benefiting both consumers and businesses.” Mr. Youssefzadeh noted, “Global-IP’s first HTS will cover areas across Sub-Saharan Africa with a combined population of over 800 million people. We envision our investment in this project will increase the Internet penetration across the region and contribute significantly to the economic growth of all the countries we will serve.” Global-IP is incorporated in the Cayman Islands, with operations in California and Dubai. The company’s vision is to be the catalyst in creating a paradigm shift on how the Internet is accessed and used in Africa. For more information, please visit www.goglobalip.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States and Global Automotive Components Industry 2017-2022 Forecast Report Next PostNext Auger Filler Market with Current Trends Analysis, 2017-2027 Search Recent Posts Global Automotive Axle Market 2017 Share, Growth, Key Manufacturers Analysis and Regional Forecast Auger Filler Market with Current Trends Analysis, 2017-2027 Global-IP Announces the Selection of SpaceX to Launch its 150 Gbps GiSAT-1 United States and Global Automotive Components Industry 2017-2022 Forecast Report United States and Global Automotive Components Industry 2017-2022 Forecast Report Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Neil Gorsuch ObamaCare Just In... Kushner makes trip to Iraq International — 5h 21m ago Lawyer tapped for Education role helped Trump campaign attack Clinton: report Administration — 5h 45m ago McCain: Trump is nothing like Reagan News — 7h 20m ago Trump makes little headway filling out Pentagon jobs Defense — 7h 22m ago IRS chief is unexpected survivor in Trump era Finance — 8h 53m ago Rand Paul had 'great time' golfing with Trump, 'getting closer' on healthcare Senate — 9h 17m ago Kremlin spokesman suggests meeting between Trump, Putin International — 9h 41m ago Admin. completes review of North Korea policy: report International — 10h 10m ago view all   Trump makes little headway filling out Pentagon jobs By Ellen Mitchell - 04/02/17 07:32 PM EDT 677   © Getty Images The nomination hearing this week for President Trump’s Air Force secretary nominee was a rare sight for those monitoring Trump’s progress filling Pentagon positions.  Former Rep. Heather Wilson (R-N.M.) – whose hearing was delayed several times because the White House hadn’t turned in required documents – is only the second of Trump’s Defense Department (DOD) picks to be interviewed by the Senate Armed Services Committee.  Trump so far has only seen one Pentagon nominee — Defense Secretary James Mattis — make it through the confirmation process and has 52 additional positions to fill. Many in the defense world are bothered by the holdup.  One defense consultant told The Hill there are rumblings that the slow pace of the process is causing the Pentagon “to kind of grind.” “It seems like at some point around March 1 it became more of a problem, the slow, tedious process in filling the posts,” the consultant said. The sluggish pace is also not missed by lawmakers. The top lawmakers on the House Armed Services oversight subcommittee this week sent a letter to Trump urging him to fill the existing vacancies at the DOD Office of the Inspector General and Office of Special Counsel. “We strongly encourage you to expeditiously put forth new nominees and move them through the confirmation process so that these offices can fully exercise their statutory duty to be effective and independent watchdogs,” Reps. Vicky Hartzler (R-Mo.) and Seth Moulton (D-Mass.), the chairwoman and ranking member of the subcommittee, said in the letter. And Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCainJohn McCainMcCain: Trump is nothing like Reagan Trump makes little headway filling out Pentagon jobs McCain: Nunes 'killed' opportunity for bipartisan investigation into Russian interference MORE (R-Ariz.) said earlier in March he is troubled by the “incredibly slow” pace. Katherine Kidder, a military personnel expert at the Center for a New American Security, told The Hill it’s much harder for DOD nominees to make it through the Senate confirmation process due to stricter rules compared to elsewhere in the government. “The Senate Armed Services Committee has a specific rule about complete divestiture of business interests,” Kidder said. “Whereas for other committees in order to get to a hearing, you can set up a blind trust, for the SASC the rules are a little more stringent, and you have to completely divest your business holdings. Because Trump has been pulling from the business community, it’s kind of exacerbated the effect of that rule.” But the White House is taking far longer to put forth nominees than the previous administration. A data tracker created by The Washington Post found that as of Saturday, Trump has sent just 43 nominations government-wide to the Senate, and of those, 21 have been confirmed. More than 480 other positions across the government still need nominees. At the same point in his administration, former President Barack ObamaBarack ObamaTrump makes little headway filling out Pentagon jobs Trump on his tweets: 'I don't regret anything' LGBTQ climate activists hold dance protest outside Ivanka Trump's home MORE had sent 92 nominees to the Senate and had 37 of them confirmed.   More than two months into the Trump administration, top Pentagon jobs are mostly filled with acting officials.   The biggest problem, one defense lobbyist said, is conflict between the new Pentagon head and the White House.  The tussle became public in March when Mattis pulled his pick for undersecretary for policy, Anne Patterson, after the White House implied it would not fight a likely battle for her confirmation. “Early on a lot of names that were floated by the Trump folks were rejected by the Mattis folks. A lot of names that Mattis floated were rejected by the Trump folks,” the lobbyist told The Hill. “That really slowed things down and there’s a been lot of friction between the two.”  A defense industry consultant agreed, and added that Mattis has proposed picks that were outright rejected by the administration – including Democrats and those from the traditional national security establishment that were anti-Trump during the campaign.  Mattis, the consultant said, has found Trump’s Pentagon offerings to be “just utterly unqualified, they don’t have any background” in defense policy. “Trying to find that combination of Republican, didn’t sign a ‘Never Trump’ document and has some real national security background is tough and also Mattis doesn’t particularly like political picks coming out, as shown by the tanking of Randy ForbesRandy ForbesTrump makes little headway filling out Pentagon jobs Why there's only one choice for Trump's Navy secretary Trump likely to tap business executive to head Navy: report MORE,” the consultant said. Forbes, a former Republican congressman from Virginia, was said to be in line for the Navy secretary position, but Mattis reportedly rejected him. Trump has only nominated 12 people for DOD positions since December, including a list of six names in mid-March that included Boeing's senior vice president of supply chain and operations Patrick Shanahan, picked for deputy secretary of Defense, the Pentagon’s No. 2 position. But two of those 12 picks have already pulled out. Army Secretary nominee Vincent Viola and Navy Secretary nominee Philip Bilden both withdrew from consideration in February. They both have vast financial holdings, which would have made it difficult to meet Pentagon requirements against conflicts of interest. “When you nominate a billionaire, it’s just not a simple process,” the defense industry consultant said. “When that happens, everything else backs up in the system.” Kidder said many of the names floated by the administration are from the business community, whereas “a traditional president is pulling from a community of policy experts who built their lives and portfolios keeping in mind that someday they may need to sit through a Senate confirmation hearing.” She added that the business executives "haven’t necessarily organized their records in such a way that it’s an easy process, not that it’s an easy process for anyone.” Stricter government ethics rules for DOD jobs are also stretching out the timeline, the defense lobbyist said. “The rules have gotten much stricter over the last eight years, which makes it very hard for nominees to comply, whereas folks like Bilden and Viola had to withdraw,” the lobbyist said. “I think if this was 10 years earlier, they would not have had to.”  And Trump’s reliance on a relatively small campaign staff has given his administration a smaller pool of familiar faces to draw from. “I think that they had a very lean campaign operation so that when they won they had a lean transition, but also less of a talent pool to draw from had they had a larger operation, a larger team of loyalists that other campaigns are accustomed to,” the defense lobbyist said  The newly stated five-year lobbying ban for government officials is proving to be an additional obstacle. “You’re really shutting off people’s options for their post-government career - that’s like saying [press secretary] Sean Spicer can’t be a reporter after he leaves. I think it’s kind of a silly restriction,” the lobbyist said. “They’re putting too many roadblocks in their own path.”  The lobbyist was unimpressed with the recent batch of six nominees that came out in March. “I read the list and was like ‘eh.’ I didn’t recognize every name that was on there,” they said. But Kidder said she saw some progress in the announcement. “It feels like a lot of names on the slate of six is actually quite impressive and kind of signals a change toward real expertise coming into the building,” she said. “Patrick Shanahan from Boeing, he may run into the same kind of business issues as Viola and Bilden did, but I think given his area of expertise, he will probably have a smooth confirmation process.”  There is a light at the end of the tunnel, the defense industry consultant said. There are some 186 positions within the DOD that do not require Senate confirmation. Once the top positions make it through the confirmation process, the Pentagon should start filling up more quickly. Those individuals not requiring confirmation will still be vetted internally, “but it's going to be under a lot less political scrutiny,” they said.  “I personally know a bunch of people that are in the pipeline and have not been announced. The problem is the bottleneck and some of the disagreements between the White House and the Pentagon here in getting those top slots filled, but once that’s done I think everyone expects it’ll move relatively quickly.”  Once Wilson and the rest of the service secretaries are nominated and confirmed, the consultant said, “you’ll see a very fast flood” of names. “The Trump people are not going to have as much interest, they’re not going to care.” Tags Barack Obama Randy Forbes John McCain   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 LA Times on Trump: Nothing... The Los Angeles Times editorial board slammed President Trump, arguing... 136 Shares 2 Trump tells NBC to stop covering... President Trump on Saturday called for NBC News to devote more attention... 123 Shares 3 Don't look now: Hillary's back March represented a turning point as Clinton ratcheted up her opposition... 122 Shares 4 Judge rules lawsuit on Trump... A federal judge ruled that President Trump incited violence at a rally in... 76 Shares 5 Trump on his tweets: 'I don't... "If you issue hundreds of tweets, and every once in a while you have a... 74 Shares 6 The Memo: White House staff rise,... The internal dynamics of the White House have been shaken by the failed... 68 Shares 7 IRS chief is unexpected survivor... The White House has not given a definitive answer about John Koskinen's... 50 Shares 8 Sanders defends Trump voters: I... Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders (I) on Friday defended voters of President... 49 Shares 9 Trump makes little headway filling... Defense Secretary James Mattis remains the only Defense official to be... 48 Shares 10 McCain on Russia probe: 'Every... Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain (R-Ariz.) said Sunday... 48 Shares 11 Graham booed at town hall after... Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) was met with loud boos from constituents at a... 43 Shares 12 LGBTQ climate activists hold dance... Hundreds of people gathered outside of Ivanka Trump's home in Washington,... 40 Shares 13 McCain: Trump is nothing like... Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) dismissed the idea that there are any... 39 Shares 14 Conway accuses media of '... "I mean they say the same thing, show after show, day after day," Trump... 39 Shares 15 How North Korea could kill 90... OPINION | They could deliver a 30 kiloton weapon by land, sea or air, and... 37 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES AVIATION April 3, 2017 | Last updated 6 minutes ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: Gitex Shopper UAE holidays 2017 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Dubai gold is Dh6.25 cheaper: Time to buy? Dubai gold rates drop as Fed hike looms Gold Rate Sectors13 Markets14 Automotives Banking8 Construction Employment Features General Investment1 Media Careers Energy65 Retail Shipping Technology Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors Oil prices fall as US rig count stokes worries FDI flow linked to innovation, government plans New guidelines for Islamic Hotels Renewables Aviation1 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Etihad, Boeing check biofuel project at Masdar No-frills airline Frontier files for US IPO Biggest Boeing 787 Dreamliner takes to sky Economy14 Property2 GN Property top stories in Property For the wealthy, Burj is a bit accessible now For wealthy, Burj slightly more accessible ‘Future Cities Show’ 2017 to kick off on Sunday Money2 Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Etihad, Boeing check on biofuel project at Masdar Biomass to be converted into aviation fuel Published: 15:54 April 2, 2017 Staff Report   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Abu Dhabi: Top executives from Etihad Airways and Boeing visited integrated seawater and agriculture system facility within Masdar City to check on biofuel project this week, according to a statement. The facility is a world first, demonstrating the use of seawater and natural fertiliser from aquaculture to grow plant biomass which can be converted into aviation fuel. It is the flagship project of the “Sustainable Bioenergy Research Consortium” led by the Masdar Institute with members including Etihad Airways, Boeing, Takreer, GE and Safran. More from Aviation No-frills airline Frontier files for US IPO Biggest Boeing 787 Dreamliner takes to sky Emirates pranks the internet Emirates triple-decker turns out to be a prank Largest Dreamliner jet makes first test flight Etihad completes 5 years of operations to Kuwait Etihad, Qatar work around US cabin laptops ban IATA says electronics ban not effective tags from this storyMasdar follow this tag on MGNAbu Dhabi follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation tagsMasdar follow this tag on MGN+ MGNAbu Dhabi follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In AviationNo-frills airline Frontier files for US IPO Business Gallery Pictures: Gitex Shopper Spring 2017 Manufacturing is order of the day Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01Emirates triple-decker turns out to be a prank 02Biggest Boeing 787 Dreamliner takes to sky 03Etihad, Boeing check biofuel project at Masdar 04No-frills airline Frontier files for US IPO 05Emirates pranks the internet 36Images Robots, apps and 3D printing at Gitex Oct 22, 2015 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 38Images Region's popular tech event Gitex kicks off Oct 12, 2011 7Images Connection: Media talk Dec 22, 2010 Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 Play See the latest gadgets and tech from GITEX 2011 Oct 09, 2011 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Dubai fire: Police rescue 4 trapped workers Blood money case puts expat in limbo Are temperatures set to drop in UAE? Dh29 million offered in new Dubai scam Saudi ex-husband takes traffic fine revenge Parties in abandoned villas rattle residents Traffic jams and accidents hit Dubai 2017 UAE holidays Mohammad visits stabbed children Close Recommended For You UK enhances science collaboration with the UAEPUBLISHED ON Mar 27, 2017 EDF Group joins Masdar-led consortiumPUBLISHED ON Mar 22, 2017 Stop driving licences for expats: Kuwait MPPUBLISHED ON Apr 03, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Homeowner who found a 'naked' teacher's aide taking a SHOWER in his house, left to get his gun and then returned to SHOOT the 'intruder' dead through the bath curtain is charged with murder Jared Kushner visits Iraq: Trump's Middle East peace envoy son-in-law makes surprise visit as US and Iraqi forces close in on ISIS in the battle for Mosul  The secret to perfect packing? Underwear maths... and storing your shampoo in a contact lens case! A new book full of ingenious tips could mean you never have to put another suitcase in the hold again NYPD defies De Blasio's pledge to protect illegal immigrants from Trump and reports them to immigration officials 'If China won't deal with North Korea, I will': Donald Trump vows to get tough with Kim Jong-un over fears they could launch a NUKE at the US by 2020  How Uber uses psychological tricks to make its drivers work longer hours and earn more money for the company   Joan and Bette's Oscars showdown: The night cruel Crawford stole Davis' Academy Award and broke her heart is recreated in 'Feud' (and Sarah Paulson FINALLY debuts as Geraldine Page) The many hats of Hedda Hopper: How gossip queen conquered Hollywood at the age of 52 after her film career went up in flames and helped Joan Crawford destroy the 'vulgar' Bette Davis The daring US wiretapping operation carried out 400 feet underwater that helped steal Soviet secrets and end the Cold War 'He was like a zombie': Woman cop who shot dead unarmed black man defends herself on national TV and reveals her HUSBAND was watching in police helicopter as she fired Archaeologists discover medieval villagers in England hacked up dead bodies to prevent them returning as ZOMBIES The FBI rescues kidnapped girl, 11, in dramatic chase after she was snatched by uncle who murdered her grandparents WWE legend John Cena gets down on one knee and proposes to his girlfriend Nikki Bella in front of 70,000 fans at WrestleMania Entering the ring.... is Rob Gronkowsi! Patriots star crashes Wrestlemania and helps his ex-teammate win match after having his drink thrown at him by wrestler Incredible bravery of Sandy Hook teacher who told her class of children a story to try and keep them calm as Adam Lanza murdered 26 is revealed in documentary  Father of ten-year-old boy who was killed by his pet rat accuses Petco of being aware of the 'hidden dangers' as negligence trial begins Standing strong: Utah woman who saw her husband killed by her side in London terror attack smiles and stands on her own for the first time since tragedy Teacher is fired from $5,700-a-year New York Muslim school for showing a naked painting of Adam and Eve and saying 'they were not real' Judge rules that Donald Trump INCITED VIOLENCE when he chanted 'get em out of here' at protesters during Louisville rally Supreme Court showdown: McConnell says Neil Gorsuch will be confirmed this week, with or without Democrats... but Schumer insists it is unlikely he will reach 60 votes US ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley says there's 'no question' Russia meddled in the election  'Mainstream media are guilty of information underload': Kellyanne Conway accuses press of ignoring Trump's achievements over 'obsession' with Russia scandal GOP slams DNC chairman Tom Perez's insistence that Trump didn't win the election as 'dangerous' and 'unhinged' SNL writers admits they get 'a little scared' of Donald Trump's fury over their skits but say 'it's like we're doing something right if it's upsetting him' Previous Next Australia's attempt at reducing air pollution slammed as 'total failure' after huge increase in emissions  Australian government has been slammed for failure in keeping pollution at bay The country's biggest power stations have pumped even more toxic pollution Despite fight for clean air the biggest plant in NSW saw 770 per cent increase By Australian Associated Press Published: 11:44 EDT, 2 April 2017 | Updated: 11:51 EDT, 2 April 2017 e-mail View comments The government is been accused of total failure in the fight for clean air after Australia's largest polluters reported huge emission hikes.   A scathing assessment was delivered by Environmental Justice Australia (EJA) of state regulators after crunching numbers from the annual National Pollutant Inventory (NPI) at the weekend. Toxic emissions from the coal industry's mines, power stations and export terminals dominated the report. The Bayswater coal-fired power station in NSW (pictured) reported a colossal 770 per cent increase in toxic pollution during the last five years The power station contains four 660 Megawatt generating units, with each turbine generating the equivalent power of 16 Boeing-747 jet engines at full thrust The Bayswater coal-fired power station in NSW has reported a 770 per cent increase in toxic coarse particle pollution during the past five years. Further north, emissions from the Tarong Power Station in Queensland increased by 237 per cent in just one year. A handful of other coal-fired stations on the country's east coast also reported increased emissions, spurring calls from EJA for the commonwealth to take a bigger role in controlling toxic pollution. 'The health damage caused by air pollution costs Australians between $11 billion and $24.3 billion per annum, yet governments continue to allow polluters to poison communities,' EJA researcher James Whelan said. 'The latest NPI data reveals the total failure of Australian governments to control air pollution and highlights the need for much stronger pollution controls and regulation.' Coalmining is also Australia's second-largest source of coarse particle emissions, accounting for 393 million kilograms of pollution Electricity generation from coal-fired power stations remains the single largest contributor of deadly fine particle pollution, which the EJA says accounts for more than 3000 premature deaths a year. Coalmines are the third-largest source of fine particle pollution. 'Particle pollution from coalmines has trebled over a decade, defying state government pollution controls,' Dr Whelan said. Coalmining is also Australia's second-largest source of coarse particle emissions, accounting for 393 million kilograms of pollution, which is more than 40 per cent of the nation's total. The National Pollutant Inventory is an annual report on air pollution in Australia, published by the federal government using information supplied by various industries and compiled by states and territories. A handful of other coal-fired stations on the country's east coast also reported increased emissions Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched News videos Shocking moment dangerous dogs are shot by police in Bolton Jeep pushes a badly parked BMW into a parking space Woman freaks out at restaurant and accuses couple of having sex Is this Banksy?: Woman claims to have caught the artist at work This cockatoo can't help showing his love for Elvis Shocking scenes outside Sugar Hut after 'hit and run' incident Cyclists are thrown into the air after crashing into a car Arsenal supporters 'fight among themselves' during game Ivanka Trump's DC neighbor not pleased with gay dance protest Most adorable kitties get treats when they ring their bells Reckless driver overtakes lorry and brakes harshly in front of it Dashcam of Police chasing after suspected Stourbridge stabber Armed police 'shoot dead pack of five dangerous dogs'... GOP calls Tom Perez's statement that Trump didn't win the... 'I come up with a new position every week': Candyman... 'Oh my god, it's him': Woman claims she has caught the... 'Devastated' daughter, 18, whose mother, 50, and brother,... The hunt for the last £50,000 fiver: Hidden messages on... Blue passports WILL come back after Brexit as Home Office... Meghan Markle's estranged half-sister threatens to... House of horrors: Inside the tiny den where a monster... 'We're stunned, shocked and thrilled': Parents thank... Warning Theresa May 'would go to war' to defend Gibraltar... 'It's like a terrorist attack in Essex': Actor films... Humiliated by British Airways: Tearful pensioner, 87, sat... Diesel drivers could be charged up to £20 DAILY and be... 'Door bell doesn't work. Shout "ding dong" really loud':... Royals on the piste! Duchess of Cambridge jetted out to... Dead from dementia at 40: British teacher becomes one of... 'If China won't deal with North Korea, I will': Donald... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 0 Share what you think No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts, or debate this issue live on our message boards. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Kim Kardashian frightened but unhurt after man crashes into her prompting swift reaction by security guard  In LA Sunday night Sheer booty! Kim Kardashian stuns in see-through gown and figure-hugging bodysuit at Fashion Los Angeles Awards The center of attention WWE legend John Cena gets down on one knee and proposes to his girlfriend Nikki Bella in front of 70,000 fans at WrestleMania Sealed with a kiss Model Moms! Cindy Crawford takes her lookalike kids Kaia and Presley to Fashion Los Angeles Awards as Yolanda Hadid is named Mother of the Year Dropping hints? Miranda Lambert shines bright in white while at ACM Awards with boyfriend Anderson East She is up for two awards  From rugged coastlines to rooftop bars, series of stunning images shows why Los Angeles is THE place to vacation SPONSORED Joan and Bette's Academy Awards showdown: The night cruel Crawford stole Davis' Oscar and broke her heart depicted in 'Feud'  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bella Hadid is spotted partying on the beach in Cabo San Lucas, dressed in a VERY revealing blue bikini She is 20 'It's great to know how old I am': Hollywood legend Doris Day, 95, discovers she is TWO YEARS OLDER than she thought Thought she was 93 Mom's approval! Beaming Jennifer Lopez introduces her mother Guadalupe to beau Alex Rodriguez The 47-year-old singer and baseball player, 41 Days Of Our Lives' Abi Titmuss, 41, reveals shock pregnancy... THREE WEEKS after announcing her engagement to co-star Ari Welkom Discover Los Angeles for FREE: Our guide to experiencing the city without spending a cent All you need is the right know-how SPONSORED 'The gifts are never ending': Neil Patrick Harris celebrates 13 YEAR anniversary with David Burtka as he posts heartwarming snap PICTURED: Surprise romance! Glee's Naya Rivera, 30, and David Spade, 52, canoodle in the pool on Hawaiian holiday as she moves on after divorce Hot metal! Carrie Underwood takes to the stage at the ACM Awards dressed in TWO shimmery metallic ensembles She rocked it!. Couple goals! Faith Hill and Tim McGraw color coordinate at the ACM Awards... before sharing a passionate on stage kiss In Vegas 'It means the world to me': Miranda Lambert wins Female Vocalist and Best Album at ACMs for her songs about divorce from Blake Shelton Piff paff poof! David Copperfield uses his magical powers to make Song Of The Year winner appear... as he mocks Oscar Best Picture flub at ACM Awards SPOILER ALERT: The Walking Dead loses survivor who makes ultimate sacrifice during season seven finale Concluded its seventh season Sunday  The many hats of Hedda Hopper: How gossip queen conquered Hollywood at the age of 52 after her film career went up in flames and helped Joan Crawford destroy Bette Davis Can YOU tell who is wearing a $62 wedding dress and who's in $1,900 Vera Wang? How do the expesnive and purse-friendly bridal gowns compare? Angels on Earth! Victoria's Secret beauties Stella Maxwell and Lily Aldridge flaunt their perfect forms at the Fashion Los Angeles Awards Jared Kushner is in Iraq: Trump's Middle East peace envoy son-in-law makes surprise visit as US and Iraqi forces close in on ISIS in the battle for Mosul  Royals on the piste! Duchess of Cambridge jetted out to Pippa's secret bachelorette in France as Prince William did 'dad dancing' 100 miles away in Verbier  Sharing her secrets! Behati Prinsloo wiggles her hips and flaunts her post-baby body in sexy criss-cross swimsuit The 27-year-old runway stunner  Beanie baby! Lily Collins covers up in knit hat and large reflective glasses for Sunday stroll in LA The petite beauty wore a gray t-shirt  Make-up free Mila Kunis steps out to run errands as husband Ashton Kutcher joins Paris Jackson at Fashion LA Awards  The mother of two Hands on mommy! Megan Fox runs errands with baby Journey and son Noah, four, in leggings and paint splatter t-shirt Had her hands full Shining star! Nicole Kidman dazzles in glittering Alexander McQueen gown as she supports husband Keith Urban at the ACM Awards All that glitters! Country singer Jessie James stuns on the carpet for the ACM Awards alongside football pro husband Eric Decker On the red carpet Baby on the way! Clay Walker plants a kiss on wife Jessica's belly at the ACMs as the couple confirm she's pregnant Expecting their fourth child together Hot metal! Carrie Underwood oozes glamor in revealing silver gown as she leads the stars at ACM Awards In Las Vegas 'A sympathetic ear and a goofy sense of humor': Royal biography reveals intimate details about the start of Charles and Camilla's 45-year love affair 285lbs hairdresser who spent $100 a week on chocolate and chips reveals how she HALVED her size so she could feel 'amazing' as a bride Cruel moment The Hangover actor Mike Epps brings a chained kangaroo on stage during a comedy act - but marsupial gets his revenge by PUNCHING him in the face Russell Crowe 'spotted at Terri Irwins' Sunshine Coast home in the early hours of the morning' following rumors of a romance between the two of them Fashion brand comes under fire on social media for using SIZE 2 models to sell plus-size clothing  Fashion Nova were called out online Scott Eastwood gets grilled about his sex life during interview Down Under as Hollywood hunk gushes about 'beautiful' Aussie women Ruby Rose poses TOPLESS in striking shot by girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as two enjoy romantic getaway together Breathtaking forest  There can be No Doubt they like him! Gwen Stefani's boys pen copies of Blake Shelton's tattoo on their arms A father figure PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sienna Miller flashes slender physique in tiny bikini bottoms during Cancun getaway  The actress was spotted in beautiful Cancun A place in the sun: Fifty Shades Darker star Dakota Johnson wears VERY skimpy red bikini while lounging on the beach in Miami Flaunted her figure Dressed to impress! Princess Diana's niece Lady Kitty Spencer wows in a little black number as she enjoys a day at the polo in Perth A daring split Jumpin Jumpin! Kelly Rowland enjoys a day trampolining with her family in between filming for The Voice Australia With her husband Tim Witherspoon and son Meghan Markle's estranged half-sister threatens to release embarrassing tell-all book about growing up with Prince Harry's girlfriend  Patriots star Rob Gronkowski crashes Wrestlemania match in Orlando after having his drink thrown at him by wrestler Jinder Mahal  He's a tight end  'I enjoy broccoli, spinach and kale drinks': Charlie's Angels vet Jaclyn Smith, 71, reveals the secret to her youthful appearance Ageless beauty  Jessica Simpson showcases toned midriff in lacy white skirt with crop top as she poses for 'prairie' inspired Instagram photo 'My love': Gisele Bundchen posts intimate selfie with husband Tom Brady after a concert date in Boston She's a catwalk queen  Making a splash! Lea Michele dresses up as a mermaid in poolside snap during weekend wine tour of Napa Valley Weekend getaway to the California wine county Augusta's first female member Condoleezza Rice shows off her golf skills with Masters champions Bubba Watson and Gary Player before the sport's top tournament begins Abs show! Sofia Richie flashes her toned midriff in white crop top with striped bottoms during LA outing The 18-year-old model showed off her toned midriff What a pair! Kate Mara and Jamie Bell look carefree and casual running weekend errands in LA... after she revealed wedding dress details Still stunning! Gilmore Girls vet Lauren Graham, 50, looks stylish in black suit at Variety Studio: Actors On Actors session Discussion in LA  Another day, another bikini! Kelly Bensimon lives it up on the beach in tiny white bandeau two piece  The 46-year-old was spotted in Florida  Showing off their wedding rings! Frankie Ballard and Christina Murphy flash their bands of gold at ACM Awards after marrying in Texas Wedding bling! Stranger Things actress Millie Bobby Brown wears white dress for Actors On Actors talk with Evan Rachel Wood The 13-year-old actress  'I had so much fun!': Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa shows off curly hair as she hits real estate expo in Chicago She was not with ex Tarek at the event  Dramatic pictures show massive explosion on Avengers: Infinity War set... as Karen Gillan shares backstage snap with Marvel creator Stan Lee Golden Girl! Jennifer Hudson puts on a glamorous display in a plunging semi-sheer gown as she becomes the winning mentor on The Voice She's still got it! Minnie Driver, 47, stuns in black and white during appearance on Variety Studio: Actors On Actors She surely is a British beauty PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman, 46, shows off bikini body in sexy black two piece as she cozies up to mystery hunk in St. Barts Britney Spears walks Backstreet Boy Howie Dorough on a leash during S&M themed Las Vegas performance The singer also spanked the boy band star  'I can't believe tonight is the final episode!': Reese Witherspoon shares fun beach photos with Big Little Lies cast Is coming to an end  They could be sisters! Khloe Kardashian, 32, poses with a young-looking Kris Jenner, 61, as she gushes 'I love you beautiful mommy' Shared a sweet snap  Camilla's dream of saving childhood villa: Duchess reveals she hopes to buy back Italian property after she played there when she was a child  With her mini me! Reese Witherspoon, 41, poses with daughter Ava, 17, during family holiday after teasing possible season two of Big Little Lies In a rush? Jennifer Garner sports wet hair as she runs errands with all three kids... as 'on-again' husband Ben Affleck appears absent Juggling her duties  New best friends! Paris Jackson spends time with Caitlyn Jenner at GLAAD Awards after getting close to Kendall The two looked to be long lost pals The one lesson I've learned from life: Nancy Dell'Olio on why you should never dwell on a mean remark Presenter, celebrity and entrepreneur  Brexit beauty makeover: Forget French face creams and Italian scent. It's time to embrace Turkish cologne - and lip peels from Korea Getting cozy! Milo Ventimiglia and Freida Pinto snuggle up to each other in photo-shoot for Variety Studio: Actors On Actors editor Looked close  'I'm friends with all my exes': Anna Friel on the reality of dating in her 40s, her love of motherhood and why she's not ditching carbs for Hollywood standards What happened to Bethenny Frankel? The Real Housewives star shares image with short hair and unflattering glam for awkward April Fool's Day gag Zayn Malik sends fans into frenzy over new initials tattoo... but appears to opt for a nod to new single Still Got Time over tribute to girlfriend Gigi Hadid Newly-slim Jonah Hill shows off his impressive weight loss in casual gym kit as he heads for another workout in LA What a transformation! Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: How can I beat the bra strap bulge this summer? Fat bulges can appear either side of the bra strap New love! Beverly Hills, 90210 vet Luke Perry, 50, holds hands with pretty brunette at GLAAD Media Awards Looked affectionate on the red carpet  'And we are done': Brooklyn Beckham, 18, proudly shows off his first tattoo... as he chooses matching Native American inking to dad David Was the Beyonce Lemonade star who bared her mastectomy scars exaggerating the extent of her illness for fame and fortune?  Alec Baldwin's The Boss Baby narrowly dethrones Beauty And The Beast at box office with $49 million debut Who's the boss now in the fim charts? Now that's a booty-ful view! Bella Hadid wears black thong bikini during revealing Mexico holiday The 20-year-old model showed off her toned physique Carrie Underwood dyes her hair, Miranda Lambert opens a bottle of wine and Kelsea Ballerini relaxes in a robe as stars prepare for ACM awards Little People, Big World stars Jeremy and Audrey Roloff reveal they are expecting a daughter Couple shared snaps from gender reveal party 'Six years married!': LeAnn Rimes celebrates wedding anniversary with Eddie Cibrian by posting romantic photo Pair posed to celebrate the landmark  'Hell no': Sophie Monk denies she is dating former AFL star Wayne Carey and says she's 'still single' The Australian model spoke out Jennifer Hudson bursts into tears as her act Mo Adeniran is crowned the winner of The Voice UK in chaotic final Show was marred  'It's a challenge':  Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star Erika Giraldi reveals she's embracing the rigors of Dancing With The Stars Received good scores 'Who said I was stripping?': Jon & Kate Plus 8 vet Jon Gosselin explains why he kept clothes on during Atlantic City male revue gig Adriana Lima lives it up with pals for beau Matt Harvey's NYC 28th birthday bash as she sizzles in glitzy thigh-high boots and fur coat Getting ready for his Kardashian experience! Nick Jonas steps out for dinner day before hosting Fashion LA Awards with Kim Looking dapper  'I've gone from 00 to 6 to whatever!' Ireland Baldwin poses up in a thong for a very honest post about her weight as she vows to focus on loving herself Pop That Thang! Pregnant Beyonce puts ample assets on full display in clinging dark violet dress for mysterious Instagram music video Look who's popped in to meet the in-laws: Pippa invites Kate and Wills to a pre-wedding summit at her hedge fund fiancé's $21m London mansion  Top tips! Elsa McAlonan's beauty upgrades: As we move into spring, a bare-faced glow is key As we move into spring, a bare-faced glow is key Wedding bells! The Brady Bunch star Barry Williams, 62, reveals he will marry longtime love Tina Mahina, 50, in Missouri this summer Tying the knot  Simon Cowell's partner Lauren Silverman takes sons for a fancy dinner outing with mogul's ex Terri Seymour and her daughter Coco 'F*** me!': The Voice UK final descends into chaos as Tom Jones SWEARS on air and the stage is INVADED by a fan Fierce rivalries  'I'm so international!' Drake set to star alongside Ashley Walters in upcoming series of UK show Top Boy series after buying the show's rights  When lyrics double as a clapback! Kelly Rowland uses Kendrick Lamar's Be Humble to slam troll who blasted her for showing off stretch marks That's what makes them Beautiful! One Direction splurged '$62k on personal styling' in ONE year... as their quarter of a billion wealth is revealed Antonio Banderas, 56, is the picture of health as he attends Holy Week proclamation with girlfriend Nicole Kimpel, 37, after suffering heart attack in January Anti-Trump LGBTQ protesters march on Ivanka's house in DC: Hundreds invade neighborhood for 'Queer Dance Party for Climate Justice'  Princess Diana's former butler Paul Burrell spotted with husband-to-be for the first time since revealing he is gay just nine months after divorce Lady Victoria Hervey 'claims to have shared steamy threesome' with Mel B and Stephen Belafonte during 'drunken night of passion' Defiant Stephen Belafonte steps out in LA with his daughters following house raid... as it's claimed his BROTHER alerted police to firearm possession Ladies night! Shanina Shaik parties with Nicole Williams at bachelorette party in Hawaii... after showing off her pert derrière in racy bikini video  He loves his fans! Mickey Rourke, 64, signs gold gloves that match the ones he wore in 2014 victory against a man half his age Still at fighting weight  Olivia Munn looks sensational in a skintight navy minidress and thigh-high boots as she steps out to celebrate friends' birthdays 'The ultimate evil': Tom Cruise faces off against an undead foe in action-packed trailer for The Mummy Brand new trailer for his latest flick Joanna Krupa gives a saucy glimpse of skin in one shoulder top and racy leather leggings as she enjoys girls' night out in LA Sexy and sophisticated  'It's sad': Rogue One: A Star Wars Story director said he has not seen his film since Carrie Fisher died because it's too heartbreaking Was a big 'love letter' Naya Rivera, 30, and David Spade, 52, spotted 'packing on the PDA' poolside in Hawaii Naya, 30, and the actor - who, at 52, is 22 years her senior Kelsey Grammer, 62, cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with glowing wife Kayte, 36, for romantic dinner date in LA  Smiling Frasier star  The $600million pair! Jessica Alba looks stylish in Victoria Beckham's new range for Target at launch party Looking radiant Letting her career go to waste! Wildlife warrior Paris Hilton vows to stop people 'destroying our planet with plastic bottles'  Leading the charge      DON'T MISS Writers Guild of America moves closer to its first strike in almost ten years - putting TV's most popular shows at risk Recipe for disaster  Busty Salma Hayek displays her ample cleavage in a plunging patterned dress as she promotes latest movie How To Be A Latin Lover Turned heads in claret Kooky Suki Waterhouse is far from her clean-cut catwalk image with orange hair and cannabis socks on the set of Assassination Nation in New Orleans Doutzen Kroes nails Parisian chic in trendy fedora with skin-tight jeans as she enjoys France trip with DJ husband Sunnery James Make-up free Chloe Grace Moretz shows off toned legs in workout gear... as ex Brooklyn Beckham appears to rekindle flame with Sonia Ammar ' Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau challenges Matthew Perry to a rematch after the Friends star fought him on the playground in fifth grade SNL writers admits they get 'a little scared' of Donald Trump's fury over their skits but say 'it's like we're doing something right if it's upsetting him' Cheryl's bleary-eyed ex-husband Jean-Bernard Fernandez-Versini laps up single life as he takes a taxi home with two female companions Keeping sweet! Nina Agdal looks stunning as she and Nick Cannon tuck into lollipops at the opening of new Sugar Factory Sweet celebration  Lara Stone packs on the PDA with new actor beau Andrew Gray as they indulge in a number of smooches during al fresco pub date Loved-up pair  Camilla dons a feminine polka dot dress as she meets victims of human trafficking in Florence while Charles tours the  town of Amatrice Make-up free Zoe Saldana cheers on her brood in casual threads as she makes her first public outing with newborn son Zen in LA Mommy duties  Just like mamma used to make? Prince Charles tucks into giant bowl of pasta before washing it down with red wine as he breaks bread on Italian tour  'They wanted her dead': My Best Friend's Wedding test audiences hated Julia Roberts' original happy ending The director was forced to reshoot the ending  Blac Chyna 'denied rights to the Kardashian name in court whether she marries Rob or not'... following the on/off pair's reconciliation Ongoing legal battle  Start your engines! Paris Hilton stuns in blue midi as she cuddles up to beau Chris Zylka at racing event in Mexico City Dazzled on the tracks  No plus one? Diane Kruger crushes it in velvet as she watches Hamilton solo without beau Norman Reedus  The 40-year-old actress went without a date  'Alexis wanted to move the world forward': Patricia Arquette makes tearful dedication to late sister as she is honored at GLAAD Media Awards Touching tribute  Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock attempts to go incognito as she rushes to tour bus with casually clad Perrie Edwards... after recovering from burn injury Call Me Blondie! Carly Rae Jepsen shows she's shed her jet-black hairdo for a new bleached pixie cut as she attends the GLAAD Media Awards The Walking Dead's Daniel Newman looks dapper in navy suit at GLAAD Media Awards... after coming out as gay one night earlier He's had quite a week Gorgeous without a gown! Caitlyn Jenner takes a low key approach to red carpet dressing as she attends the Annual GLAAD Media Awards 'Would you believe I'm 160 pounds and 5ft3in?': Pink reveals her post-baby weight while sharing 'by regular standards that makes me obese' Pretty as a peacock! Paris Jackson dazzles GLAAD Media Awards in gossamer caped gown The birthday girl is turning 19 this Monday  Saved by the belle of the ball: Tiffani Thiessen goes casual chic in fedora and aviator shades at Victoria Beckham for Target event Has Australian model Holly Young, 23, stolen Usain Bolt's heart? Sprint star is spotted getting close to brunette beauty while on holiday in Germany   Pretty in pink! Dannii Minogue ditches her signature brunette locks for a VERY playful pastel look ahead of the hair fashion awards Ditched brunette locks  Tina Fey blasts white, college-educated women who voted for Donald Trump and now want to 'forget about it and watch HGTV' Speaking out Princess Mary dons her favorite floral dress as she poses for snaps with Prince Frederik and her children - but it's cheeky Josephine who steals the show again Tyga's ex fling Demi Rose Mawby almost busts out of her barely-there nude bikini as she blows a kiss in a eye-popping Instagram video He's the Ringmaster! Hugh Jackman and Michelle Williams don top hats and capes on set of new flick The Greatest Showman Anonymous blonde! Giovanni Ribisi holds hands with mystery woman while strolling through LA Wass spotted getting close with a friend  Fox News backs O'Reilly: Star anchor says he's 'vulnerable to lawsuits' after $13m payments to five women were revealed amid sexual harassment claims  Heavily-inked David Beckham takes teenage son Brooklyn, 18, to get his first tattoo... and he chooses a Native American illustration 'just like dad's' Is Thandie Newton's character corrupt and was she about to be chopped up by a chainsaw? 12 questions we need answering in tonight's Line Of Duty Shining bright! EJ Johnson shimmers in sequined black jumsuit while joined by mom Cookie at 28th Annual GLAAD Media Awards In LA No bra, no panties, no problem! Ariel Winter models semi-sheer dress that makes it obvious she left her lingerie at home while at Smurfs premiere Lady in red! Mama June shows off her size 4 body in THAT sexy dress as she crashes Sugar Bear's wedding in teaser for Not To Hot finale PDA in NYC: Jennifer Lopez, 47, and Alex Rodriguez, 41, hold hands as they continue their love tour in the Big Apple Lunch date Charitably chic! Nicole Richie sports slinky camisole to host fashion party benefiting Planned Parenthood She invited LA's most stylish to the Roosevelt Gardens 'It's not a real world': Selena Gomez's mom says the star's break from the spotlight let her reconnect with life Mom opens up about the struggles Calling all fashionistas! Victoria Beckham throws star-studded garden party complete with mermaids to celebrate her collection with Target PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Amal Clooney masks her baby bump while walking hand-in-hand with husband George during country stroll near Berkshire home GIRL ABOUT TOWN: George joins a school of Pythons and unicorns! Kate is sending the young prince to Battersea in London as it's more 'hippy-dippy' Pretty as a petal! Jordana Brewster shows off legs in mini dress with flower design while joined by son at Victoria Beckham for Target gala Safety first! Amy Adams rocks pink helmet as she and family whiz through Beverly Hills on scooters She will have a cameo as Superman's girlfriend She has Good Vibes! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa heads to Chicago after months of divorce drama The 33-year-old reality star  Zoe Saldana keeps it simple in all-black as she stuns at Victoria Beckham for Target event She looked effortlessly gorgeous  'My heart is happy': Kendra Wilkinson enjoys bonding session with son Hank IV at bingo night The 31-year-old shared some snaps  Mel B pampers herself at LA beauty salon... in first sighting since estranged husband's brush with law Scary Spice sported sweats and no make-up  Blue is his color! Keith Urban rocks double denim as he signs autographs at the Academy of Country Music Awards a day after performing at the March Madness festival Justin Bieber's bodyguard is pictured wielding a knife as he 'slashed tires of Uber carrying fans of the singer in Rio' Controversy The Backstreet Boys are back! Brian, Kevin, AJ, Nick and Howie reunite at SiriusXM ahead of ACM awards in Las Vegas They just kicked off a Las Vegas residency Her little cutie! Ashlee Simpson enjoys an alfresco lunch in West Hollywood with daughter Jagger and husband Evan Cheeky smile  Leggy Kate Mara looks spring ready in mint coloured shorts and bomber jacket set for Victoria Beckham for Target Garden Party She is 34 Vogue editor-in-chief and fashion maven Anna Wintour welcomes first granddaughter Her son Charles Shaffer and his wife Lizzy welcomed their first child McRacy! Patrick Dempsey and Mark Webber take a Porsche 911 Targa for a very fast spin as the car company opens an island drive destination GIRL ABOUT TOWN: That airhead Brooklyn? He broke my heart - Sir Elton John's protege reveals all about the eldest Beckham Tallia Storm Stephen Belafonte's Hollywood home is searched by federal agents 'looking for firearms'... two weeks after wife Mel B files for divorce It's pizza in our time... as Camilla wows Italy: Duchess is given a margherita pizza with her name spelt in mozzarella as she meets victims of Mafia violence Chim chim cher-ee! Emily Blunt is practically perfect as magical nanny Mary Poppins as she joins cycling chimney sweeps to film Disney sequel  Charlie Hunnam rocks scruffy facial hair as he lunches with Sons Of Anarchy co-stars... but is out-bearded by former castmates He is 36 Vampire Diaries star Kat Graham has listed her cozy Hollywood Hills home for $1.3 million Saying goodbye to the Cahuenga Canyon property  Legs for days! Kaley Cuoco shows off her sculpted stems while rocking a black dress for Variety's Actors On Actors special She is 31 They could be sisters! Sarah Jessica Parker, 52, and Michelle Pfeiffer, 58, look remarkably similar as they tape Actors On Actors Posing up together 'It's beautiful': Prince Jackson gets large tattoo of his late father Michael Jackson on his leg Captioned the snap: 'Thanks @dermagraphink' 'She's come dressed as a Quality Street!' Fans left bemused by Jennifer Hudson's VERY bold one-shouldered blue dress during The Voice final   Naya Rivera, 30, responds to rumours she is romancing David Spade, 52, with silly Instagram story filmed while she was still in bed Prince Charles funds Christian support groups in the Middle East and invites religious refugees into his home Hands out donations 'If you don't carry on you'll die': Tom Jones reveals therapist's words of warning during his darkest days after wife Linda's death... as he admits 'time off work would mean death' Meghan's wish list for Easter? We've cracked it, Harry! Actress, 35, reveals her ex-boyfriend organized chocolate hunts to satisfy her 'childhood wonderment'  Outlander stars Caitriona Balfe and Sam Heughan catch a rugby game together in South Africa They play one of TVs hottest couples He's cut! Charlie Hunnam flaunts his impressively muscled physique in final trailer for King Arthur: Legend Of The Sword Looking hot GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Adele's $5m pop star mansion in... East Grinstead! Singer and husband choose a deliberately 'unflashy' place to live a normal life with son Angelo Tyra Banks, 43, removes age limit for applicants on America's Next Top Model The rule that contestants must be 27 or younger has been removed  Christina Milian leaves little to the imagination in barely-there bikini as she celebrates her pal Nicole Williams' bachelorette party in Hawaii Back on! Blac Chyna receives a kiss from Rob Kardashian and sits on his lap in lusty Snapchat video... six weeks after last breakup Ben Affleck plays the role of soccer dad for daughter Seraphina as he continues to enjoy healthy living post rehab He was seen doting over his daughter  Oprah Winfrey reunites with her Beloved 'daughter' Thandie Newton to chat about their HBO projects She's the queen of the talkshow Former Victoria's Secret model Stephanie Seymour, 48, could see her DUI from 2016 dismissed A Connecticut judge is set to decide her fate From a side project at home to WORLDWIDE success: Meet the mother behind the real fur lashes line that's causing a flutter with celebrities More than friends? Matthew Perry looks VERY happy with mystery brunette... just days before debut of his big Kennedys miniseries Could-be-coupl A whole lot of leg! Demi Lovato flashes her toned stems while in a maxi dress at the Smurfs premiere with Ariel Winter Showed off her legs GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Feisty Cara goes it alone as she rejects brain behind the Spice Girls Simon Fuller to make an album on her own Going solo Flower power! Meghan Trainor looks pretty as a petal in floral print mini dress at the Smurfs premiere in LA She added purple velvet short boots Table for two! Loved-up Dev Patel takes stunning new actress girlfriend Tilda Cobham-Hervey out for a romantic dinner in LA Gorgeous date Nothing to hide! Bella Thorne leaves VERY little to the imagination in tiny shorts and scarlet bra Posed for the fans while wearing no top over her bright red bra 'I am so excited!': Khloe Kardashian relieved Good American shorts sold out... after sharing she worried her brand would not do as well as Kylie's Real FIT Housewife: Reality star Kelly Bensimon, 48, continues her bikini parade through Palm Beach Seen rocking her third swimsuit in two days Wheelchair-bound Faye Dunaway, 76, looks frail as she is seen for the first time at LAX since the Oscars envelope debacle in February 'Don't do something that will put you in great danger': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian AGAINST surgery on her uterus in KUWTK teaser Teaser for the show Together again! Moulin Rouge! co-stars Nicole Kidman, 49, and Ewan McGregor, 46, reunite 16 years later for Actors On Actors Interviewing each other Perks of the job! Model Adriana Lima leaves the NYC offices of Victoria's Secret with two large shopping bags stuffed full of lingerie With her girlfriends What a catch! Victoria's Secret model Jasmine Tookes leaves LA hotspot in leather mini skirt Made an all-black outfit look anything but basic 'Happy 85th!': Billie Lourd wishes grandmother Debbie Reynolds a happy birthday after the Singin' In The Rain icon died in December American Idol will NOT be rebooted in 2018 because 'the co-owners of the competition series could not agree on the terms' Reportedly put on hold Curse of the Kidds strikes again: How one of society's most gilded families is embroiled in claims of a $6.2million fraud in their latest public scandal  She's a fan! Former Fifth Harmony member Camila Cabello cuts a chic figure in black arriving at Ariana Grande concert in LA Cut a stylish figure Day off from glam! Kate Mara dresses like Waldo from the children's book series as she runs errands in LA without beau Jamie Bell Bling it on! Beyonce is' spending $500K on a baby nursery' for the twins she is expecting this summer with husband Jay Z Luxury for her twins Today's headlines Most Read Homeowner who found a 'naked' teacher's aide taking a SHOWER in his house, left to get his gun and then... Jared Kushner visits Iraq: Trump's Middle East peace envoy son-in-law makes surprise visit as US and Iraqi... 'If China won't deal with North Korea, I will': Donald Trump vows to get tough with Kim Jong-un over fears... How Uber uses psychological tricks to make its drivers work longer hours and earn more money for the company... Joan and Bette's Academy Awards showdown: The night cruel Crawford stole Davis' Oscar and broke her heart... The many hats of Hedda Hopper: How gossip queen conquered Hollywood at the age of 52 after her film career... The secret to perfect packing? Underwear maths... and storing your shampoo in a contact lens case! A new... 'He was like a zombie': Woman cop who shot dead unarmed black man defends herself on national TV and reveals... Archaeologists discover medieval villagers in Yorkshire hacked up dead bodies to prevent them returning as... The daring US wiretapping operation carried out 400 feet underwater that helped steal Soviet secrets and end... WWE legend John Cena gets down on one knee and proposes to his girlfriend Nikki Bella in front of 70,000... Entering the ring.... is Rob Gronkowsi! Patriots star crashes Wrestlemania and helps his ex-teammate win... Incredible bravery of Sandy Hook teacher who told her class of children a story to try and keep them calm as... Family of ten-year-old boy who was killed by his pet rat accuse Petco of being aware of the 'hidden dangers'... 'People should be marching in the streets': Jeb Bush warns of a robot revolution and calls for education... The brazen gang running a sex and drug ring in the middle of Times Square right under the NYPD's nose Judge rules that Donald Trump incited violence during a Louisville campaign rally when he chanted 'get 'em... Supreme Court showdown: McConnell says Neil Gorsuch will be confirmed this week, with or without... New York City Police Department defies De Blasio's pledge to protect illegal immigrants from Trump and... 'Mainstream media are guilty of information underload': Kellyanne Conway accuses press of ignoring Trump's... GOP calls Tom Perez's statement that Trump didn't win the election 'dangerous' and 'unhinged'  SNL writers admits they get 'a little scared' of Donald Trump's fury over their skits but say 'it's like... Kremlin calls for Trump and Putin to meet so they can 'exchange views' and boost their relationship Ultra-left wing Democrat Maxine Waters calls for President Trump to be IMPEACHED... if Russia probe finds... 'We are getting closer to an agreement on health care': Senator Rand Paul says he had a 'great time' after... Trump tweets that Obamacare repeal bill isn't dead because of the 'love and strength' in the Republican... Ferrari once owned by Donald Trump sells for $270,000 at auction US ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley says there's 'no question' Russia meddled in the election  Sometimes life just goes down the drain: Hapless raccoon is rescued after getting its head stuck in sewer... MORE HEADLINES GOP calls Tom Perez's statement that Trump didn't win the election 'dangerous' and 'unhinged'  Meghan Markle's estranged half-sister threatens to release embarrassing tell-all book about growing up with Prince Harry's girlfriend  Homeowner who found a 'naked' teacher's aide taking a SHOWER in his house, left to get his gun and then returned to shoot the 'intruder' dead through the bath curtain is charged with murder  'I come up with a new position every week': Candyman reveals he sleeps with FOUR women a night - and his wife doesn't mind sharing the bed Royals on the piste! Duchess of Cambridge jetted out to Pippa's secret hen do in France as Prince William was wowing the locals with his 'dad dancing' 100 miles away in Verbier  'Oh my god, it's him': Woman claims she has caught the elusive artist Banksy on camera for the first time at an exhibition of his art in Israel Wallis Simpson had an 'affair with a Mayfair car dealer' behind King Edward VIII's back and the couple 'were spied on by MI5'  'Door bell doesn't work. Shout "ding dong" really loud': Hilarious letters left for couriers by residents desperate not to miss their delivery  Billionaire university benefactor 'hired a hit man to kill his eldest son after he was kicked out of the family's investment company' 'I know rejection hurts but you don't need to throw it back in my face': Girl EXPLODES at her online date in series of cringe-worthy messages (even though she rejected HIM)  Father admits beating his seven-year-old son to death and feeding his remains to his pigs in house of horrors where seven other children lived in filth Tornado kills mother and her daughter, 3, as powerful storms bare down on the South: First victims identified as region braces for high winds, torrential rain and flash floods Joan and Bette's Academy Awards showdown: The night cruel Crawford stole Davis' Oscar and broke her heart depicted in 'Feud' (and Sarah Paulson FINALLY debuts as Geraldine Page) Ready to blow: Incredible pictures capture US and South Korean Marines training in a 'show of strength' to the North  Armed police 'shoot dead pack of five dangerous dogs' after they 'attacked children in a town centre' in horrific footage  The many hats of Hedda Hopper: How gossip queen conquered Hollywood at the age of 52 after her film career went up in flames and helped Joan Crawford destroy the 'vulgar' Bette Davis Father, 43, 'threw an underage party for his daughter's high school friends, got them drunk, then raped a 15-year-old girl three times'  'If China won't deal with North Korea, I will': Donald Trump vows to get tough with Kim Jong-un over fears they could launch a NUKE at the US by 2020  'Do you want to ride the lightning?' Shocking video shows white NYPD cops filmed 'taunting' African American students with taser  Homeowner who shot dead intruder he found taking a SHOWER in his bathroom is charged with murder SNL writers admits they get 'a little scared' of Donald Trump's fury over their skits but say 'it's like we're doing something right if it's upsetting him' Florida police told a mother to stop calling 911 just three hours before her boyfriend took out an AK-47 and killed her and her eight-year-old son Was the Beyonce Lemonade star who bared her mastectomy scars exaggerating her illness for fame? Supporters distance themselves over questions about her past and filmmakers drop her over on-set rows  'Are you still f***ing filming me?': Top supermodel agent who represented Naomi Campbell storms out of 60 Minutes interview after being asked about the pressure to be skinny Jared Kushner visits Iraq: Trump's Middle East peace envoy son-in-law makes surprise visit as US and Iraqi forces close in on ISIS in the battle for Mosul  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Monday 3 April 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » Story Etihad, Boeing check on biofuel progress at Masdar ABU DHABI, 17 hours, 15 minutes ago Peter Baumgartner, chief executive officer of Etihad Airways, and Mohammad Al Bulooki, executive vice president commercial, joined Scott Fancher, Boeing senior vice president, at the integrated seawater and agriculture system facility within Masdar City to check on the project’s progress this week. The facility is a world first, demonstrating the use of seawater and natural fertiliser from aquaculture to grow plant biomass which can be converted into aviation fuel. It is the flagship project of the ‘Sustainable Bioenergy Research Consortium’ led by the Masdar Institute with members including Etihad Airways, Boeing, Takreer, GE and Safran. The biomass will be harvested in June and the oil extracted from the seeds. The plan is to have this oil refined to jet fuel and used on an Etihad Airways flight. - TradeArabia News Service Tags: Etihad | Boeing | biomass | aviation | sustainable | plant | fuel | bioenergy | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories New front office manager at Al Manshar Rotana Kuwait Bahrain Tourism hosts inaugural forum with ICCA Iran confirms deal to buy 12 Russian planes Centara Grand Beach Resort Samui welcomes new GM InterContinental Regency Bahrain marks Earth Hour Yas Mall Spring Festival kicks off with fashion show New chef de cuisine at The St. Regis Dubai World’s largest cruise ship to debut in 2018 LG Electronics to unveil new hospitality tech in Saudi Arabia Dukes Dubai now open to the public Jumeirah Group appoints Blue Square Consultants in India Saudi domestic tourism to jump 40pc by 2020 - report Qatar Airways offers laptops on loan to US-bound fliers Hilton plans new hotel in Cairo Business Park Amouage Hotels to develop prime waterfront project in Oman Mövenpick Bahrain named Best Airport Hotel Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner completes first flight First Airbus A319neo completes maiden flight Qatar backs $808m Heathrow airport investment plan Emirates plane suffers slight damage in Singapore incident Ferrari World Abu Dhabi launches new ride Indian Green Card holders eligible for UAE on-arrival visas Indian airports to stop stamping of hand bags Aloha Abu Dhabi Festival welcomes visitors with a Big Hello Ramada Ajman recognised for CSR efforts New headsets on Turkish Airlines long-haul flights Etihad premium fliers to receive free wi-fi, iPads on US flights Qatar International Food Festival opens Leading Arab investor calls for investments in leisure industry Bodrum becoming a 'popular' destination with Gulf travellers Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Traveling Sauna brings traditional Finnish culture to Battle Ground Two hired for Washougal High School administrative positions Trump rally guests, protesters square off in Esther Short Park   Trump says U.S. is ready to act alone on North Korea Oil leak discovered by workers in Alaska’s Cook Inlet Public meetings New political movement flips the script Local businesses hope to play their cards right Program teaches adult living skills Toward the back of I Like Comics on Thursday, 21-year-old Kortney Montgomery is stuffing cardboard slips into plastic comic book… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Changes to WIAA’s RPI are good, but more needed Timbers, Revolution tie 1-1 South Carolina wins its 1st women’s basketball national title Keselowski pulls away, wins at Martinsville Federer beats Nadal in Miami Open final Blazers notch 6th straight win Segura, Haniger to top Mariners’ lineup High school scoreboard 4-2 Winterhawks win at Prince George for 3-2 series lead North Carolina rebounds to beat Ducks at Final Four Serving puppy love at Hudson’s Bay tennis The MVP of Hudson’s Bay girls tennis team doesn’t play the sport, but has a tennis ball with her at… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Tesla reports record deliveries of vehicles in 1st quarter What you should think about before buying cheaper iPad, red iPhone A lithium-ion battery that won’t catch fire upcoming Local businesses hope to play their cards right Creating a wine haven at Heathen Estate 3M harnessing worker safety role Berko: Absolutely do not pay off kid’s student loan debt Dell’s EMC deal hits reality of rising costs, cloud shift; posts $1.7B loss U.S. CEOs cheering Trump’s promises Samsung’s Galaxy S8 phone aims to dispel Note 7 debacle Creating a wine haven at Heathen Estate BRUSH PRAIRIE — With the purchase of an established, close-in vineyard site back in October, Heathen Brewing has expanded its… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Birthday surprise for ageless Doris Day: She’s actually 95 Check It Out: Dig into books to help garden grow Video game hall of fame finalists named Camas’ Heather Radu’s orphanage gives kids home, opportunities Millennial social clubs go sober Art houses program protest as ‘1984’ heads back to theaters Jussie Smollett of ‘Empire’ gets political in new music video ‘Star Trek’ wax figures get new mission: helping museum ‘The Wanderers’ is a mission-to-Mars tale Fonda, Tomlin thriving in their 70s Check It Out: Dig into books to help garden grow It’s finally April — yay! I’m clicking my heels because we’re that much closer to summer, and summer means sun,… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Port Facing New Future Jayne: Funding education prepares students to be workers Harrop: Face it — coal’s days are over Schram: Trump, Spicer bring new meaning to the bully pulpit Will: It’s time to reform the filibuster McManus: Trump makes some gains against Islamic State Letter: How will Herrera Beutler fix care? Letter: Heed warnings about internet Letter: Oil is wrong, Orange is right for port Letter: Well-behaved dogs OK at market Editorial Cartoons April 2-8 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Everybody Has a Story: Drive with a general becomes a memorable, pleasant day Uptown Village neighbors frustrated with marijuana store patrons In The Service Preschooler raises $1,000 for nonprofit to help dogs Veteran honored during Blazers game Two schools receive grants from Blazers High school student collects $67,000 for food banks Older students teach elementary kids during Science Night Students help prep community garden for spring Students pitch design ideas for new school Uptown Village neighbors frustrated with marijuana store patrons If Mike Gilles were to knock back a bottle of Jack Daniel's on the front porch of a stranger’s home,… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Jayne: Funding education prepares students to be workers By Greg Jayne, Columbian Opinion Editor Published: April 2, 2017, 6:02 AM A   A Greg Jayne, Opinion page editor Let’s talk about education. I know, I know, it sometimes seems that is all we talk about in this state — even if we’re talking a failure to talk about it. The Legislature, after all, has spent the past six years attempting to meet its paramount duty of fully funding basic education, and the only thing that often drowns out that discussion is the cacophony from commentators and critics. But as lawmakers attempt once again this year to bring some finality to the debate, it is notable that one entity just might be able to cut through the noise. That entity is the Washington Roundtable, a think tank of sorts made up of senior executives from many of the state’s most notable companies. While some — particularly teachers’ unions — are likely to suggest that the roundtable is merely adding to the noise, the roundtable has some ideas that are worth consideration; to paraphrase an old TV commercial, when Microsoft or Boeing or Starbucks speak, people listen. Last year, the Washington Roundtable released a report from The Boston Consulting Group that included some ear-catching numbers. You know, things like Washington is expected to have 740,000 job openings over the next five years — a rate that is nearly three times the expected national average. Among those openings, 35 percent are expected to be “career jobs,” the kind that offer good salaries and a clear path for upward mobility. About 45 percent are expected to be “pathway jobs,” which provide a route to a career job, and 20 percent are expected to be entry-level positions. As always, these numbers might or might not prove accurate; economics is a science, yet an imperfect one. But if you would rather not hold your breath waiting for Donald Trump to bring back coal-mining jobs, Washington is a pretty good place to be. “Sounds great!” I can hear you saying. “What’s the catch?” Ah, good question. Because good jobs will require something on the part of those who desire to fill them. The estimate is that more than 90 percent of the people who fill career positions will have some sort of college education or professional credential. You won’t need that Ph.D. in women’s studies, but you just might need to be a licensed electrician. “I think a lot of times, people look at the roundtable and think we’re those who believe everybody needs a four-year degree,” roundtable president Steve Mullin said during a recent meeting with The Columbian’s Editorial Board. “We’re working hard to dispel that myth.” Because of that, leaders emphasize another finding of the study: Only 31 percent of high school students in the state go on to build professional credentials by the age of 26. In other words, Washington is not adequately preparing students for the jobs that are opening up. “We’re No. 2 (among states) in reliance upon imported talent,” Mullin said. Allocating money That is where the discussion about education comes in. For years, Washington, along with most other states, has based funding upon the professionals in a particular school building. And that creates inequities. As The Seattle Times’ Claudia Rowe reported in an insightful article in January: “The Everett School District, for example, receives about $120 more from Olympia, per child, to teach English to nonnative students than Seattle Public Schools does, even though there is no particular difference in these students’ needs.” The Washington Roundtable recommends funding based upon the actual students in a school and the number of those who require additional help by virtue of being English learners or being homeless or having conditions that hamper their ability to learn. That, of course, is the simplistic explanation, but it is one that has been embraced by the Republican-controlled Senate in its budget proposal. And it is one that makes a lot of sense. The hard part will be getting Democrats and teachers’ unions to listen. The current way of allocating school funding will not die quietly.   Greg Jayne Columbian Opinion Editor  360-735-4531  @col_gjayne  Send an Email Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 03 Apr 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Merger of three Qatari banks to take six months More accessible: Dubai's Burj Khalifa unit prices drop significantly Etihad, Boeing check on biofuel project at Masdar in Abu Dhabi UAE's ADNOC, Masdar sign MoUs with Saudi Aramco More accessible: Dubai's Burj Khalifa unit prices drop significantly Fire engulfs Dubai tower in city's Downtown district Dubai developers rush ahead with new off-plan launches Riyadh to reap $1.25bln per year from new white land tax Fire engulfs Dubai tower in city's Downtown district Chinese firms to invest in Egypt's Suez Canal economic zone Dubai developers rush ahead with new off-plan launches UAE prepares for post oil era with diversification Shura Council proposes fuel subsidies for Oman’s poor Iraq's natural gas output to nearly triple in two years UAE's ADNOC, Masdar sign MoUs with Saudi Aramco Iraq has pledged to fully comply with oil cut deal, OPEC chief says Merger of three Qatari banks to take six months GCC sovereigns to lead emerging market bond issues in 2017 UAE remains preferred FDI destination: Sheikh Mohammad First Abu Dhabi Bank to attract more investors to bourse GCC's total bond and sukuk issuances at $167.54bln Qatar QIIC aims to raise share in insurance business Dubai's Drake & Scull breaches covenants on sukuk, other bank facilities Saudi Arabia considering changes to debut dollar sukuk structure Etihad, Boeing check on biofuel project at Masdar in Abu Dhabi Would you fly on a plane that uses recycled parts? Huawei introduces Honor 8 Lite Saudi's Samba Financial Group says technical glitch fixed after disruption Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Good news for Saudi Aramco IPO as tax rate is cut Britain expresses regret over "disturbance" during Saudi aide's London visit Abu Dhabi GDP grew 63% since 2005 Shura Council proposes fuel subsidies for Oman’s poor One-humped beauties take the stage in Saudi Arabia Merger of three Qatari banks to take six months Britain expresses regret over "disturbance" during Saudi aide's London visit Abu Dhabi GDP grew 63% since 2005 U.N. calls on Gulf countries to do more to help Syrian refugees Lebanon will not naturalize refugees Outrage over Israel approval of new West Bank settlement Amman Municipality to start work on waste-to-energy project Phase 3 Egypt's Mar foreign reserves at over $28.5bln, highest since 2011 Egypt's foreign debt jumps 40% to $67bln Egypt court says decision to block transfer of Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia is void Egypt lowers customs exchange rate to 16.5 pounds/dlr in April Islamic State's second-in-command killed in air strike Iraq has pledged to fully comply with oil cut deal, OPEC chief says Yemeni charities lose $1.5bln funding due to Houthi-Saleh rebels violations Envoy invites Saudi Arabia to join Germany in shift to green energy Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Oil prices fall on supply concerns as U.S. rig count rises GCC sovereigns to lead emerging market bond issues in 2017 DFM achieves 100% compliance in annual results disclosure First Abu Dhabi Bank to attract more investors to bourse Good news for Saudi Aramco IPO as tax rate is cut DFM achieves 100% compliance in annual results disclosure First Abu Dhabi Bank to attract more investors to bourse Gulf starts Q2 on weak note, newly merged Abu Dhabi bank outperforms Dollar wobbles but holds above 4-month lows Egypt's Mar foreign reserves at over $28.5bln, highest since 2011 Fed signals it could promptly start shedding bonds from portfolio this year Dollar near flat after Fed's Dudley, U.S. data deflate rise Gold prices steady, buoyed by tepid U.S. econ data Oil prices fall on supply concerns as U.S. rig count rises Iraq's natural gas output to nearly triple in two years Iraq has pledged to fully comply with oil cut deal, OPEC chief says Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Saudi insurance companies develop a unified database New courts deliver speedy justice Australia bound passengers from UAE, Qatar to be screened for explosives Saudi fatwa rules women can solemnize marriages Saudi insurance companies develop a unified database New courts deliver speedy justice Lebanon will not naturalize refugees Egypt court says decision to block transfer of Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia is void Women prone to distractions while at the wheel Bankrupt? Cut your losses legally Qatar's private clinics prescribe unnecessary antibiotics Dubai's Al Rashidiya police settle cheque cases to the tune of $69.20mln Saudi insurance companies develop a unified database New courts deliver speedy justice Crackdown on salon hygiene and standards VAT will push up UAE insurance costs: Tax expert Saudi ministry transferred sponsorships of 480,000 expats last year Saudi fatwa rules women can solemnize marriages Smoking shisha or applying make-up while driving calls for fines in UAE Qatar denies violating labour law by blocking migrants from leaving Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports One-humped beauties take the stage in Saudi Arabia Federer might take a break until French Open Women prone to distractions while at the wheel Dubai to create long-term Autism support network Dubai to create long-term Autism support network Dubai adopts e-Dirham system as means to pay for govt health services Qatar's private clinics prescribe unnecessary antibiotics Oman suspends new licences for Brazilian meat importers Sharjah to set up arts academy to provide training to theatre fans German Siemens $109mln in software licenses to UAE universities Education sector employs 12% of Qatari workforce Saudi: 30% university students drop out without degrees One-humped beauties take the stage in Saudi Arabia Sharjah gears up for 42nd Middle East Watch and Jewellery Show Korean Film Festival coming to UAE cinemas Huawei introduces Honor 8 Lite Endangered Sea Turtles return home to Saadiyat Island for nesting Pillow fighters battle it out in Hong Kong Would you fly on a plane that uses recycled parts? Dubai Museum is an enduring attraction Zac Efron charms Dubai New York Post apologizes after app apparently hacked Rishi Kapoor speaks from the heart in Dubai Actress Pamela Anderson plays down Assange romance rumours Federer might take a break until French Open Golf-Woods says will miss Masters, no timetable for return Messi behaviour on pitch "impeccable" Mourinho laments lack of killer instinct as United stumble Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Energy Article aviation UAE's Etihad Airways and Boeing check on biofuel progress at Masdar 02 April, 2017 ABU DHABI, 2nd April, 2017 (WAM) -- Peter Baumgartner, Chief Executive Officer of Etihad Airways, and Mohammad Al Bulooki, Executive Vice President Commercial, joined Scott Fancher, Boeing Senior Vice President, at the integrated seawater and agriculture system facility within Masdar City to check on the project’s progress this week. The facility is a world first, demonstrating the use of seawater and natural fertiliser from aquaculture to grow plant biomass which can be converted into aviation fuel. It is the flagship project of the ‘Sustainable Bioenergy Research Consortium’ led by the Masdar Institute with members including Etihad Airways, Boeing, Takreer, GE and Safran. The biomass will be harvested in June and the oil extracted from the seeds. The plan is to have this oil refined to jet fuel and used on an Etihad Airways flight. © Copyright Emirates News Agency (WAM) 2017. © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: manufacturing agriculture energy alternative energy Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Al Jazeera Media Network executive director of digital media appointed to Northwestern University in Qatar’s joint advisory board 22 hours ago Shangri-La Hotel Doha welcomes new executive chef Jean-Luc Morcellet to its dining scene 23 hours ago UAE's Thuraya Telecoms appoints Acting CEO 30 Mar 2017 UK's UTEC offshore and onshore survey co. welcomes new Chief Executive Officer 30 Mar 2017  from Fifth Ring Integrated Corporate Communications Bahrain Islamic Bank announces the appointment of AGM, Head of Information Technology 29 Mar 2017 EU's Airbus Defence and Space appoints four new executive committee members New organisation focuses on four programme lines: Military Aircraft, Space Systems, CIS, Unmanned Aerial Systems. 27 Mar 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Follow بالعربيه Log In Search this site: Country Specific News Algeria Bahrain Egypt Iran Iraq Jordan KSA Kuwait Lebanon Libya Morocco Oman Palestine Qatar Sudan Syria Tunisia UAE Yemen HOME NEWS BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS WEATHER EDITOR'S CHOICE THE LOOP Home » Business » Transport And Aviation » Etihad Airways And Boeing Check On Biofuel Progress At Masdar ALSO IN BUSINESS 1 - 5 OF 15 Will Turkey see more tourists in 2017? Kuwait construction sector poised for growth despite low oil prices: Report Real estate takes lion share of Abu Dhabi's foreign investment Against the odds.. Tax returns in Egypt up 40 percent! Lebanon: People mock new power plan by government on social media GCC issues 40 percent more bonds, sukuk in 2016: Report Will UAE apply VAT on expat remittances too? Abu Dhabi's 'Taqa' announces full-year financial results, $5.2B net loss in 2016 Bahrain to grant IDs to GCC residents in investment push Saudi Arabia’s fiscal position remains strong: Moody's Kuwait’s trade surplus drops to 11-year low amid lower oil prices Abu Dhabi: Statistics show unprecedented growth in hotel reservations Oman unveils $1B tourism project for Muscat Foreign direct investment in Dubai falls 11 percent: Report Healthcare the next booming industry in the UAE: Study Etihad Airways and Boeing check on biofuel progress at Masdar Etihad Airways and Boeing check on biofuel progress at Masdar 2.5 5 Published April 2nd, 2017 - 12:20 GMT Press Release Rate Article: 2.5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit During the visit Follow > Click here to add bioenergy as an alert Click here to remove the bioenergy alert Disable alert for bioenergy, Click here to add Boeing as an alert Click here to remove the Boeing alert Disable alert for Boeing, Click here to add Etihad Airways as an alert Click here to remove the Etihad Airways alert Disable alert for Etihad Airways, Click here to add Ge as an alert Click here to remove the Ge alert Disable alert for Ge, Click here to add Masdar City as an alert Click here to remove the Masdar City alert Disable alert for Masdar City, Click here to add Masdar Institute as an alert Click here to remove the Masdar Institute alert Disable alert for Masdar Institute, Click here to add Mohammad Al Bulooki as an alert Click here to remove the Mohammad Al Bulooki alert Disable alert for Mohammad Al Bulooki, Click here to add Peter Baumgartner as an alert Click here to remove the Peter Baumgartner alert Disable alert for Peter Baumgartner, Click here to add Safran as an alert Click here to remove the Safran alert Disable alert for Safran, Click here to add Scott Fancher as an alert Click here to remove the Scott Fancher alert Disable alert for Scott Fancher, Click here to add TAKREER as an alert Click here to remove the TAKREER alert Disable alert for TAKREER Peter Baumgartner, Chief Executive Officer of Etihad Airways, and Mohammad Al Bulooki, Executive Vice President Commercial, joined Scott Fancher, Boeing Senior Vice President, at the integrated seawater and agriculture system facility within Masdar City to check on the project’s progress this week. The facility is a world first, demonstrating the use of seawater and natural fertiliser from aquaculture to grow plant biomass which can be converted into aviation fuel. It is the flagship project of the ‘Sustainable Bioenergy Research Consortium’ led by the Masdar Institute with members including Etihad Airways, Boeing, Takreer, GE and Safran. The biomass will be harvested in June and the oil extracted from the seeds. The plan is to have this oil refined to jet fuel and used on an Etihad Airways flight. Join Albawaba Business Follow Albawaba Business Rate Article: 2.5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit EDITOR’S CHOICE 1 - 4 OF 12 Social media: A platform to promote or curb extremist activities 'We want to eat!' - Austerity measures in Egypt take a new turn German ambassador invites Saudi Arabia to go green! Egyptian judge sentenced to life for possession of 68kg of cannabis! Egypt-Sudan pyramid spat continues: cultural disdain on display in both countries’ media New Lebanese film highlights tensions with Syria Al-Azhar university in Cairo: one of the oldest academic institutions worldwide Pushing Palestinians into the sea: Israeli minister suggests construction of an artificial Gaza island Emerging filmmakers come up top at BBC Arabic awards! Egypt’s Sisi and King Salman of Saudi Arabia break the ice! ‘Marriage Academy’ opens in Saudi Arabia Dubai’s next skyscraper to hang down from an asteroid! Top Headlines The Internet photoshops Ehab Tawfik's gym photo and it's absolutely hilarious! Will Turkey see more tourists in 2017 after a difficult 2016? Sports development project with German support launched in Jordan Homecoming Queen: Shakira to visit dad's village in Lebanon Oman Golf Committee signs agreement with Golf World to boost game RECENT ARTICLES Will Turkey see more tourists in 2017? Kuwait construction sector poised for growth despite low oil prices: Report Real estate takes lion share of Abu Dhabi's foreign investment Against the odds.. Tax returns in Egypt up 40 percent! Lebanon: People mock new power plan by government on social media FEATURED STORIES UAE Space Agency, Lockheed Martin ‘blast off’ with professional training program Qatar Airways increases its stake in British Airways' International Airlines Group to 20 percent Boeing predicts 58,000 new pilots needed in Middle East within 20 years UAE and China reach for the stars with MOU on outer space research United Airlines to end Washington-Dubai route: a case of sour grapes? RELATED ARTICLES Masdar Institute completes first sustainability assessment for biofuels production Honeywell’s UOP, Masdar Institute, Boeing and Etihad Airways to establish the UAE’S first sustainable biofuels advancement project Boeing, Etihad Airways, Honeywell and Masdar Institute to Establish the First Integrated Boeing, Etihad Airways, Honeywell and Masdar Institute to Establish the First Integrated, Sustainable Bioenergy Research Project for Aviation The Masdar Institute, Boeing, Etihad Airways and Honeywell to establish the UAE’s First Sustainable Bioenergy Research Project MOST POPULAR Tunisia: Number of French tourists growing fast but still not enough Arab Water Week: Regional water availability problem is financial Oman eyes share of the halal food industry Real estate market in Lebanon growing slowly, but steadily: Report China helps Saudi Arabia reduce labor, material costs with 3D printed houses Add a new comment Reply to - X Write your comment... Post as anonymous Background information Etihad Airways Etih More... Etihad Airways is the National Airline of the United Arab Emirates. The airline was set up by a Royal Decree in July 2003, with Abu Dhabi, the capital of the UAE, as its hub. Etihad started commercial operations in November 2003. Less... Contact Information: Etihad Airways PO Box 35566, Head Office, Khalifa City A, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates http://www.etihad.ae PR agency Four Communications Four Communications was set up in 2001. Based in the United Kingdom and the Gulf, it offers full-service communications to regional clients from offices in Dubai and Abu Dhabi. Four Communications was set up in 2001. Based in the United Kingdom and the Gulf, it offers full-service communications to regional clients from offices in Dubai and Abu Dhabi. Contact Information: Four Communications Group PO Box 41837 1st Floor, Room 101, Lime Building, TwoFour54, Al Salam Street Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates Tel:  +971 (0) 2 447 2774 Fax:  +971 (0) 2 447 2074 info@fourcommunications.com http://www.fourcommunications. com PR contact John Greenway Tel:  +971 (0) 2 511 1520 jgreenway@etihad.ae Related Videos F1 Boss Says Bahrain Grand Prix Could Be Cancelled - 17 Feb 11 NEW Jaguar C-X17 unveiled Emirates' new A380 order From Around The Web Most Popular Most Discussed Contact the Editor Tunisia: Number of French tourists growing fast but still not enough UN: Over 80 percent of refugees crossing Mediterranean now arriving in Italy Egypt agrees to train Lebanese army: 'It is time for Lebanon to decide its destiny on its own' Iranian ex-President’s daughter jailed again In "war crime" forces of Libyan strongman parade dead bodies in Benghazi   More Stories » User login Log In Log in to Al Bawaba in order to manage your various website activities Login with Facebook Login with LinkedIn Login with Google Login with Live   © 2000 - 2017 Al Bawaba (www.albawaba.com) About Us Advertising Content Contact Us PR Services RSS Terms of Use
Home Radio TV Ghana Contact Login Login Forgot Password New User ! REGISTER.. FEATURED STORY African Pentecostalism Has Given Birth To A New Breed Of Mentally Lazy Chri... OnAIR NEWS SPORTS AFRICA WORLD OPINIONS POLITICS BUSINESS DIASPORA LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT REAL ESTATE CLASSIFIEDS MEDIA MEMBERS Inside Africa Nigeria Egypt Libya Uganda Congo Liberia Kenya Ivory Coast South Africa OnAIR Columns Archive Air Djibouti Pilot Becomes First African To Fly Solo Around The World...Pilot Completes Final Leg Of His Journey To Make History 30 March 2017 | Africa By Air Djibouti  0  Washington DC, 29 March 2017: A pilot for Air Djibouti has become the first African pilot in history to fly solo around the world. Ademilola "Lola" Odujinrin completed the final leg of his historic journey this afternoon, landing safely at Washington Dulles International Airport. The pilot has completed the entire circumnavigation in a Cirrus SR22, stopping in more than 15 countries on five continents, returning to Washington DC, where his journey began back in September. The flight is part of Project Transcend, a foundation which aims to inspire young people to achieve their goals regardless of their personal circumstances. Lola says: “Ever since I was a child, I dreamed of one day flying around the world. We have a responsibility to lead by example and follow our dreams. I want African children to think: 'I can do this too!'." I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to Air Djibouti’s Chairman, Aboubaker Omar Hadi, and Cardiff Aviation’s Chairman, Bruce Dickinson, who have supported me throughout this journey. Without them this would not have been possible.” Both formed part of a high-level delegation to welcome the historic aviator on the tarmac at Dulles Airport, including: His Excellency Mr. Mohamed Siad Doualeh', Ambassador of Djibouti to the United States, Mr. Dawit Michael Gebre-ab, Senior Director of Strategic Planning for Djibouti Ports & Free Zones Authority (DPFZA), and Mr. Moussa Houssein and COO of Air Djibouti. Other distinguished guests included the CEO Africa World Press, which plans to publish a book on the journey. Lola has logged over 4,000 hours as a commercial Boeing 737 pilot, since earning his pilot licence six years ago. Aboubaker Omar Hadi, Chairman of Air Djibouti, says: “By supporting initiatives like Lola’s flight around the world, Air Djibouti hopes to inspire a new generation of pilots in Africa and help to pave the way for the aviation industry to thrive in the region. “The benefits will be felt within the region, as this will encourage more intra-African trade and sustainable economic development. With the commencement of the Single African Air Transport Market (SAATM) set for June 2017, air travel in the continent is positioned to grow rapidly and become a key contributor to the region’s economic and social development.” Globally, the aviation industry represents a massive opportunity for African economies to play a larger role/ It is estimated that 2017 alone will see approximately 4 billion airline passengers worldwide as well as over 50 million tonnes of cargo being transported by air. Air Djibouti is a venture owned 100% by the government of Djibouti. Djibouti Ports and Free Zone Authority (DPFZA) is the governmental body overseeing ports in the country. The organization also oversees the national free trade zones, serving as a liaison between the companies working therein and other government agencies. Air Djibouti’s activities were relaunched in May 2015. The management of the airline was entrusted to UK based Cardiff Aviation, led by Mr. Bruce Dickinson. Djibouti International Free Trade Zone (DFITZ) is a mega-free trade zone project in Djibouti which aims to become the biggest in Africa. The initial phase of 250 hectares will be operational by the summer 2017, with planned expansion to more than 4800 hectares. Cardiff Aviation is a fully-approved and certified MRO and pilot training company based at St Athan - Cardiff Airport Aerospace Enterprise Zone in South Wales, United Kingdom. Operating from a former RAF maintenance base equipped with 6,000ft ILS runway and parking for up to 20 narrow-bodied airliners, Cardiff Aviation can conduct MRO work on aircraft of almost any size, including Boeing 757s and Airbus 320s. MORE AFRICA...  Add comment   Prev Next   Do you have an story for publication? Please email it to [email protected]  0  MAN SHALL LIVE BY BREAD ALONE BUT BY EVERY WORD THAT JEHOVAH SAYS By: JESUS More Quotes Submit Quotes LATEST POPULAR COMMENTS Speaker rules on Parliament bribe scandal today Trump welcomes Egypt's Sisi amid questions on rights record Analysts predict buoyant performance on Ghana Stock Exchange WAEC confident 2017 WASSCE won’t leak Transport unions to meet gov’t to review fares CitiFM launches #StopGalamseyNow campaign Ghana, Japan sign $58.4m grant agreements for road and healt Malta Guinness engages customers to mark three decades in Gh Gospel Artists rock Kumasi at Erduk Praise ARCHIVE GET MORE Hackman condemns 'unthinkable' GHc 70,000 salary for COCOBOD Nkrumah not the founder of Ghana – Mike Oquaye Video: Mahama’s India gods Failed Him In 2016 Election – Pro Russian Government urged to drop ban against Jehovah's Witne Fire guts Metro Mass bus en route to Cape Coast ‘Majority Of Ministers Took Mahama To A Shrine’ John Dumelo Hot Over Missing Cars COCOBOD Chief’s Salary Is The People’s Business National Philanthropy Forum and awards 2017 held…Fr. Campbel MOST POPULAR African Pentecostalism Has Given Birth To A New Breed Of Men FWSC has no hand in CEOs' salary determination An Open Letter To Ghanaians: Galamsey To Ban or Not? Are We In The Era Of “Honorable Knaves”? Alcohol manufacturers laud alcohol policy Government commences the implementation stage of Beneficial Contraband In Prison- A Victim’s Story Let's Deepen NDC's Woes And Consign Them To Opposition Forev The law will be applied without fear or favour - Akufo-Addo HAVE YOUR SAY News News headlines General News Education Crime/Punishment Social Affairs Press Releases Regional News Health News Sports Sport News Premier League CAN 2013 CAN 2012 CAN 2010 CAN 2008 Worldcup 2010 Worldcup 2014 Politics Elections 2012 Elections 2008 CPP News NPP News NDC News PNC News PPP News Diaspora UK & Ireland United States Canada Germany Switzerland Netherlands Italy France Real Estate Homes For Sale Uncompleted Houses Bargain Houses Luxury Houses House For Rent Unserviced Plots Serviced Plots Entertainment News Online Radio Watch TV Photo Gallery Audio Releases Music Albums Video Clips Africa Nigeria Egypt Libya Uganda Congo Liberia Kenya Ivory Coast South Africa Opinions Columnists Featured Articles Opinions Editorial Letters Critics Commentaries Have Your Say Polls & Surveys Business Business News Real Estate Classifieds Business Directory Website Directory Book Directory LifeStyle Health Beauty/Fashion Family/Parenting Health/Fitness Home/Food Poetry Relationships Social Issues Women Issues Classifieds Announcements Business Services Jobs/Employment Computers/Software Car/Trucks Friendships/Penpals Datings/Relationship Members All Profiles Female Profiles Male Profiles Hot Or Not Home About us Contact Us Feedback Ghana Online Radio Online TV Advertise RSS Feeds Site Map Partners Links Terms of use Privacy Policy All trademarks and copyrights on this page are owned by their respective owners. 2005-2017 © Copyright ModernGhana.com
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Toray Announces Consolidation of its North American Composite Materials Businesses News provided by Toray Composite Materials America, Inc. Apr 03, 2017, 00:00 ET Share this article TACOMA, Wash., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Toray Industries, Inc. (headquarters: Chuo-ku, Tokyo; President: Akihiro Nikkaku) announces the consolidation of its North American Carbon Fiber Composite Materials Businesses.  Toray Composites (America), Inc. [TCA], located in Tacoma, Washington, and Toray Carbon Fibers America, Inc.[CFA], located in Decatur, Alabama have been consolidated into a single business entity – Toray Composite Materials America, Inc. [CMA].   "This consolidation enables us to better integrate, better innovate, and better meet the demands of our customers," said Moriyuki Onishi, President and CEO of the newly formed CMA.  "Our partners in the Aerospace, Automotive and Industrial markets demand ever increasing efficiency and a simplified relationship," said Onishi. This consolidation will also include creation of Commercial Business Sectors – with Aerospace led by Tim Kirk, Vice President of Aerospace Sales and the Industrial Market led by Buster Tipton, Vice President of Industrial Sales.  These commercial business sectors will align Toray capability across product lines to increase customer value, shorten time to market, and strengthen critical relationships.   CMA's Tacoma plant was first established in 1992 as TCA – incorporating in Pierce County and adjacent to Boeing's Composite Manufacturing Center [CMC] – to enable an efficient supply stream of Toray's Carbon Fiber Composite Materials. First used on the Boeing 777, Toray's Carbon Fiber Composite Materials are now incorporated into the 777 and 787 primary structure and will be used on the new 777X wing. CMA's Tacoma plant supplies a diverse customer base both domestically and internationally and is a major exporter from Washington State. CMA's Decatur plant was first established in 1997 as CFA – incorporating in Morgan County.  The Decatur area has been known for its history in the chemical industries and offers attractive conditions for carbon fiber production.  CMA Decatur operates lines from precursor to carbon fiber and has a diverse base of customers in aerospace,  industrial, and automotive. It manufactures Standard Modulus [SM], Intermediate Modulus [IM] and Intermediate Modulus (+) [IM+] fibers for a global customer base.   CMA's Spartanburg plant, will be an integrated facility to produce precursor, carbon fiber and prepreg in a single manufacturing facility.  This plant is a cornerstone of Toray's growth in North America and provides critical supply chain redundancy and diversification.     To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/toray-announces-consolidation-of-its-north-american-composite-materials-businesses-300432830.html SOURCE Toray Composite Materials America, Inc. Related Links http://www.toraytca.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Toray Announces Consolidation of its North American Composite Materials Businesses News provided by Toray Composite Materials America, Inc. Apr 03, 2017, 00:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
current community chat English Language & Usage English Language & Usage Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Stack Exchange Inbox Reputation and Badges sign up log in tour help Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company Business Learn more about hiring developers or posting ads with us English Language & Usage Questions Tags Users Badges Unanswered Ask Question _ English Language & Usage Stack Exchange is a question and answer site for linguists, etymologists, and serious English language enthusiasts. Join them; it only takes a minute: Sign up Here's how it works: Anybody can ask a question Anybody can answer The best answers are voted up and rise to the top Meaning of “to pivot to do something” up vote 6 down vote favorite I found the use of the verb pivot in a context I can't quite understand: We will now pivot the company's effort to date and focus on becoming a comprehensive provider of ... What is the meaning of the verb pivot in this context? meaning expressions meaning-in-context share|improve this question edited Jul 17 '12 at 15:55 Daniel 43.8k46199323 asked Jul 17 '12 at 15:20 719016 1,554205380      Bear in mind that the phrase here is actually "pivot ... and focus on ...", not "pivot to ...". The phrase "to date" in this sentence means "until this moment," and is attached to "the company's effort." – StriplingWarrior Jul 17 '12 at 18:19 add a comment |  5 Answers 5 active oldest votes up vote 3 down vote accepted One specific connotation of the term "pivot" in this sense is that it is not just a "change of direction", but a "sudden, rapid change of direction and focus". Generally it implies that the company is essentially abandoning its previous efforts in order to make a concerted effort towards a new goal. Lessons may be learned from the old project, and parts may be salvaged and repurposed; but the original plan has been cast aside and everyone is working toward a new end. share|improve this answer answered Jul 18 '12 at 3:38 Hellion 44k986162      I think this goes in line with what the article later mentions: that the company that was acquired was used for their new expertise. – 719016 Jul 18 '12 at 8:10 add a comment |  up vote 6 down vote Steve Blank stated that Eric Ries chose the term "pivot" for the phase of a startup company that decides to change their goal: I want to introduce the concept of the pivot, the idea that successful startups change directions but stay grounded in what they've learned. They keep one foot in the past and place one foot in a new possible future. Source: Eric Ries' original post about the pivot share|improve this answer answered Jul 17 '12 at 15:36 Adam V 16126 1   +1. I like that this emphasizes that pivoting is not just changing directions: it specifically implies that one foot stays stationary. In basketball, someone cannot move across the court without dribbling, but they can pivot all they like. – StriplingWarrior Jul 17 '12 at 18:15 add a comment |  up vote 4 down vote To pivot means to turn. So the company in your example will now turn all its previous efforts, and work toward something else. This doesn't mean that the previous efforts were wasted or even misdirected—it simply means that the company has decided that a change in direction would be more fruitful than staying on the same course. Imagine a path with a bend in it. When you get to the corner, you pivot in order to keep walking on the path. If you stayed on the same course, you would get nowhere. Note that the walking you did before you pivoted was just as important as the walking afterward. share|improve this answer edited Jul 17 '12 at 17:46 answered Jul 17 '12 at 15:26 Daniel 43.8k46199323 1   I'd say turn rather than turn around, the latter being more indicative of about-face than is either turn or pivot. – jwpat7 Jul 17 '12 at 17:44 add a comment |  up vote 2 down vote The word pivot here is being used in the sense of (appreciable) "turn" albeit gently :) A fine example of corporate-speak, the sentence can be interpreted as the following: We (I) screwed up. But we are going to try to scavenge something from this mess by focussing on this other related thing. share|improve this answer answered Jul 17 '12 at 15:39 coleopterist 25.1k1682172 1   It doesn't have to be a "screwup" per se; it can simply be that a company thought they'd be able to make a business out of fixing problem A; they talked to enough customers to realize no one would pay enough to solve A, but they got enough requests to fix problem B that they "pivot" to work on B instead. – Adam V Jul 17 '12 at 15:45 add a comment |  up vote 1 down vote In business terms, a pivot means to modify the business model slightly. A pivot is a fundamental insight of the Lean Startup. It says on day one, all you have in your new venture is a series of untested hypothesis. Therefore you need to get outside of your building and rapidly test all your assumptions. The odds are that one or more of your hypotheses will be wrong. When you you discovery your error, rather than firing executives and/or creating a crisis, you simply change the hypotheses. What was lacking in the article was a clear definition of a Pivot. A Pivot is not just changing the product. A pivot can change any of nine different things in your business model. A pivot may mean you changed your customer segment, your channel, revenue model/pricing, resources, activities, costs, partners, customer acquisition – lots of other things than just the product. Definition: “A pivot is a substantive change to one or more of the 9 business model canvas components.” Source For example, a pivot can be changing the company's main revenue stream from advertising to subscriptions. Or it could mean changing the target market from youths to elderly people. It can also be a change involving costs and resources, such as changing a major partner from Boeing to Airbus, or moving the engineering center to India. Pivots are common in small startups, which have an uncertain business model. The meaning is derived from rapid experimentation and changes, sometimes trying out several different business models a week. However, larger corporations may rarely choose to pivot if a business climate changes. Unlike the non-business meaning of pivot, pivots for corporations may not be sudden. share|improve this answer answered 2 hours ago Muz 20916 add a comment |  Your Answer   draft saved draft discarded Sign up or log in Sign up using Google Sign up using Facebook Sign up using Email and Password Post as a guest Name Email Post as a guest Name Email discard By posting your answer, you agree to the privacy policy and terms of service. Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged meaning expressions meaning-in-context or ask your own question. asked 4 years ago viewed 9426 times active today Get the weekly newsletter! In it, you'll get: The week's top questions and answers Important community announcements Questions that need answers see an example newsletter 18 votes · comment · stats Linked 3 What is the figurative meaning of “pivot towards”? Related 4What does “to bleed something” mean? 1What is the meaning of ‘something blind’? 4Meaning of the phrase “take a pass on yelling uncle” 1What is the connotation or meaning of “exclusive thinking”? 4What is the meaning of the phrase “cut five sides in [something]”? 3What does “to have something to them” mean? 0To be sound in doing something? 0What does “delinquent” mean in this context? 1Meaning of 'get down with' something? 3What is the figurative meaning of “pivot towards”? Hot Network Questions Can you use Extend Spell Meta Magic more than once? How much experience is needed when I multiclass into a new class? Restoring Wordpress posts from database only How can I create braces around aligned equations? Developed film stuck to storage sleeves Is there any reason not to enforce HTTPS on a website? What is Zelda's Legend? Working on live dev code in the interview process: ethical? How to be sure API calls are using TLS 1.2 Why does the F-16 have a fixed stabilizer section inboard of the stabilators? Which one is correct : 'does it worth all the trouble ?' or 'is it worth all the trouble ?' Order of "female" and "male" in survey form Potential hijacked SSH session Why does every classical dynamical variable depend on position and momentum rather than position and velocity according to Shankar? I am new to natural logarithms. Can someone explain how this problem was simplified? Meaning of "h/t to reader “Mr. D”" It's [current year] already, folks, go home When do users understand that a wizard navigation bar is clickable? Are there any words whose spelling was deliberately changed to make them non-offensive? How to express in a diplomatic, but not faint way that an old (and popular) notion should be dismissed in favor of a new (and better) one? Is there any organization to a shantytown of storage containers? What makes enantiomers so special? Does a word meaning "Created Recklessly for Temporary Use" exist? Disclosing parent separation to all children together or each one separately more hot questions question feed about us tour help blog chat data legal privacy policy work here advertising info mobile contact us feedback Technology Life / Arts Culture / Recreation Science Other Stack Overflow Server Fault Super User Web Applications Ask Ubuntu Webmasters Game Development TeX - LaTeX Software Engineering Unix & Linux Ask Different (Apple) WordPress Development Geographic Information Systems Electrical Engineering Android Enthusiasts Information Security Database Administrators Drupal Answers SharePoint User Experience Mathematica Salesforce ExpressionEngine® Answers Cryptography Code Review Magento Signal Processing Raspberry Pi Programming Puzzles & Code Golf more (7) Photography Science Fiction & Fantasy Graphic Design Movies & TV Music: Practice & Theory Seasoned Advice (cooking) Home Improvement Personal Finance & Money Academia more (8) English Language & Usage Skeptics Mi Yodeya (Judaism) Travel Christianity English Language Learners Japanese Language Arqade (gaming) Bicycles Role-playing Games Anime & Manga Motor Vehicle Maintenance & Repair more (17) MathOverflow Mathematics Cross Validated (stats) Theoretical Computer Science Physics Chemistry Biology Computer Science Philosophy more (3) Meta Stack Exchange Stack Apps Area 51 Stack Overflow Talent site design / logo © 2017 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under cc by-sa 3.0 with attribution required rev 2017.3.31.25580 English Language & Usage Stack Exchange works best with JavaScript enabled
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Toray Announces Consolidation of its North American Composite Materials Businesses TACOMA, Wash., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Toray Industries, Inc. (headquarters: Chuo-ku, Tokyo; President: Akihiro Nikkaku) announces the consolidation of its North American Carbon Fiber Composite Materials Businesses.  Toray Composites (America), Inc. [TCA], located in Tacoma, Washington, and Toray Carbon Fibers America, Inc.[CFA], located in Decatur, Alabama have been consolidated into a single business entity – Toray Composite Materials America, Inc. [CMA].   "This consolidation enables us to better integrate, better innovate, and better meet the demands of our customers," said Moriyuki Onishi, President and CEO of the newly formed CMA.  "Our partners in the Aerospace, Automotive and Industrial markets demand ever increasing efficiency and a simplified relationship," said Onishi. This consolidation will also include creation of Commercial Business Sectors – with Aerospace led by Tim Kirk, Vice President of Aerospace Sales and the Industrial Market led by Buster Tipton, Vice President of Industrial Sales.  These commercial business sectors will align Toray capability across product lines to increase customer value, shorten time to market, and strengthen critical relationships.   CMA's Tacoma plant was first established in 1992 as TCA – incorporating in Pierce County and adjacent to Boeing's Composite Manufacturing Center [CMC] – to enable an efficient supply stream of Toray's Carbon Fiber Composite Materials. First used on the Boeing 777, Toray's Carbon Fiber Composite Materials are now incorporated into the 777 and 787 primary structure and will be used on the new 777X wing. CMA's Tacoma plant supplies a diverse customer base both domestically and internationally and is a major exporter from Washington State. CMA's Decatur plant was first established in 1997 as CFA – incorporating in Morgan County.  The Decatur area has been known for its history in the chemical industries and offers attractive conditions for carbon fiber production.  CMA Decatur operates lines from precursor to carbon fiber and has a diverse base of customers in aerospace,  industrial, and automotive. It manufactures Standard Modulus [SM], Intermediate Modulus [IM] and Intermediate Modulus (+) [IM+] fibers for a global customer base.   CMA's Spartanburg plant, will be an integrated facility to produce precursor, carbon fiber and prepreg in a single manufacturing facility.  This plant is a cornerstone of Toray's growth in North America and provides critical supply chain redundancy and diversification.     SOURCE Toray Composite Materials America, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAerospace/Defense, Automotive, Chemical, Restructuring/Recapitalizations, Transportation/Trucking/Railroad Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Oji Fibre Solutions unveils $30M investment in Penrose plant Next PostNext Bicycle Sharing Market – Global Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2012 – 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Biological Safety Testing Market is projected to reach USD 4.42 billion in 2022 Vican Resources, Inc. (VCAND: OTC Pink Current) | Symbol Change Canada Jetlines Ltd. (JETMD: Grey Market) | Symbol Change SPDI Secure Property Development & Investment PLC (SPPYF: Grey Market) | Deleted Symbol MEC Resources Ltd. (MECSF: Grey Market) | Deleted Symbol Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,663 -65.27 -0.31% Nasdaq 5,912 -2.61 -0.04% S&P 500 2,363 -5.34 -0.23% 3:00 A.M. ET Women are dropping $10,000 on ‘postpartum doulas’ to help them ‘process the birthing experience’ 2:43 A.M. ET Reckitt Benckiser to review food unit, options 2:21 A.M. ET China Caixin manufacturing PMI edges down in March 2:20 A.M. ET U.K. government cuts Lloyds stake to 1.97% 1:13 A.M. ET Australian house price growth fastest in 7 years 1:12 A.M. ET Oil prices hold steady as investors watch for Saudi exports 4/02 Australia retail sales unexpectedly drop in Feb. 4/02 Updated Trump says U.S. can resolve North Korea situation alone 4/02 Asian markets march toward gains ahead of U.S.-China summit 4/02 Updated Search for survivors in Colombia after flooding, landslide kill hundreds 4/02 Updated Over 60% of stock investors made money in March — even as Snap IPO hurt many 4/02 Updated Mark Cuban: Trump ‘had no clue’ about Russian campaign ties 4/02 Malaysia manufacturing output weakens in March 4/02 Updated The growing divide between the haves and the have-nots, in one stunning chart 4/02 Updated Neil deGrasse Tyson says he won’t be a SpaceX customer until Elon Musk does this 4/02 Updated Trump presidency: a ‘buy low’ candidate? 4/02 Donald Trump has a really good reason for playing golf again 4/02 Japanese business confidence weaker than expected 4/02 South Carolina women win their first NCAA basketball title 4/02 Chicago teen arrested in sexual assault broadcast on Facebook Live Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Toray Announces Consolidation of its North American Composite Materials Businesses By Published: Apr 3, 2017 12:00 a.m. ET Share TACOMA, Wash., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Toray Industries, Inc. (headquarters: Chuo-ku, Tokyo; President: Akihiro Nikkaku) announces the consolidation of its North American Carbon Fiber Composite Materials Businesses.  Toray Composites (America), Inc. [TCA], located in Tacoma, Washington, and Toray Carbon Fibers America, Inc.[CFA], located in Decatur, Alabama have been consolidated into a single business entity – Toray Composite Materials America, Inc. [CMA].   "This consolidation enables us to better integrate, better innovate, and better meet the demands of our customers," said Moriyuki Onishi, President and CEO of the newly formed CMA.  "Our partners in the Aerospace, Automotive and Industrial markets demand ever increasing efficiency and a simplified relationship," said Onishi. This consolidation will also include creation of Commercial Business Sectors – with Aerospace led by Tim Kirk, Vice President of Aerospace Sales and the Industrial Market led by Buster Tipton, Vice President of Industrial Sales.  These commercial business sectors will align Toray capability across product lines to increase customer value, shorten time to market, and strengthen critical relationships.   CMA's Tacoma plant was first established in 1992 as TCA – incorporating in Pierce County and adjacent to Boeing's Composite Manufacturing Center [CMC] – to enable an efficient supply stream of Toray's Carbon Fiber Composite Materials. First used on the Boeing 777, Toray's Carbon Fiber Composite Materials are now incorporated into the 777 and 787 primary structure and will be used on the new 777X wing. CMA's Tacoma plant supplies a diverse customer base both domestically and internationally and is a major exporter from Washington State. CMA's Decatur plant was first established in 1997 as CFA – incorporating in Morgan County.  The Decatur area has been known for its history in the chemical industries and offers attractive conditions for carbon fiber production.  CMA Decatur operates lines from precursor to carbon fiber and has a diverse base of customers in aerospace,  industrial, and automotive. It manufactures Standard Modulus [SM], Intermediate Modulus [IM] and Intermediate Modulus (+) [IM+] fibers for a global customer base.   CMA's Spartanburg plant, will be an integrated facility to produce precursor, carbon fiber and prepreg in a single manufacturing facility.  This plant is a cornerstone of Toray's growth in North America and provides critical supply chain redundancy and diversification.     To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/toray-announces-consolidation-of-its-north-american-composite-materials-businesses-300432830.html SOURCE Toray Composite Materials America, Inc. Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Instagram users: we’ve created the most narcissistic social network on the planet Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco Mark Cuban: Trump ‘had no clue’ about Russian campaign ties Think you would win an argument with a robot? Watch this. MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
null
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Aerospace and defense Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Regional Transportation Sports Angels Chargers Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Dining Directory Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Love Clicks Dating Religion Travel Worship Directory Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Directory Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition About Us Contact Us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/DailyBreezeNews Home â News â Business â Aerospace and defense As military base cuts loom, aerospace leaders prepare to defend El Segundo’s Air Force installment Los Angeles Air Force Base in El Segundo, California March 31, 2017. Chuck Bennett/Staff Photographer By Sandy Mazza, Daily Breeze Posted: 04/02/17, 4:54 PM PDT | Updated: 5 hrs ago # Comments Los Angeles Air Force Base in El Segundo, California March 31, 2017. Chuck Bennett/Staff Photographer Bracing for an impending round of military defense restructuring, aerospace industry leaders across Los Angeles are geared up to protect the previously threatened Los Angeles Air Force Base in El Segundo. The unique defense outpost, a technological think tank and home of the Space and Missile Systems Center, mostly consists of offices that resemble its neighboring aerospace industry campuses more than a military base. Without aircraft and war fighters milling about, the facility’s purpose is often lost on those who pass by. But, among other things, it controls the constellation of Global Positioning System satellites that also power civilian land, sea, and air navigation, communication, time-keeping, traffic management, mapping, rail-tracking management and, of course, cellphone technology. The base, situated at Aviation and El Segundo boulevards, is critical to the region’s economy as well as the military’s surveillance, communications and aerospace strategies, said Jim Adams, senior adviser for Los Angeles County Economic Development Corp.’s Southern California Aerospace Council. The base has more than a $1.8 billion impact on the county’s economy, mostly centered in the South Bay, according to the Air Force. “These are the rocket scientists of the Air Force, the Air Force’s smartest thinkers buying some of the most technologically advanced things,” Adams said. “If it did move, we’d lose a lot of the infrastructure in this technological gem, this brain trust. It would be a huge loss for Southern California.” Why it’s threatened The base narrowly escaped closure during a round of military Base Realignment and Closure in 2003. Another so-called BRAC round is expected within the next two years, as the Department of Defense continues to insist its infrastructure is bloated and that current levels can be chopped by at least one-fourth. “There have been proposals to relocate operations at Los Angeles Air Force Base to other regions in the U.S., such as Colorado,” said Lawren Markle, spokesman for the Los Angeles County Economic Development Corp. Markle said there is no indication the base will again make the list this time. Advertisement President Donald Trump already has said he plans to increase military spending. But, at the same time, his policies have clashed with those of California’s political leaders, and some fear potential blow-back. “We don’t know how this will play out under the new version of this review, but it would be helpful if California and Washington, D.C., were working together more constructively,” Markle said. “There is some added concern in the current political environment.” BRAC legislation introduced Rep. Adam Smith, D-Washington, recently introduced the Military Infrastructure Consolidation and Efficiency Act of 2016 to guide the impending cuts. The Pentagon has repeatedly requested a new BRAC round since 2013 to cut what it says is a 22 percent excess capacity across all branches. The Air Force has 32 percent excess capacity, according to an April 2016 defense-infrastructure analysis. In 2003, the Los Angeles base was spared closure after a group of politicians and business leaders lobbied fiercely to save it. El Segundo, Hawthorne, base officials and a private developer hammered out a complex land-swap deal, allowing the base to affordably move across the street to a new facility. But the fear of losing the base still resonates in the hearts and minds of those who fought to keep it from shutting down. Former county Supervisor Don Knabe said in 2003 that he could hardly sleep the night before the decision on the base’s future was announced. “I woke up twice during the night. I just have tremendous elation right now,” Knabe said shortly after learning the base had been saved. “It’s been a great team effort.” The base has since added more than 1,000 workers than it had in 2003. With 6,300 employees, it is one of the area’s largest employers, and its network of contractors and partners is extensive. Adams said those support firms would be devastated or leave the area if the base moved. “These are the folks that actually help buy our country’s space infrastructure for the Department of Defense’s interfacing with Boeing, Northrop, Lockheed (and others),” Adams said. “Many base contractors are headquartered right here in Southern California,” he said. “Aerospace Corp. is right across the street — in fact, there’s a bridge between the two. If there were impacts to the base, many contractors would follow.” A growing ‘technological transformation’ The Southern California Aerospace Council met March 20 to begin planning efforts to better promote the county’s growing technological and aerospace industries, and to protect the base. A 2016 study by the county’s Economic Development Corp. found that the historically strong aerospace sector, which was cut dramatically during the Cold War, is returning. “The aerospace industry is in the midst of technological transformation. In Southern California today, leading commercial technologies are moving into the aerospace market,” reported the study, The Changing Face of Aerospace in Southern California. “Engineers and innovators are pushing the boundaries of the industry, now no longer focused on avionics alone but introducing increasingly complex systems of communication, autonomy, advanced manufacturing processes, robotics and artificial intelligence.” The challenge for the immediate future will be in how the region nurtures the jobs and companies that settle here, the report says. As commercial investment grows in military-generated technologies like GPS capabilities, the local aerospace sector could boom exponentially, experts say. Already, Southern California ranks third in the country for development of artificial intelligence and deep-learning technologies, a LinkedIn study of regional skills found. The base is a critical component to sustaining and growing the industry, which offers needed high-paying jobs, experts say. “This is a very unique facility,” Adams said. “There’s not another Space and Missile Systems Center anywhere in the country. Not only does it support our troops and readiness and infrastructure, this is the main interface to our space contractors.” Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off About the Author Reporter covering Carson, Hawthorne, Hermosa Beach and the environment. Reach the author at sandy.mazza@dailybreeze.com or follow Sandy on Twitter: @SandyMazza. Full bio and more articles by Sandy Mazza Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life No results found Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. The Daily Breeze Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © The Daily Breeze Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 3 April 2017 Tier-one aerospace firm to invest in Malaysia by david tan LANGKAWI: A tier-one aerospace manufacturer is coming to invest in Malaysia, making it the first tier-one aerospace manufacturer to come to the country after a hiatus of 10 years. This would spur the creation of high-income jobs in the country. An International Trade and Industry Ministry (Miti) source said at the 14th Langkawi International Maritime and Aerospace Exhibition 2017 (Lima 2017) that negotiations were now on-going and should conclude by the end of of this year. “The investment should benefit three to four small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in the country, create more high-value jobs, and contribute to realising the Aerospace Industry Blueprint 2015-2030 road map, launched in 2015,” the source said. The tier-one Spirit AeroSystems, which is based in Wichita, Kansas, was the last aerospace manufacturing giant that invested in Malaysia in 2007. The Miti source said this move would likely trigger another wave of tier-one manufacturing investments into the country to tap on the growing aerospace business in Malaysia over the next decade as projected by the blueprint. “After Singapore, we are one of the strongest competitors in this region for aerospace investments. “The other competitors are Indonesia and Thailand,” he said. The tier-one aerospace manufacturer with plans to invest here is believed to be from the US. Since the ascendancy of Donald Trump as the president of United States, there have been concerns whether US investments would flow back home. In an exclusive interview with StarBiz recently, US ambassador Kamala Shirin Lakhdhir said that US companies in Malaysia made independent decisions based on the business environment and needs of the supply chain. “US companies here produced for the global market and therefore make decisions according to the commercial environment. “They have been here for decades and are still around because the Malaysian government has been very supportive in facilitating their investments. “This why companies such as First Solar is committed to expanding in Malaysia,” she said. She said the feedback received from the US companies so far had been positive. “The US investments here will either be maintained or grow further,” she added. Fresh aerospace business opportunities are in the area of high-precision component manufacturing, with abundant opportunities for the transfer of advanced technologies in engineering, electronics, composite materials, system integration, maintenance, repair, overhaul (MRO) and industry-led research and technology. “Since the implementation of the blueprint, SME Corp has nurtured 10 small and enterprises (SMEs) to produce aerospace parts and components. “Another 10 are currently being identified to strengthen the aerospace manufacturing eco-system of the country. “As business opportunities in the oil and gas industry are still limited due to the economic slowdown, we can expect more local SMEs with the machinery and capabilities to perform high-precision component manufacturing to diversify into the aerospace sector,” the source said. Local SMEs with the machinery and high-precision manufacturing capabilities can obtain international certifications from regulatory bodies such as The Civil Aviation Authority, the Federal Aviation Administration and the European Aviation Safety Agency to play a role in the aerospace manufacturing eco-system. According to the blueprint, launched during Lima 2015, the local aerospace industry is expected to generate a RM55.2bil revenue and 32,000 high-income jobs by 2030. “The goals of the blueprint are very achievable because of the projection for future orders by Boeing and AirBus,” the source said Boeing has forecast a need for over 39,600 airplanes valued at more than US$5.9 trillion over the next 20 years. In its “About our Market: Current Market Outlook 2016-2035” report, Boeing said 38% or about 15,000 of the new airplanes would be delivered to Asia. Airbus projects a need for 33,070 new passenger aircraft – valued at US$ 5.2 trillion – over the next 20 years, based on its latest Global Market Forecast (GMF): Mapping Demand report. Meanwhile, Miti Minister Datuk Seri Mustapa Mohamed said the aerospace industry in the country was expected to grow at 7% in 2017, with the aerospace manufacturing sector contributing 55% to the aerospace industry revenue. Tags / Keywords: Investing , Stocks , Earnings , Corporate News , invest Related Stories Related Stories ‘Trade war will be too costly for US economy’ Dealmaker Erick Thohir eyes insurance after Inter Milan sale Panasonic to invest in Tesla’s plant for solar cells Manufacturers gain from growth of medical device, aerospace and test equipment industries Switzerland's Roche in RM118mil expansion in M'sia You May Be Interested 8 types of runners you meet at a marathon Fantastic Australian wildlife experiences and where to find them Digi spearheads digital learning trend among employees You May Be Interested 8 types of runners you meet at a marathon Fantastic Australian wildlife experiences and where to find them Digi spearheads digital learning trend among employees Others Also Read A local touch in Cantonese cuisine Amended Domestic Violence Act to cover male victims and emotional abuse cases as well When dinner for two at hotel means so much more Property Related advertisement Latest News Inta Bina picks M&A Securities for IPO Maybank, GentingM underpin KLCI's gains at midday Businesses maintain positive sentiments for Q2-Q3 2017 amid headwinds Bank Rakyat picks Zulkiflee as new MD and president Eco World International : GuocoLand tie-up being finalised Most Viewed in Business Bank Rakyat picks Zulkiflee as new MD and president Eco World International : GuocoLand tie-up being finalised Eco World International stages firm debut, warrants surge No more land sale in TRX Maybank, GentingM underpin KLCI's gains at midday Ringgit opens unchanged against US$ Monday Businesses maintain positive sentiments for Q2-Q3 2017 amid headwinds Blue chips dip early Monday, Eco World International in focus Construction jobs tendered out not hitting targeted RM200bil Trading ideas: EWI, AirAsia, Vizione, GHL Systems advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States The 5 Best Performing DJIA Stocks for Q1 By Paul Ausick April 1, 2017 9:45 am EDT Print Email Tweet Between the November election and the end of 2016, the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) index gained 7.8%. Since the beginning of 2017, the index has added another 4.5%. The so-called Trump bump peaked at the beginning of March with both the S&P and the Dow up around 7% for the year. Any way you look at it, that’s a good start for the year and miles better than the dismal start to 2016. Whether stocks will continue their upward trend remains to be seen. Much depends on the ability of the Trump administration to deliver on promised tax cuts and regulatory changes, and we may not have anything but rumors to go on until the second quarter is in the books given comments that the target date for the plan is August. Here are the top five DJIA index performers for the first quarter. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) is up 24.6% year to date. The iPhone maker reported a solid first fiscal quarter, while speculation about the next iPhone (called, variously, the iPhone 8i or the iPhone X by everyone but Apple) drove the stock even higher. Shares closed down about 0.2% on Friday, at $143.66 in a 52-week range of $89.47 to $144.50, a high set earlier in the week. Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) is up 14.6%. Boeing’s stock has risen less on corporate performance than on potential gains from tax law changes. A border adjustment tax would be an absolute godsend for Boeing and, so far at least, that is not off the tax reform table. Shares closed down about 0.6% on Friday at $176.86 in a 52-week range of $122.35 to $185.71. Visa Inc. (NYSE: V) is up 14.1%. The financial stocks have been on a tear since January, primarily due to expected regulatory relief from some of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. Shares of Visa closed down about 0.2% on Friday, at $88.87 in a 52-week range of $73.25 to $92.05. Cisco Systems Inc. (NASDAQ: CSCO) is up 12.8%. The tech sector has been a good performer among all 30 Dow stocks. Apple was the top performer in the sector, but IBM, with a gain of nearly 6%, was the worst. Not bad, as a group. Cisco stock closed up about 0.2% on Friday to $33.80, in a 52-week range of $25.81 to $34.53. Home Depot Inc. (NYSE: HD) is up 10.2%. The home improvement giant has led the consumer discretionary sector on solid earnings and revenue growth coupled with an upbeat outlook. Shares closed Friday at $146.83, down less than 0.1% for the day, in a 52-week range of $119.20 to $150.15. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « The 5 Worst Performing S&P 500 Stocks in Q1 The 5 Worst Performing Dow Stocks in Q1 » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, featured, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO), Home Depot (NYSE:HD), Visa (NYSE:V) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America Most Educated City in Each State The Richest Town in Every State Youngest County in Every State The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Over 3,000 Tickets Available For NCAA Men’s Basketball Championship Tesla Delivers Over 25,000 Cars In First Quarter Insider Buying Steady as Q1 Closes: Sears, Ford, Continental Resources, Fifth Street Finance and More What You Must Know Before Subscribing to a VPN Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 3 Mortgage Facts That May Surprise You Don't Let These Mistakes Take a Bite Out of Your Retirement Savings OptionsHouse vs. TradeKing: Better Broker for an IRA? North Carolina to face Gonzaga in NCAA men's basketball championship Monday night Rare 1804 silver dollar fetches nearly $3.3M in record-breaking coin collection auction: AP Ford recalls 53,000 2017 F-250 trucks because they can roll even when parked: AP New Breakout Stocks Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) Can Raymond James Financial (RJF) Stock Continue to Grow Earnings? Top Ranked Income Stocks to Buy for March 31st Stocks start second quarter on firm note, U.S. policy in focus as Trump-Xi talks loom Apple sparks row with pledge to drop Imagination Tech graphics Tesla delivers quarterly record of 25,000 vehicles in first quarter Asian markets gain on Japan data, awaiting US-China meeting Senate Panel Expected to Approve Trump's Supreme Court Pick Oil Falls on Oversupply Worries Attorney For Bill O’Reilly Accuser Calls Fox News ‘The Bill Cosby Of Corporate America’ Billionaire Mark Cuban Says Trump's Too Clueless To Collude With Russia Ivanka Trump Keeping Stake In D.C. Hotel Despite White House Role, Filings Show Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Beyond Stocks Macro View Net Worth Real Assets Your Money Firm Calls Mutual Funds Technically People Analysis Trump factor in Indo-US trade ties Mukesh Butani comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Despite counter pulls, the two nations will find ground for common economic interests With a thumping win in the recent state polls, and a break of 8 to 10 months from local elections, the stage is set for the Modi government to roll out a string of foreign economic policy reforms. An increase in flow of foreign institutional investments and a spike in the strength of the Indian currency couldn’t have come at a more opportune moment. A key component of such reforms would be to reset priorities for foreign trade that accounts for 32 per cent of the country’s GDP as per the Economic survey 2017. While the global trade environment remains subdued, given a shift towards protectionism and other geo-political issues over the past year or so, India will do well to pursue an open market policy, in view of its thirst for foreign investment and growth in share of international trade, which underpins its economic growth agenda. With the US administration’s protectionist ‘America first’ stance, it may well have to adopt a wait and watch approach, at least in the short term, to absorb its impact on the policy initiatives of the Trump administration and on cross-border investment ties. The most severe of Trump administration’s policy actions is its far-right stance on immigration, significantly impacting a sizeable population of Indian software professionals on H-1B and L1 visas in the US. Indian citizens constitute the most of high-skilled workers, accounting for over 70 per cent of visa applicants. This clearly disrupts the burgeoning Indian IT industry, at large, as it loses its significant outsourcing opportunity. Lease of life for pharma Pharmaceuticals constitute India’s second biggest exports to the US ($7.4 billion in 2016) after gems and jewellery, and with the Trump administration’s failed attempt at repealing Obamacare, the Indian industry appears to have won a fresh lease of life. Even a suggestion of replacing Obamacare with new drug pricing rules and social insurance programs had spelt anxiety for the majority of Indian pharma players. One cannot lose sight of the fact that this industry contributes significantly to lowering healthcare costs in the US with quality affordable generic drugs. So, any material policy change will be counter-productive from the socio-economic standpoint. On taxes, the Trump administration promises to cut the domestic corporate tax rate sharply down from 35 to 15 per cent, with an eye to bringing back investments and jobs to the US. A lower tax regime would indeed provide fillip to businesses setting up their bases in the US; Fiat Chrysler, Ford Motors and General Motors have already followed suit. Besides, the ‘Border Adjustment Tax’ which exempts income from exports and dis-entitles tax deductibility of manufacturing costs payable in offshore jurisdictions pursuant to imports, could potentially be detrimental to Indian trades exporting to the US, rendering Indian goods expensive and possibly uncompetitive. The US’ recognition of India as a ‘Major Defence Partner’ and contributions to India’s ‘Make in India’ campaign shall be crucial as India promotes indigenisation of military manufacturing base. Boeing and Lockheed Martin have already begun manufacturing of fighter jets, heavy lift helicopters, Javelin missile system, etc, in India. The US, being a major supplier of defence equipment to India, shall also look to maintain close defence ties with India as this is an area of common interest for both the countries. It appears that Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Trump share an uncanny commonality in so far as it relates to developing strong domestic capabilities by promoting indigenisation — whether it is ‘Make in India’ or the ‘America first’ flagship programmes of the respective governments. It is therefore believed that the two leaders will have common grounds of mutual interest to build on their traditional alliance relationships premised on reciprocity. Though the initial stance of the new administration does raise an element of anxiety for Indian businesses, particularly for IT, pharma and manufacturing sectors, it is anticipated that the two large democracies will engage and find ground for common economic interests and growth with bilateral diplomatic and economic relationship. The writer is Managing Partner, BMR Legal. With inputs from Anuj Agarwal, Manager, BMR Legal (This article was published on April 2, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS World | USA | economy, business and finance | trade | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED The right tool to manage liquidity Trump factor in Indo-US trade ties Go Figure Investment cycle revival not imminent Signalling good times ahead How to fight black money better LATEST NEWS Nifty call: Go long with a stop-loss at 9,185 2 min. ago MCD polls: High Court refuses common symbol to Swaraj India 9 min. ago Nikkei edges up but upbeat tankan fails to brighten exporters' sentiment 11 min. ago Liquor stocks fall as apex court reaffirms ban on outlets near highways 16 min. ago Sunrisers Hyderabad sign big-name sponsors for IPL Season 10 18 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Macro View/Sector View The right tool to manage liquidity Cash management bills (CMBs) help mop up excess money in the system » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive log in weather Petri: Jared Kushner's to-do list gets longer Sunday Apr 2, 2017 at 9:30 AM By Alexandra Petri/The Washington Post Every day, it seems, Jared Kushner's portfolio of responsibilities expands a little. First, it was merely to restore peace to the Middle East ("If you can't produce peace in the Middle East," Trump told him, "nobody can.") Then he started acting like a special envoy to Mexico and China. Now he must also run government like a business? Maybe it's not that Kushner is exceptionally competent. Maybe the goddess Hera just hates him. His tasks: - Solve the following riddle: The leaks are real, but the news is fake. Learn the answer and then tell it to Sean Spicer before the sun sets or Sean Spicer will be trapped in his present form and position for all eternity. - Find the one pure-hearted retailer whom Ivanka Trump's shoes will still fit. - Drain the Undrainable Swamp using no tools other than current or former Goldman Sachs employees. - Lull Stephen Bannon into a deep sleep, waiting for all six of his eyes to close, then steal the golden key he hides in his hollow tooth. With the key, journey east of the sun, west of the moon, beyond the sea and past the house of the North Wind until you find a silver castle hanging in the air. In the castle is a golden casket guarded by a dragon with scales of ivory and bronze. Unlock the casket with the key, and put President Trump's tax returns inside. Destroy the key in the fires of Mount Doom. - Spin Trumpcare into gold. - Bring President Trump a base as white as milk, an electoral map as red as blood, hair as yellow as corn and a trademark as pure as gold before the sun sets on the 100th day so that he may retain his uncanny youth, health and genes. - Find the Blue Fairy. She can make the inauguration crowds real. - Find a basis for Trump's allegations of wiretapping and 3 million fraudulent voters, and pick up all the spilled lentils from the hearth before the cock crows three times. - Bring Trump a ship that can fly on both land and sea (but not from Boeing.) - Build an un-climbable wall using no money at all. - Wrestle a lion to death. This is a fun bonding activity for REAL Trump sons, never mind. - Bring back the three-headed hound of hell and find it a good Cabinet position. - Find 23 more approval points and bring them to President Trump before the clock strikes midnight. - When is a Muslim ban not a Muslim ban? Resolve this paradox and whisper it into President Trump's ear before Stephen Bannon awakens from his nap. - Journey to the Land Beyond the Sea and find an investor willing to put millions into your New York property. - Bring peace to the Middle East, fix the opioid epidemic, head a task force to run government like a business, translate Rex Tillerson's remarks into a volume detectable by the human ear and serve as President Trump's "lead adviser on relations with China, Mexico, Canada and the Middle East." Have we considered the possibility that President Trump is a fairy-tale villain who set all of Ivanka Trump's suitors a series of impossible tasks? Even though she and Kushner have been married for years now, Trump is still not satisfied that he is worthy, and now he must scale the glass castle (Trump Tower) lest he be transformed into an endangered mammal for the rest of his mortal days and hunted from a helicopter. It makes more sense than any other explanation I can think of. Alexandra Petri is a Washington Post columnist. Follow her @petridishes.     About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Communities Work for Us Milford Daily News Ads Find your Wicked Local town Ashland Framingham Shrewsbury Holliston Hopkinton Hudson Marlborough Westborough More Communities Natick Northborough Southborough Sudbury Wayland Weston Wicked Local Site Services Subscribe E-Edition Submit Your News Find Us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Advertise With Us Contact us See us on Instagram Find us on Tumblr Market Place Classifieds Find Framingham Jobs Real Estate © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse Opinion Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. MetroWest Daily News, Framingham, MA ~ 33 New York Ave., Framingham, MA 01701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime Police Scanner Local Education Business Region State news Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports High School Pros & Colleges Sports Columnists N.E. Pro Sports Entertainment Calendar Arts Theater Travel Books Movies Music TV Guide Celebrity News Lifestyle Food Weddings/Engagements Health & Environment Home & Garden Boomers Pets Faith Family Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries Towns Ashland Framingham Holliston Hopkinton Hudson Marlborough Natick Northborough Southborough Sudbury Wayland Weston More Weather Contact us Calendar Submit Your News Blogs Blogness on the Edge of Town Photos Videos Readers Choice Branded Content Contests Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Find-N-Save Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate The Spokane River, photographed last summer from Riverfront Park in downtown Spokane. Gonzaga University, which will play this weekend in the NCAA Final Four basketball championships, is located on the river’s north bank. (Dan Bates / The Herald) Julie Muhlstein Gonzaga basketball is just the icing on Spokane’s cake Julie Muhlstein Wed Mar 29th, 2017 9:35pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. Remember why you left. It was advice from one Spokane native to another. The late Stan Strick, a former executive editor of The Herald and my longtime supervisor, would say, “Remember why you left,” whenever we got to talking about our shared hometown. I suppose he wanted to keep me on the job here. Strick and I would chat about my visits to Spokane, where my parents and sister still live, or about his stops there on frequent trips to Yellowstone. Rather than dwelling on reasons for leaving Spokane — I left to attend the University of Washington — we would end up remembering the best things about the place. Along with its blue skies, tall pines and gorgeous lakes nearby, Spokane has lovely neighborhoods with affordable houses. And yes, there’s Gonzaga basketball. When Mark Few’s Bulldogs take on South Carolina at the NCAA Tournament’s Final Four in Phoenix on Saturday, the Spokane team will make history. Gonzaga has come close, but never before has made it to the Final Four. The Zags’ nearly undefeated season is now in a spotlight extending far beyond the world of basketball. That attention has even crossed the Atlantic. A snarky article, “How Gonzaga became the central hope for the struggling city of Spokane,” was published March 14 in the London-based Guardian. It was written by Cody Delistraty, who grew up in Spokane. He described how his widowed father, who lives there, “listens to every Zags game on the radio, while eating his dinner alone.” While crediting the winning team for “an adjustment of the city’s collective emotions,” the writer paints a gloomy picture of a place I love. Delistraty noted Spokane’s 7 percent unemployment rate, its crime and conservative politics. Even his compliment to the Zags takes a back-handed tone: “For a moment, to be from Spokane is a privilege, and even if you’re from a desperate town you become, if only for a short while, a winner.” Desperate town? The last time I was there, it was hard to miss the new Davenport Grand Hotel. It’s near Washington State University’s new Elson S. Floyd College of Medicine on Spokane Falls Boulevard. Last summer, downtown Spokane streets were packed with crowds for Hoopfest, which like the annual Bloomsday run draws tens of thousands of visitors. Spokane, like Everett or Seattle, has serious problems, but the city Delistraty described isn’t my hometown. The Guardian article generated blowback, along with some good fun including the social media hashtag #CodyComeHome. The newspaper printed an apology and corrected several factual errors in the piece. In Snohomish County, Gonzaga University alumni are excited about their school’s first trip to the Final Four. Nick Questad, a 2006 graduate, is president of the Gonzaga University Alumni Association’s Seattle chapter. An engineer, he works at Boeing in Everett. Questad, 32, will leave Friday for Phoenix and has tickets to Saturday’s game. Now living in Shoreline, he grew up in Woodinville. “I still go back quite a bit. Drive down the hill into Spokane, and you see all the ‘Go Zags’ signs in windows and on bumper stickers,” he said. “There’s lots to love about the Spokane area. It’s a big enough city that there are things to do, but it has a small-city feel.” Everett’s Bob Wodnik, a former Herald writer and Gonzaga University alumnus, also will travel to Phoenix. Now a senior communication specialist with Sound Transit, the 62-year-old Wodnik said he and his wife, Bridget, went online looking for Final Four tickets as soon as Gonzaga defeated Xavier on Saturday. They usually go to one Gonzaga game each year in Spokane. This year, it was the Brigham Young University game — Gonzaga’s only loss this season. Wodnik said friends told him, “You guys can never come back.” “I love Spokane. It’s just a fun town,” said Wodnik, who remembered going to Gonzaga basketball games in the 1970s that were sparsely attended. He is thrilled that Gonzaga’s NCAA tournament successes, starting in 1999, have kept rolling. “It’s incredible is what it is.” “It was a great place to go to school. It had kind of a small-town feel,” said John Olson, Everett Community College vice president of college advancement and executive director of the EvCC Foundation. Olson remembers the area’s outdoor recreation, cliff-jumping at Post Falls, Idaho, and watching friends play hockey. He won’t be in Phoenix, but will be cheering all the same. “It just shows you what sticking with the philosophy of the program can turn into. They recruit quality kids, and want people to exemplify the mission of that school,” Olson said. “Just going to school there four years, Spokane has a soft place in my heart,” Questad said. And the game? “It’s going to be a defensive battle with South Carolina,” said Questad, who of course expects a Bulldog win. “Go Zags.” Julie Muhlstein: 425-339-3460; jmuhlstein@heraldnet.com.   A Bing Crosby display, including his youth basketball photo and pipe, is among the historical items on view at Spokane’s famed Davenport Hotel. The singer-actor lived near Gonzaga University as a boy and later studied law there. (Dan Bates / The Herald)   Most Read Two women found dead in fire that destroyed Everett home EVERETT — Two women were found dead in a central Everett home… Apr 2nd, 2017 by Herald Staff Half-percent sales-tax increase to support transit starts today LYNNWOOD — The day has come. A sales-tax hike across south Snohomish… Apr 1st, 2017 by Eric Stevick Tulips to bloom a bit late for Skagit Valley festival Only Mother Nature knows when the tulip fields in Skagit Valley will… Apr 1st, 2017 by Gale Fiege Everett breaks record for amount of rainfall EVERETT — A climatologist says record-breaking rains aren’t so bad. The lettuce… Apr 1st, 2017 by Caitlin Tompkins Police renew investigation into ‘amazing’ young man’s killing LYNNWOOD — In the last months of his life, Henry Faison was… Apr 2nd, 2017 by Rikki King © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
on Serving Central Oregon since 1903 Monday, April 3, 2017 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation Local/State Education Environment Bend Deschutes County Politics OSU-Cascades Marijuana Sports High School Ducks Beavers Golf Community Sports Outdoors Business Real Estate Lifestyle Restaurants Drinks Food Home & Garden Family Milestones Fashion Travel Outdoors Cook Like a Chef Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Endorsements Submission Policies Erik Lukens column Entertainment Events Music Movies GO! Arts Restaurants Drinks Books TV Health Pulse Magazine Opioids addiction Slideshows Obits MORE Jobs Nation Science/Tech Outdoors Events Classifieds Webcams Special Publications BendHomes.com Subscribe My Account Digital Newsstand Submit a photo Home Local/State Sports Business Lifestyle Entertainment Slideshows Obits Jobs Science/Tech Events Classifieds Webcams BendHomes.com My Account Submit a photo Movies GO! Restaurants Home Nation / World Conservative split over import tax imperils Trump’s reform goal print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google In focus: ‘Border adjustment’ Conservative split over import tax imperils Trump’s reform goal By Nicholas Confessore and Alan Rappeport / New York Times News Service Published Apr 2, 2017 at 12:02AM One conservative group produced colorful flow charts warning millennials that a “border adjustment” tax proposed by Speaker Paul Ryan would raise prices on “the Jose Cuervo tequila that’s in your happy hour margarita.” Three days later, a second conservative group kicked off a lobbying campaign saying it would amount to a $1.2 trillion tax on seniors and the working poor. The next day, still another group weighed in, issuing a news release that highlighted how Latinos would be “among those hardest hit” by the new tax on imports. All three organizations share a common lineage: They are part of the political network overseen by Charles and David Koch, the billionaire conservative businessmen. Now they are among a host of conservative organizations mounting a furious campaign against a new tax on imports proposed by House Republicans, imperiling what is supposed to be a centerpiece of the Republican tax overhaul effort. Their opposition threatens yet another rupture with President Donald Trump, some of whose advisers see the provision as a critical way to bring about tax reform while protecting U.S. manufacturers. The battle could not only jeopardize Trump’s second major legislative initiative, but also redefine the boundaries of conservative economic policy. Much like the failed repeal of the Affordable Care Act, the import tax is dividing conservatives, the business sector and some of the deepest-pocketed groups funding conservative politics. Along the way, it is exposing the broader ideological divide between nationalist policies embraced by Trump and the traditional small-government movement that his election ejected from the driver’s seat of Republican policymaking. “Trump ran on a different set of economic issues than traditional conservative Republicans have,” said Stephen Moore, a fellow at the Heritage Foundation who favors the border tax on intellectual grounds, but said he had come to see it as a “poison pill” for broader tax reform. “The baton has been passed on from Reagan to Trump,” Moore continued, “and there’s no doubt he ran on a much more populist economic message.” The idea of a border adjustment tax has percolated among academic economists and in think tanks since the 1970s, as the United States has considered ways of harmonizing its tax code with countries that use value-added taxes. Central to the plan is a provision that would tax imports at a rate of 20 percent while exempting exports from taxation. In theory, this would buttress domestic manufacturing, make U.S. products more competitive with foreign goods and encourage U.S. companies to bring home cash they have been parking overseas. “It is a simple and elegant way to get good tax compliance,” said Douglas Holtz-Eakin, a Republican economist and president of the right-leaning American Action Forum, a nonprofit tied to a “super PAC” that backs House Republicans. Some conservatives oppose it for the same reason: In their view, such a tax would be too easy to increase, with the potential costs to Americans hidden behind rising prices. Groups like Americans for Tax Reform — headed by Grover Norquist, perhaps Washington’s most famous anti-tax crusader — have praised the border tax proposal, saying it would put U.S. businesses “on a level playing field” with foreign competitors. Retailers that import many of their goods are lobbying against the idea, while domestic manufacturers like Boeing and Caterpillar — whose interests figure heavily in Trump’s economic thinking — are supporting it. The Koch network and groups like the Club for Growth, which for years have targeted what they call “crony capitalism” in Washington, have opposed the border tax as an unnecessary tax increase and a form of favoritism that would hurt the economy. But Trump and his team have pledged to target what they see as a more insidious kind of cronyism, including unfettered free trade that some Trump advisers say benefits wealthy elites at the expense of U.S. workers. The dispute echoes Trump’s battles with his party last year, when the Club for Growth, a group of wealthy conservatives that backs anti-tax candidates in Republican primary races, financed a multimillion-dollar advertising campaign against him. The Koch network, uncomfortable with Trump’s proposals on trade and immigration, sat out the presidential election entirely, turning its advertising dollars and activists to down-ballot races. Policy experts at think tanks financed by the Koch network have also weighed in against the border tax idea. Veronique de Rugy, a senior fellow at the Mercatus Center, where Charles Koch sits on the board, has clashed with Holtz-Eakin and other right-leaning policy experts, accusing them of misleading the public about the true effects of the border tax on economic growth. Americans for Prosperity is calling on Trump to rely more on spending cuts, rather than on a border adjustment tax, to finance the tax overhaul. 16883213 View next article in Nation & World     Get Central Oregon's top headlines delivered to your inbox every morning GO print version Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window Get daily headlines to your inbox GO Connect with The Bulletin Popular Comments Popular stories for Nation / World How warm and wet Mars lost its atmosphere, and why Earth didn’t 04/01/2017 Mars was once wetter and warmer, and very possibly a congenial environment ... more School nurses now stock heroin antidote 03/30/2017 At every school in New Rochelle, New York, just north of the ... more Options emerge to help seniors pay dental bills 03/31/2017 Alex Maddalena had gone five years without seeing a dentist.He knew that ... more Birth control for men not exciting Big Pharma 04/02/2017 Doctors are on the cusp of launching the first new male contraceptive ... more As Trump pulls back on climate, states step up 03/29/2017 Jim Brainard is a Republican mayor in a Republican city in a ... more Recent article comments» View more comments» Comments powered by Disqus The Bulletin Contact Us Staff Directory Advertise with Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Connect with The Bulletin Subscriptions New Subscription Vacation Hold Back Copies Share Because You Care Newspapers In Education Subscription Rates General Account Help Our Partners Baker City Herald La Grande Observer Northeast Oregon Classifieds Union Democrat Del Norte Triplicate Curry Coastal Pilot Central Oregon Nickel Bend Homes Northwest Web Press Quick Links Digital Newsstand Special Ad Sections Restaurant Guide Obituaries TV Listings Movie Listings ODOT Web Cams Oregon Lottery Parade Magazine Submit an Event Submit a worship service Submit a news tip Photos Submit Photos View Reader Photos View Bulletin Photos Purchase Photos Explore more of Central Oregon with a subscription to The Bulletin. Subscribe © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Email Contacts | 541-382-1811 Quick links Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Manage Account ODOT Web Cams Movie Listings Restaurant Guide Submit Photos Submit an Event © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Contact us | 541-382-1811
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Workers set up an exhibit of a Boeing Co. 787-9 aircraft at the China International Aviation & Aerospace Exhibition in Zhuhai, China, in 2016. (Qilai Shen/Bloomberg) As Trump girds for talks, U.S., China trade ties run deep Sat Apr 1st, 2017 9:42pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. Bloomberg If President Donald Trump gets confrontational with Chinese President Xi Jinping over trade at their Mar-a-Lago summit in Florida this week, the Chinese leader will have potential allies in some surprising places — namely, Olympia, Sacramento and Austin. The economic ties that bind China to the U.S. are primarily regional and run deep. Now, with a wild card in the White House, the Chinese want even more leverage should bilateral trade relations get hammered. China’s Ministry of Commerce said it’s working to expand various investment agreements with California, Texas, Iowa and other states, deals it estimates were worth $2.5 billion to U.S. and Chinese businesses in 2016 alone. “‘A good relationship between two nations is based on close connection between their peoples,’” said Sun Jiwen, a spokesman for the ministry, citing an old Chinese saying. “Province-state and intercity economic partnerships provide an important foundation for China-U.S. economic ties.” Regional ties While the outreach is a continuation of regional ties promoted for several years by Xi, it’s taken on added urgency as Trump’s economic team weighs whether to follow through on campaign-trail promises of tariffs of as much as 45 percent on Chinese goods. Part of the thinking is that making more American friends outside Washington could slow the push for protectionist measures, according to a person involved in the ministry’s campaign who asked not to be identified discussing its internal deliberations. If such cooperation flourishes, “it will not be easy for anyone to shake,” says He Weiwen, a former ministry official who’s now deputy director of the Beijing-based Center for China and Globalization. Attention has focused on the massive trade deficit in trade of goods with China — $347 billion in 2016, almost half of the U.S. total. But China, with its 1.37 billion people, is also among the top three export markets for 33 states. Texas oil and gas producers, Michigan automakers and Georgia paper mills would all suffer if China were to impose import restrictions in response to American tariffs. China has also ramped up its investments in the U.S. — by one estimate, they tripled last year to $45.6 billion — which helps create the jobs Trump has promised. U.S.-China trade ties aren’t solely between Zhongnanhai and the White House. They’re forged in places like Moraine, Ohio, where American workers are employed by Fuyao Glass, a Chinese-owned company that bought part of a shuttered General Motors plant in 2014. Many of China’s cross-border investments are welcomed locally and aren’t the kind of deals that draw scrutiny from the U.S. government, which reviews foreign purchases for national security concerns. In Lancaster, California, a desert town north of Los Angeles hit hard by the financial crisis, the Republican mayor, Rex Parris, in 2008 began courting the Chinese electric vehicle maker BYD Co., which is part-owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway. “Saved our city,” he says of BYD’s electric bus plant in Lancaster. BYD now employs almost 500 there and anticipates tripling that within three years. “I’m telling people, ‘You’re going to have to not want a job to not have one,’ ” says Parris, who expects the local unemployment rate to drop to 2 percent. China’s Ministry of Commerce began formalizing the provincial-state ties in 2012, when Xi visited the U.S. and talked with governors including Iowa’s Terry Branstad, an old friend from a 1980s cultural exchange, about boosting trade opportunities. State trade deals The states of Washington, California, Texas, Iowa, Michigan, New York and the city of Chicago have since signed agreements with the Ministry of Commerce, calling for regular trade visits, business matchmaking and other exchanges. The deals cover 25 Chinese provinces and cities, which sent 22 delegations to the U.S. in 2016 while the U.S. organized 14 trips to China, according to the ministry. Officials and executives from Shanghai made two visits last year to Chicago, which helped convince the popcorn maker Garrett Popcorn to choose the city for its first store in mainland China, according to a statement from Shanghai’s commerce commission. Trade office in L.A. In the manufacturing hub of Guangdong, officials plan a slate of cooperative activities this year, among them setting up a regional trade office in Los Angeles, hosting a biotech delegation from Massachusetts and sending representatives to an “Invest in America” summit sponsored by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Guangdong Commerce Department said. Bob Honts, the owner of Texas Lone Star Enterprises in Austin, Texas, accompanied Texas Gov. Rick Perry on a trade mission to China in 2014. Honts, whose company raises investment money under the EB-5 visa program, said Chinese immigrants have put $200 million into real estate, oil exploration and other ventures in the state. “To ignore the Chinese is like you’ve got this race car and you’re using three cylinders out of eight,” says Honts, a Republican. “You can’t do that. We need to work with China.” Trump hasn’t resolved tension in his administration between hardline advisers like Stephen Bannon, who has called for “economic nationalism,” and such moderate voices as Branstad, who’s now slated to become Trump’s ambassador to China. Few companies have more to lose from a trade war than Boeing, which makes most of its commercial jetliners in Washington state and has collected $60.2 billion from deliveries to China since 2000, according to data compiled by Bloomberg Intelligence. That far outweighs the $800 million to $1 billion that Boeing spends a year on aircraft parts made in the People’s Republic, joint ventures and other operations. They’ll buy Airbus At Boeing Field in Seattle, many of the 737s lined up for testing are for Chinese domestic carriers. But if would-be Chinese buyers get caught in the middle of a trade war, “they will simply buy Airbus,” says Gary Locke, a former governor of the state who was also ambassador to China under former President Barack Obama. The state’s director of commerce, Brian Bonlender, went to China in preparation for a visit from provincial officials that had been planned for June but now has been pushed back to September and a planned trade mission led by Washington Gov. Jay Inslee in August. Bonlender said his counterparts at the ministry in China have been more “engaged” and “helpful” since Trump’s election — and seem especially focused on finding Chinese businesses with advanced ideas for investment projects and bringing them to the state’s attention. “We’re very encouraged” by the increased outreach, Bonlender says, adding that it’s likely due in part to the “changing tenor of international engagement” under Trump.   Most Read Two women found dead in fire that destroyed Everett home EVERETT — Two women were found dead in a central Everett home… Apr 2nd, 2017 by Herald Staff Half-percent sales-tax increase to support transit starts today LYNNWOOD — The day has come. A sales-tax hike across south Snohomish… Apr 1st, 2017 by Eric Stevick Tulips to bloom a bit late for Skagit Valley festival Only Mother Nature knows when the tulip fields in Skagit Valley will… Apr 1st, 2017 by Gale Fiege Everett breaks record for amount of rainfall EVERETT — A climatologist says record-breaking rains aren’t so bad. The lettuce… Apr 1st, 2017 by Caitlin Tompkins Police renew investigation into ‘amazing’ young man’s killing LYNNWOOD — In the last months of his life, Henry Faison was… Apr 2nd, 2017 by Rikki King © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store April 3, 2017 3:03 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Contact Us Advertisement Conservative split over import tax imperils Trump’s overhaul effort April 1, 2017 11:21 PM By Nicholas Confessore and Alan Rappeport / The New York Times One conservative group produced colorful flow charts warning millennials that a “border adjustment” tax proposed by House Speaker Paul D. Ryan would raise prices on “the Jose Cuervo tequila that’s in your happy hour margarita.” Three days later, a second conservative group kicked off a lobbying campaign saying it would amount to a $1.2 trillion tax on seniors and the working poor. The next day, still another group weighed in, issuing a news release that highlighted how Latinos would be “among those hardest hit” by the new tax on imports. All three organizations share a common lineage: They are part of the political network overseen by Charles D. and David H. Koch, the billionaire conservative businessmen. Now they are among a host of conservative organizations mounting a furious campaign against a new tax on imports proposed by House Republicans, imperiling what is supposed to be a centerpiece of the Republican tax overhaul effort. Their opposition threatens yet another rupture with President Donald Trump, some of whose advisers see the provision as a critical way to bring about tax reform while protecting American manufacturers. The battle could not only jeopardize Mr. Trump’s second major legislative initiative, but also redefine the boundaries of conservative economic policy. Much like the failed repeal of the Affordable Care Act, the import tax is dividing conservatives, the business sector and some of the deepest-pocketed groups funding conservative politics. Along the way, it is exposing the broader ideological divide between nationalist policies embraced by Mr. Trump and the traditional small-government movement that his election ejected from the driver’s seat of Republican policy-making. “Trump ran on a different set of economic issues than traditional conservative Republicans have,” said Stephen Moore, a fellow at the Heritage Foundation who favors the border tax on intellectual grounds, but said he had come to see it as a “poison pill” for broader tax reform. “The baton has been passed on from Mr. Reagan to Mr. Trump,” Mr. Moore continued, “and there’s no doubt he ran on a much more populist economic message.” The idea of a border adjustment tax has percolated among academic economists and in think tanks since the 1970s, as the United States has considered ways of harmonizing its tax code with countries that use value-added taxes. Central to the plan is a provision that would tax imports at a rate of 20 percent while exempting exports from taxation. In theory, this would buttress domestic manufacturing, make American products more competitive with foreign goods and encourage American companies to bring home cash they have been parking overseas. “It is a simple and elegant way to get good tax compliance,” said Douglas Holtz-Eakin, a Republican economist and president of the right-leaning American Action Forum, a nonprofit tied to a “super PAC” that backs House Republicans. Some conservatives oppose it for the same reason: In their view, such a tax would be too easy to increase, with the potential costs to Americans hidden behind rising prices. Groups like Americans for Tax Reform — headed by Grover Norquist, perhaps Washington’s most famous anti-tax crusader — have praised the border tax proposal, saying it would put American businesses “on a level playing field” with foreign competitors. Retailers that import many of their goods are lobbying against the idea, while domestic manufacturers like Boeing and Caterpillar — whose interests figure heavily in Mr. Trump’s economic thinking — are supporting it. The Koch network and groups like the Club for Growth, which for years have targeted what they call “crony capitalism” in Washington, have opposed the border tax as an unnecessary tax increase and a form of favoritism that would hurt the economy. But Mr. Trump and his team have pledged to target what they see as a more insidious kind of cronyism, including unfettered free trade that some Trump advisers say benefits wealthy elites at the expense of American workers. The dispute echoes Mr. Trump’s battles with his party last year, when the Club for Growth, a group of wealthy conservatives that backs anti-tax candidates in Republican primary races, financed a multimillion-dollar advertising campaign against him. The Koch network, uncomfortable with Mr. Trump’s proposals on trade and immigration, sat out the presidential election entirely, turning its advertising dollars and activists to down-ballot races. Both the Club for Growth and the Koch network also played a critical role in killing a proposal backed by Mr. Ryan and Mr. Trump to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. In March, as the repeal vote approached, two Koch-aligned groups pledged to spend upward of $1 million on ads defending any Republican who voted against the replacement legislation. Now, some of the same groups are organizing visits to lawmakers and paying for an online advertising campaign attacking the border tax proposal. Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Exxon, DuPont Weigh on DJIA Friday By Paul Ausick March 31, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet March 31, 2017: Markets opened lower Friday following a report from the Commerce Department that personal consumption expenditures (PCE) inflation came in at 2.1% for February. The best performing sectors Friday included real estate and utilities stocks. Financials and energy sectors lagged. WTI crude oil for May delivery settled at $50.60 a barrel, up 0.5% on the day, but closed the month down 5.8%. June gold added 0.3% on the day to settle at $1,251.20 and closed down 0.2% for the month. Equities were headed for a mixed close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down 0.09% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.03%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.20%. The DJIA traded very near the break-even line just minutes before the closing bell. The closing tally could finish with either a small gain or a small loss for any or all of the indexes. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Friday was Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE: XOM) which traded down 1.74% at $82.24. The stock’s 52-week range is $80.31 to $95.55. Volume was about 20% above the daily average of around 12.8 million. The company had no specific news. E.I. du Pont de Nemours Inc. (NYSE: DD) traded down 1.16% at $80.69. The stock’s 52-week range is $61.12 to $82.37. Volume was less than 10% below the daily average of around 2.8 million shares. The company said this morning that it is extending the merger closing date for its deal with Dow Chemical and selling some of its crop protection assets to FMC. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) traded down 0.93% at $88.20. The stock’s 52-week range is $57.05 to $93.98. Volume was about 20% below the daily average of around 15.9 million shares. The company had no specific news Friday. The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) traded down 0.48% at $177.13. The stock’s 52-week range is $122.35 to $185.71. Volume was about 65 below the daily average of around 3.4 million shares. The company on Friday completed the first test flight of its 787-10, but orders are few for the $313 million aircraft. Of the Dow 30 stocks, 12 are on track to close higher Friday and 18 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Nearly 400 2017 Data Breaches Have Exposed More Than 7 Million Records Cenovus, Rite Aid Slide into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Comp... (NYSE:DD), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), ExxonMobil Corp (NYSE:XOM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America Most Educated City in Each State The Richest Town in Every State Youngest County in Every State The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Over 3,000 Tickets Available For NCAA Men’s Basketball Championship Tesla Delivers Over 25,000 Cars In First Quarter Insider Buying Steady as Q1 Closes: Sears, Ford, Continental Resources, Fifth Street Finance and More What You Must Know Before Subscribing to a VPN Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 3 Mortgage Facts That May Surprise You Don't Let These Mistakes Take a Bite Out of Your Retirement Savings OptionsHouse vs. TradeKing: Better Broker for an IRA? North Carolina to face Gonzaga in NCAA men's basketball championship Monday night Rare 1804 silver dollar fetches nearly $3.3M in record-breaking coin collection auction: AP Ford recalls 53,000 2017 F-250 trucks because they can roll even when parked: AP New Breakout Stocks Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) Can Raymond James Financial (RJF) Stock Continue to Grow Earnings? Top Ranked Income Stocks to Buy for March 31st Stocks start second quarter on firm note, U.S. policy in focus as Trump-Xi talks loom Apple sparks row with pledge to drop Imagination Tech graphics Tesla delivers quarterly record of 25,000 vehicles in first quarter Asian markets gain on Japan data, awaiting US-China meeting Senate Panel Expected to Approve Trump's Supreme Court Pick Oil Falls on Oversupply Worries Attorney For Bill O’Reilly Accuser Calls Fox News ‘The Bill Cosby Of Corporate America’ Billionaire Mark Cuban Says Trump's Too Clueless To Collude With Russia Ivanka Trump Keeping Stake In D.C. Hotel Despite White House Role, Filings Show Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Sign in Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search 26.6 C Lagos Monday, April 3, 2017 Sign in / Join SIGNUP TO BREAKING NEWS ALERTS LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password THISDAYLIVE Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Home Business Sanusi: How We Plan to Revamp Aero Contractors Sanusi: How We Plan to Revamp Aero Contractors April 3, 2017 0 443 INTERVIEW The new Chief Executive Officer of Nigeria’s oldest airline, Aero Contractors, Captain Ado Sanusi says his management has fashioned out a blueprint to turnaround the airline. He spoke to Chinedu Eze. Excerpts: The Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria (AMCON) in 2011 took over Aero, but from 2011 till now there is no sign of reviving Aero, now they have taken over Arik, people are very pessimistic, what is your take on it? I will not agree with you 100 per cent that there is no hope for Aero Contractors with AMCON taking over. Of course you knew very well that Aero Contractors was underperforming; had gone through distress, went through crisis and now we are into the crisis management and hopefully we should stabilise and then start the recovery process. This is a normal process a distress company will go through for a turn around. You see it underperforming, going through distress phase then it goes through crisis, then you do a crisis management, then you stabilise it and then you go into recovery phase. Now, if in the crisis management phase you do not get the right personnel to do it, it might delay the recovery process. I do not think you should blame AMCON for delaying the recovery process. AMCON position always is to save the industry to make sure it does not collapse. If the crisis management of that particular company that is in distress takes a bit longer or they make their wrong decisions at a particular point, that is something to discuss about. But in a process where a company is underperforming, has gone through distress, has gone through crisis phase and now it is in the crisis management, it is either you allow it to go to failure, which means it is liquidated and sold and it rests in peace. Or you manage the crisis, stabilize it and then you start your recovery. So if you are looking at companies, I believe that Aero Contractors is on its way to recovery. Of course the crisis management may have taken longer but the understanding is that for every company there is a unique way to recover from its problems that it encountered. What are your plans to rejuvenate the airline, working in tandem with AMCON? First, what you need to look at is that you are already managing a crisis, you have high personnel cost, you have high cost of operation; you have very limited capacity, that is two aircraft in the fixed wing and one aircraft in the rotor wing. So you have to look at the crisis that you are in and see how you can manage it. What we did was first of all study it for the first 21 days when we came in and we decided that definitely personnel cost must be reduced to reflect the number of aircraft that we have both rotor and fixed wing. The next step was to identify the business module of the company, which will bring revenue. So you have oil and gas, you have Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul (MRO) and then you have the mainstream airline. For oil and gas we have only one helicopter. We do not have so much even for the fixed wing, then for the MRO, it was dwindling revenue that it was providing. The mainstream airline only has two aircraft. So what we had to do is to consolidate everything, streamline the workforce in reality with what we have. Aero Contractors is making revenue but we cannot put all the revenue we are making into personnel cost. We have to make sure that the brand-Aero Contractors that is known for safety must be maintained at all times. So what we did was reduce the personnel cost and look at the revenue we have and plough it back into maintaining that safety standard of Aero Contactors. I am sure you have heard in the media that we have cut almost 60% of our workforce. We did that not because the revenue was not there, no, the revenue was there but to take the whole of that revenue, which is what the workers wanted or some of the workers wanted and plough all that revenue into personnel cost, forgetting the safety aspect and the critical items that we need to work on. So we took that difficult decision to reduce the personnel cost, and we managed to exit about 60 per cent of our workforce considering that there is the maintenance part, which must be well staffed. And then also going back to the core competence of Aero Contractors, which is oil and gas; we are paying attention to oil and gas to make sure that we serve the oil and gas community. We are also placing emphasis on the mainstream airline business. Now we have two aircraft, from one aircraft when I came and in the next two to three weeks we will have three aircraft. We intend to take the fleet to six. On the helicopter side we have one now, in the next two to three weeks we will have two helicopters flying and we intend to take the fleet to six before the end of the year. So that is the stabilisation mode that we are in, for the recovery, we intend to go into lease agreement with a lot of leasing companies to see how we can recover. Of course my mandate is to make sure that we move the company from where it is to a sellable point where people can invest; investors can come with their money and then recover it. And I believe that it is a very good venture for people to invest in because Aero has an amazing positive brand name. You know when Arik was taken over by AMCON; there was this allegation that you backstabbed the Chairman of the airline by quickly taking over this Aero job, despite the significant position you held in Arik? Well, there is nothing to defend. If anybody is very conversant with court rulings, court orders, appointment of receiver manager, and taking over of companies then there is very little to say about it. But if people are not conversant with those processes and procedures then of course there is room for allegation, finger pointing, accusation and all of that. But I think it is a very simple thing; everybody knows that it was by court order that the takeover of Arik was done. They came to the compound with a valid court order. I was not even in the compound at that time, they served it to the company lawyer, the lawyer read it and said it is valid. I came to the compound and I asked the company lawyer and he told me that this is a valid court order. And exactly what I said as the then Deputy Managing Director of Arik Air, was that we have been served with a court order and as responsible corporate citizens, we will abide with the court order. I also said Arik has the right to challenge this court order or to appeal the court order or to do anything in court because this is the rule of law and everybody is given a fair chance. So that is what I said and that was the role I played. Pertaining to the offer of Aero Contractors job, you see in life I believe there is time for everything, there was a time when I joined Arik and there will be a time when I will leave Arik. There was a time when I was brought into this world; there will be a time when I will leave the world. So there is a time for everything in life and when you realize there is a time for everything and you believe and put all your things in the hands of God then you will not have any problem. I was offered the job of Aero Contractors way before the takeover process. And I confided in my boss, the MD, I told him, I confided in my Chairman, I told him, I confided with my family, I told them and I also prayed about it because it is a decision I have to make, I was not born in Arik. I left somewhere to come to Arik, so I told everybody, of course it was a decision I had to make and after a long period of trying to make that decision, because the offer was made to me, I can remember, I think towards the beginning of the year but it was made to me, I did not hide it, I told the Chairman, I told my boss, I told everybody. And I took the offer before the takeover, and as I said, God has a destiny for everybody and we pray that we know the destiny and that we are not chasing shadow, that is my prayer for everybody. The present government talked about three key issues in the industry, which include airport concession, the establishment of a national carrier and attraction of maintenance facility, but so far, there is no sign that any of these would be achieved in the foreseeable future. What is your take on these promises?   Well, if you say that the government is not doing anything I do not think I will agree with you because it is not the true reflection of what is happening in the sector. I believe the government is doing a lot; there are so many things that are being done behind the scene. The rot in the aviation industry is not something that could be cleaned up in a couple of months or in 36 months. You know when you have a free fall, first you have to stop the free fall and then you can now start recovering before you start making progress. So I believe there are lots of things that are being done behind the scene and by the time we are going to start seeing the fruits of it you will see that a lot has been done. Bu the vision of the federal government is to first look at what caused this rot and then address them and I believe that is seen in the way they are involving a lot of stakeholders to find ways to move the industry forward. Of course, there will be disagreements, there will be complaints of the pace at which the progress is being made and that is normal in a democratic setting; people have to criticize and constructive criticisms are very healthy and they are good for good governance. So I believe that a lot is being done behind the scene and the government of the day has no other choice than to make it work and to do the right thing to ensure that the aviation industry is repositioned where it belongs. It is the catalyst for economic growth. I sincerely believe the federal government has put a lot of emphasis on moving the industry forward. It is believed that if we have airfield lightening in all the airports it will enable all the airlines to operate for more hours and enhance their profitability. Also if aviation fuel is available at good prices it will also help the airlines. What role do you think government should play to solve these problems? First and foremost, I have to say that the federal government through the Minister of State, Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika, has done considerably well to address the aviation fuel scarcity and also to address the prices of the product. Recently I have seen so many letters coming to my office for the oil marketers for downward review of the price for Jet A1, which means that the polices that they have put in place two to three months ago is now working.  And with the interaction I have been having with the fuel marketers, they are assuring that with the new policy that they have seen, the fuel scarcity will be a thing of the past especially as it concerns Jet A1. On the issue of the pricing, I think there is a lot to be done, I believe the infrastructure must be worked on and that is my appeal to the federal government to look at the infrastructure especially in Lagos. From Apapa to the airport, there should be a pipeline that would transport this fuel. Because the issue of seeing at times 200 to 300 tankers in our airports or close to our airport is an eyesore and I believe we should do something to stop that. It will also reduce the cost, it will ensure free flow of the product and it is going to also enhance safety. This infrastructure improvement should go all the way to all the other airports in the country; we should try and take comprehensive look at delivery of Jet A1 to most of the airports in the country. It is an integral part of aviation; you cannot have an airport without sustainable supply of Jet A1. So it has to be looked at holistically, but I believe that with what we are seeing now they will definitely address the situation. On the issue of airfield lighting, I have always said that we should not have at this point in history of our country whereby state governments would build airports and allow them to operate only daylight flights; they should be 24 hours. You cannot have an airport and you say it is only 6:00 am to 6:00 pm. Such daylight airports are supposed to be local government airports or private airstrips or very, very strong small aerodromes. But as far as a state that has an airport that serves the people, it should be a 24-hour airport or at least should have the capacity to do a 24-hour service. This is also in case of safety, in case you want to fly a patient out of the airport to a bigger hospital in another state, it also gives you that opportunity and that capacity to do it. So I believe all the airports should have airfield lighting, it is not something that is very expensive. It is something that we just need to put a policy in place and it can be implemented. We can use solar lighting for the airports that are hardly used, it is something that can be achieved if we deliberately put a policy together and ensure that it is being followed. The technology for the solar lighting for the airport is a proven technology and I think it can be implemented in most of these airports that are not high traffic airports. Do you think that these oil tankers at the airport will expose the airport to fire and insecurity? Of course, they are a danger to the public safety, they are also not the best to have close to the airport and they also constitute security hazard because in case somebody with bad intension wants to start something, he can go and do that and then cause a lot of havoc. The moment you have a concentration of over 300 fuel tankers carrying highly inflammable liquid, then there is safety concerns. So I think it is very important that the federal government looks at it as quickly as possible. This is something that can be done through private public partnership (PPP) and the pipeline can pay for itself, because now we are paying a lot of money to transport it and if we put 50 percent of that into making sure the pipe works, of course it will have a huge safety impact. Are you optimistic that there will be a turnaround of the industry? I believe there will be a turnaround of the industry; I believe we cannot go below this point in the history of our aviation industry; I believe if we go any further in this, then it is a total collapse of the industry.  So I think the turnaround is just by the corner, I think we are just managing the crisis now, I believe the stabilisation is coming in and the moment you do that you start the recovery process. And I believe there will be a lot of policies that will be rolled out in the near future to ensure sustainability of the aviation industry. The biggest problem that we have in the industry is to have a viable airline that is sustainable.  And I think Nigeria is capable of taking three major airlines that are viable. Among the three major airlines, I believe at least two could do regional and one can do regional and international and one can be domestic. I believe the market is there, I believe we can harmonise this industry in such a way that it can be sustainable. The era of failing airlines should be a thing of the past and I think we should look at doing things differently. Because the problems is, if we continue to do things the same way you are doing and you keep failing then there is something wrong. We must not allow status quo to continue, we must do something differently so that we can get a different result. But if we keep doing something and we keep getting the same result that means there is something wrong in what we are doing, so we have to do something differently to get a better result. You previously held the view that you do not support national carrier; do you still hold that view? It is not that I do not believe in national carrier, I have always said that the country is undergoing recession; the country is undergoing a lot of challenges in other sectors.  And I said my belief is that for the federal government to put money down to start an airline would not be a priority, and I still maintain that. I still maintain that there are so many sectors in the country that require more money than establishing an airline. Having said that, that does not mean the federal government should not look at the aviation sector in total and support it. It should support it because it is the key in the economic growth of the country. But if you ask me if the federal government has $50 million to put into an airline to start a national carrier and they can put that $50 million in healthcare, I think it is a noble area, they should put it in healthcare. This is because more citizens of the country will benefit more in the healthcare that they are going to put the money in rather than starting an airline with $50 million. You can only buy, probably if you are lucky two to three new aircraft, turbo props or you can even buy one Boeing aircraft. So the investment of that amount of money for a country that is undergoing a lot of challenges would not be a priority at least for now. You know from the beginning Ethiopian Airlines was enthusiastic of coming to play a role in Arik, but from the feelers we are getting from Ethiopia, it is like they want to come back to takeover? Well, I cannot talk for Ethiopian Airlines but I do not think that we have exhausted all possible avenues to put up a team together. Managing airline is not something that is rocket science, so I do not think we have exhausted all possible avenues in Nigeria to see that we put a team together. We need to put together an expert team that is very good in finance/risk management, corporate governance and commercial. I do not think that out of the over 180 million people that we have, we cannot come up with a very good team that can run a formidable airline. After all, we have people running banks successfully so why can’t we replicate what is happening in the banking industry in the aviation industry. People should understand and let us demystify this aviation industry.  Of course, everybody that sees an airplane flying will think that it is a mystery seeing this metal flying in the air. But believe me, it is the same principle of economics, accounting and human resource management that are applied in most of the banks and most of the successful companies that can be applied in an airline. The only thing that is a mystery behind the metal in the air is technology. So I do not think there is any mystery behind aviation management, it is the same economics, it is the same accountancy, human resources, corporate governance, it is the same disciplinary approach that is applied when you are managing a company. When will Aero’s maintenance facility begin to carry out checks up to C-level? This is something that can happen in the next six months. I am looking at, say; in the next six months I want the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) to give me approval to do C-check. I was pleasantly surprised when I joined Aero Contractors because of the capabilities of the Maintenance Repair Overhaul (MRO). Aero’s MRO is capable of doing up to C-check if given the chance. I believe they have the capacity, I believe they need a little bit of tooling and maybe a little bit of manpower to do it. But what I have seen in the capacity of the MRO of Aero, I am pleasantly surprised. And I did not know that an MRO capacity has been established this far in this country and the level of experience of the staff. So I believe not two years, in the next six months, that is my belief. I am in discussion with a lot of maintenance organisations that the NCAA has given them an approval to do C-check outside the country. So why can’t I bring that maintenance and do it myself here? We have the capacity, we just need a little bit more tooling and we need a little bit of expertise to bring that. Yes, we have the shortfall of having a hangar that can take a full Boeing B737 in and close the doors, yes we have that limitation. But there is a way around it, we can hire a hangar, we can also see whether they are movable hangars. We are talking to people to see whether they can come up with moveable hangars so that they can come and put a hangar for us temporarily while we are looking at C-check. But believe me, when we have another interview in the next three or six months I will let you know that we have the capacity of doing a C-check on a B737 aircraft right here in Nigeria.   Previous articleNPA MD Bags Award, Vows to Work Harder Next articleEquities Market Sheds 5.1% in First Quarter Online Editor RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Business NNPC Meets NARTO, Tanker Drivers Today over Strike Business Electricity Supply Drops to 3,800MW Business Benin City, 54 Other Towns Set for Glo Mega Shows 987,785FansLike 734,441FollowersFollow Latest News DSS Clears Saraki, Others over Alleged N310m Theft April 3, 2017 NADECO Never Betrayed Abiola, Say Afenifere, Osoba April 3, 2017 External Reserves Down by $67m as CBN Settles Matured Obligations April 3, 2017 Three Suicide Bombers Die in Failed Borno Attacks April 3, 2017 FG, Shell, Agip to Sign FID for $13.5bn Zabazaba Deepwater Project... April 3, 2017 THISDAY Today (Download) Download Sunday 2nd April 2017 April 3, 2017 0 Recent Comments Don Franco on Ndume: Borno Governor Leads Delegation to Plead with Saraki Harry on Tinubu: South-west Solidly behind Buhari Don Franco on Fiddling While Rome Burns joelaw on PDP Caucus Accuses Tinubu, EFCC of Conspiracy to Destroy Senate Don Franco on Fiddling While Rome Burns MOST COMMENTED Nigeria WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 440 Davidson Iriekpen President Muhammadu Buhari has appealed the ruling of Justice Adeniyi Ademola of the Federal High Court in Abuja who on May 26, 2016... Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 LATEST DSS Clears Saraki, Others over Alleged N310m Theft April 3, 2017 NADECO Never Betrayed Abiola, Say Afenifere, Osoba April 3, 2017 External Reserves Down by $67m as CBN Settles Matured Obligations April 3, 2017 Three Suicide Bombers Die in Failed Borno Attacks April 3, 2017 FG, Shell, Agip to Sign FID for $13.5bn Zabazaba Deepwater Project... April 3, 2017 MOST COMMENTED WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 440 Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 ABOUT USFounded on January 22, 1995, THISDAY is published by THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD., 35 Creek Road Apapa, Lagos, Nigeria with offices in 36 states of Nigeria , the Federal Capital Territory and around the world. It is Nigeria's most authoritative news media available on all platforms for the political, business, professional and diplomatic elite and broader middle classes while serving as the meeting point of new ideas, culture and technology for the aspirationals and millennials. The newspaper is a public trust dedicated to the pursuit of truth and reason covering a range of issues from breaking news to politics, business, the markets, the arts, sports and community to the crossroads of people and society. Contact us: hello@thisdaylive.com FOLLOW US About Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD.
White Papers Magazines  Subscribe Now !  Sign In Sign Out      Job Opportunities      Subscribe for 1 year - Get 2 months FREE!!     TRY IT NOW Home ::  Space ::  Library ::  News ::  2017 ::  April ::  SITREP Military WMD Intelligence Homeland Security Space Menu                          Introduction Systems Facilities Agencies Countries Hot Documents News Reports Policy Budget Congress Links Public Eye Space Further Reading Poland Moves Closer To Finalizing $7.6 Billion Deal For Patriot Missiles In-Depth Coverage RFE/RL April 01, 2017 Poland says it expects to complete a deal to buy Patriot missiles from U.S. firm Raytheon by the end of the year, as it looks to bolster its defenses in the face of an increasingly assertive Russia. Defense Minister Antoni Macierewicz on March 31 said the $7.6 billion deal will "allow us to guarantee the security of the Polish state." NATO member Warsaw is attempting to overhaul its armed forces by 2023 to counter what Macierewicz referred to as the "growing aggression and a growing threat from the East." Poland intensified its efforts following Russia's illegal annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region in 2014, its support of separatists in eastern Ukraine, and its military and political assertiveness in the region that was formerly part of the Soviet Union or within its sphere of influence. Poland's deputy defense minister, Bartosz Kownacki, said the missile system would help protect the country against Russian missiles stationed in Kaliningrad, a Russian region on Poland's northeastern border. Macierewicz told reporters the government and Raytheon had concluded "a very important stage" of discussions on the acquisition of the eight medium-range missile systems. During negotiations, Warsaw said an earlier price of $12.7 billion for the system was "unacceptable." It said it would pay no more than $7.6 billion. The contract still requires approval from the U.S. Congress as it involves advanced military technology. Bill Schmieder, Raytheon's head for Europe, cautioned that it was not yet a done deal. "It's premature to say that it is all done," he told reporters. "But we have very high hopes that the process will proceed normally." Also on March 31, Poland's Defense Ministry said it had signed a $524 million agreement with Boeing to supply three 737-800 airliners -- two new and one used -- for the use of senior Polish state officials. With reporting by Reuters and AP Source: http://www.rferl.org/a/poland-russia-nato- patriot-missiles/28404230.html Copyright (c) 2017. RFE/RL, Inc. Reprinted with the permission of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, 1201 Connecticut Ave., N.W. Washington DC 20036. NEWSLETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address   Advertise with Us | About Us | GlobalSecurity.org In the News | Internships | Site Map | Privacy Copyright © 2000-2017 GlobalSecurity.org All rights reserved. Site maintained by: John Pike
