Sign In Create Account Sign Out My Account Home The Magazine Current Issue Digital Edition CIAdvanced Digital Edition Subscribe Archives News Features Resources Advertiser Index Blogs Raw and Manufactured Materials Overview eNewsletters Classifieds & Services Marketplace Buyers' Connection List Rental Market Trends Material Properties Charts Custom Content & Marketing Services CI Top 12 Virtual Supplier Brochures Directories Data Book & Buyers Guide Ceramic Components Directory Materials Handbook Equipment Digest R&D Lab Equipment and Instrumentation Services Directory CI Home Home » LMI Aerospace Receives 2016 Boeing Excellence in Advocacy Award Ceramic Industry NewsAdvanced CeramicsCI Advanced NewsTopics LMI Aerospace Receives 2016 Boeing Excellence in Advocacy Award This is LMI’s second consecutive year to receive the award, which Boeing introduced in 2015. April 25, 2017 KEYWORDS awards / ceramics in aerospace / ceramics in defense / general business Reprints No Comments LMI Aerospace Inc. has received a Boeing Excellence in Advocacy Award for 2016. The Boeing Co. issues the award annually to recognize suppliers that have achieved superior performance in outreach activities to help government policymakers better understand aerospace issues and promote legislation that supports aerospace companies. This is LMI’s second consecutive year to receive the award, which Boeing introduced in 2015.  “The success of the aerospace industry is a collective endeavor,” said Dan Korte, LMI Aerospace CEO. “When LMI leaders share our company’s story with key stakeholders, we are helping to raise awareness and shape policy in ways that enhance the industry as a whole.” “Our supplier network is one of Boeing’s greatest competitive advantages when it comes to advocating for our shared interests,” said Kent Fisher, Boeing’s leader for enterprise supplier management. “Suppliers like LMI Aerospace represent a critical business voice to help decision makers understand the incredible impact that the aerospace industry has on their economies, employment and communities.” For more information, visit: www.lmiaerospace.com or www.boeing.com. Did you enjoy this article? Click here to subscribe to Ceramic Industry Magazine. Related Articles LMI Aerospace Announces Personnel Changes LMI Aerospace to be Acquired by Sonaca H.C. Starck Receives Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award Fives Receives Excellence in Composites Manufacturing Award Related Products Ceramic Components Directory Crystals in Glass: A Hidden Beauty Tiles & Styles—Jugendstil & Secession: Art Nouveau and Arts & Crafts Design in German and Central European Decorative Tiles, 1895-1935 Ceramic Thick Films for MEMS and Microdevices Related Events expoAIR: International Aerospace Supply Chain and Technology Materials Science & Technology 2017 IMTS 2016 - International Manufacturing Technology Show China International Automotive Manufacturing Expo Related Directories Advanced Ceramic Technology Saint-Gobain Ceramics Aerospace Industries Assn. Astro Met Advanced Ceramics Inc. You must login or register in order to post a comment. Report Abusive Comment Thank you for helping us to improve our forums. Is this comment offensive? Please tell us why. 
 Subscribe For Free! Print & Digital Edition Subscriptions eNewsletters Online Registration Customer Service More Videos Products Handbook of Advanced Ceramics Machining Ceramics, with their unique properties and diverse applications, hold the potential to revolutionize many industries, including automotive and semiconductors. See More Products Ceramic Industry Magazine 2017 April Ceramics in defense applications, continued Ceramics Expo 2017 coverage, and much more! View More Subscribe Resources Advertiser Index List Rental Custom Content & Marketing Services Manufacturing Group Partners Want More? Connect Privacy Policy Copyright ©2017. All Rights Reserved BNP Media. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing
Toggle navigation Toggle Universal Navigation News facebook twitter youtube login Home News Business Overseas Entertainment Life Sports Trending Weather Focus ANC TV PATROL DZMM Home  >  Business Made in China jet now just needs to sell Brenda Goh and Tim Hepher, Reuters Posted at Apr 25 2017 09:14 AM Share Save Facebook Twitter GPlus LinkedIn The first C919 passenger jet made by the Commercial Aircraft Corp of China (Comac) is pulled out during a news conference at the company's factory in Shanghai, November 2, 2015. Reuters/Stringer/File Photo SHANGHAI/PARIS - When China unveiled an historic order for its first large commercial jetliner at a national air show in 2010, Western journalists were kept away, and only local media were allowed to witness a major turning point in China's aviation ambitions. The COMAC C919 jet is expected to stage its maiden flight in the coming weeks, and foreign media and potential buyers will be invited in force - illustrating how Beijing is adjusting to competition for a slice of global jet sales worth $2 trillion over the next 20 years. But after three years of delays and almost a decade in development, China's answer to the Boeing 737 and its state-owned designers face a daunting phase: selling the jet abroad in a market dominated by Boeing and Airbus . "They will be trying to compete on price against people who are building aircraft at a much faster pace and with more experience, so there's a risk of getting bled dry," said Richard Aboulafia, aerospace analyst at Virginia-based Teal Group. Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) has some cards to play: its plane has Western engines and avionics coupled with a new design; it's rolling out a pilot training program, expanding international staff and has strong, behind-the-scenes backing from Beijing, industry executives say. And though still unproven, COMAC could be the single biggest threat over the coming decades to the dominance of Boeing and Airbus, both in China's own huge aviation market and, longer-term, overseas. The C919 is the first step to this. Beijing's backing for the single-aisle plane gives COMAC a springboard in the world's fastest-growing domestic market, even though the company acknowledges much bigger hurdles abroad. "You can't compare us to Boeing or Airbus, they're in a different strategic stage... We took half a century to solve the first strategic issue (of plane development), it will also take many years to solve the second (market) problem," said Jeff Cheng, a spokesman for COMAC. "After the first flight, we have to focus and research on how to improve the plane's and COMAC's market competitiveness." Eric Chen, president of Airbus Commercial Aircraft China, welcomed the competition from COMAC, and a China-based spokesman for Boeing congratulated the company on developing the C919. GLOBAL SUPPORT NETWORK The C919 has chalked up 570 firm orders and commitments from 23 customers, mainly Chinese state-backed airlines and leasing companies, but says it is not able to give a breakdown. In comparison, the latest version of the Boeing 737 had more than 3,000 firm orders before it flew last January. Those types of numbers from the two big global plane makers come after decades of trimming costs and honing marketing pitches. The two have global support networks able to respond whenever a jet breaks down just about anywhere, and the number of jets flying makes it easier for airlines to raise loans to buy them. While Chinese financiers have muscled into the global aviation arena, COMAC has a relatively low-key presence at international air shows and has said the C919 will initially be aimed at the domestic market. But there are signs it's adopting a more outward-facing approach. While operating manuals for COMAC's smaller ARJ21 regional jet, which took its first flight in 2007, were written in Mandarin, the C919's will be in English to support sales. COMAC's sales and support networks - it has at least 50 people in its sales and marketing departments, says Cheng - are, however, a fraction of those at Boeing and Airbus. Still, COMAC's home advantage is significant as Chinese airlines are likely to drive airplane demand over the next two decades, buying nearly 7,000 planes - mostly from Boeing and Airbus. "Their sales person is the government," said a Chinese airline executive, who didn't want to be named for risk of damaging business relationships. "As long as the government tells the state airlines to purchase planes, that will happen." Airline executives say the first flight is when COMAC can realistically start discussing deposits and firming up customers, even if the plane still faces years of testing. "We haven't placed a deposit; at the moment it's intentions," said Che Shanglun, chairman of Xiamen Airlines, a subsidiary of China Southern Airlines, which has committed to buying up to 50 of the 158-seat C919s. "We signed for 50, but we actually want to buy 30. We have to see if they're able to produce it... They (COMAC) are very enthusiastic, they meet us every month and send us updates." HOW SAFE IS IT? Executives at two Chinese airlines which have not placed orders for the aircraft said they wanted to see the C919's safety record, as well as the creation of a global support team. The safety certification of the new plane - which state media says will have a catalogue price tag of around $50 million, less than half that of a Boeing 737 or Airbus A320 - could be among the biggest issues for the C919 internationally. Having a plane certified to fly commercially is tough enough even for Western jetmakers as aircraft become more complex and supply chains expand. There is still uncertainty over approvals needed for the C919 to secure a foothold beyond China, with the United States and European Union having the most influence. Although the EU has agreed to recognize some of the checks carried out by China, it is expected to insist on some of its own tests before issuing a safety certificate and is trying to understand where discrepancies between the two systems lie. "We are just at the start of the process," said Patrick Ky, executive director of the European Aviation Safety Agency. The US Federal Aviation Administration did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Without Western approvals, China would only be able to sell to countries that accept its certification standards. Zimbabwe, Bolivia and Tajikistan have previously bought Chinese planes. Without Western certification, "sales of the aircraft in developed economies and many developing economies will be difficult to impossible," said Bradley Perrett, a veteran China watcher at Aviation Week. The C919's only real foreign buyer so far is leasing firm GE Capital Aviation Services, whose parent General Electric co-built the plane's engine with France's Safran. "Only once our plane enters the market and is tested can we see what gaps it has," Cheng said. Share Save Facebook Share on Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Read More:  China   Commercial Aircraft Corp of China   aviation   Boeing   Airbus   /business/04/23/17/world-bank-group-china-led-aiib-agree-to-deepen-cooperation /business/04/24/17/china-stocks-post-worst-day-this-year-as-regulators-tighten-grip /sports/04/24/17/mvp-of-my-heart-forever-china-fans-farewell-to-marbury /overseas/04/24/17/carrier-group-heads-for-korean-waters-china-calls-for-restraint LATEST NEWS MOST READ Warriors advance with rout of Trail Blazers April 25, 2017 Guns, bomb parts found in Abu-linked cop's Bukidnon home April 25, 2017 WATCH: Kim, Gerald play Categories game April 25, 2017 WATCH: Karla Estrada throws surprise party for son Daniel April 25, 2017 Mapua, UST scout future collegiate cagers in Palaro Pamabansa April 25, 2017 Gov't offers scholarships to ex-drug dependents, former OFWs April 25, 2017 Reyna ng high jump sa Palarong Pambansa, nais maging Miss Universe April 25, 2017 A bold move: FVR praises PH visit to Pag-asa Island April 25, 2017 Supt. Nobleza, 'nobyong' bomb expert nasa Crame na April 25, 2017 LOOK: Darren Espanto gets medals at moving up ceremony April 25, 2017 No report of Pinoy casualty in Chile quake: embassy April 25, 2017 Hawks level series with Wizards April 25, 2017 'Clash of Heroes' postponed to give way to UAAP Finals April 25, 2017 US immigration crackdown undermines fight to end human trafficking - expert April 25, 2017 4 trak nagkarambola sa Tondo; drayber sugatan April 25, 2017 Vicki Belo, Hayden Kho to tie knot in Paris Cop in alleged Sayyaf rescue try 'in love' with terrorist, says 'Bato' Mentor defends Pia Wurtzbach against Brunei-based Pinay 'Abu girlfriend', iba ang paalam sa Davao police Umibig, nadawit sa 'Abu' rescue, nakulong Bayan sa Lanao del Sur, nabawi na mula sa mga rebelde Mga buto ng tao, parte ng motorsiklo natagpuan sa bakanteng lote Sleeping with the Abu Sayyaf: Who is Supt. Cristina Nobleza? LOOK: Bela's ex-BF attends Angel's birthday party OFW stabs partner dead in Cebu Lamay ng 16-anyos na dalagita, puno ng disenyo na Hello Kitty Pag-aresto kay Duterte, hiniling sa Int’l Criminal Court LOOK: KC Concepcion shows off fit body LOOK: Claudia Barretto looks like a princess at prom Daniel, Kathryn named Box Office King and Queen next © 2017 ABS-CBN Corporation. All Rights Reserved. AboutCareersPrivacyTermsContact UsAdvertise With Us
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Ready for take-off? China's answer to Boeing now just needs to sell Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Ready for take-off? China's answer to Boeing now just needs to sell Advertisement Business Ready for take-off? China's answer to Boeing now just needs to sell When China unveiled an historic order for its first large commercial jetliner at a national air show in 2010, Western journalists were kept away, and only local media were allowed to witness a major turning point in China's aviation ambitions. 25 Apr 2017 08:15AM (Updated: 25 Apr 2017 08:30AM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail SHANGHAI/PARIS:When China unveiled an historic order for its first large commercial jetliner at a national air show in 2010, Western journalists were kept away, and only local media were allowed to witness a major turning point in China's aviation ambitions. The COMAC C919 jet is expected to stage its maiden flight in the coming weeks, and foreign media and potential buyers will be invited in force - illustrating how Beijing is adjusting to competition for a slice of global jet sales worth US$2 trillion over the next 20 years. But after three years of delays and almost a decade in development, China's answer to the Boeing 737 and its state-owned designers face a daunting phase: selling the jet abroad in a market dominated by Boeing and Airbus . "They will be trying to compete on price against people who are building aircraft at a much faster pace and with more experience, so there's a risk of getting bled dry," said Richard Aboulafia, aerospace analyst at Virginia-based Teal Group. Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) has some cards to play: its plane has Western engines and avionics coupled with a new design; it's rolling out a pilot training program, expanding international staff and has strong, behind-the-scenes backing from Beijing, industry executives say. And though still unproven, COMAC could be the single biggest threat over the coming decades to the dominance of Boeing and Airbus, both in China's own huge aviation market and, longer-term, overseas. The C919 is the first step to this. Advertisement Beijing's backing for the single-aisle plane gives COMAC a springboard in the world's fastest-growing domestic market, even though the company acknowledges much bigger hurdles abroad. "You can't compare us to Boeing or Airbus, they're in a different strategic stage... We took half a century to solve the first strategic issue (of plane development), it will also take many years to solve the second (market) problem," said Jeff Cheng, a spokesman for COMAC. "After the first flight, we have to focus and research on how to improve the plane's and COMAC's market competitiveness." Eric Chen, president of Airbus Commercial Aircraft China, welcomed the competition from COMAC, and a China-based spokesman for Boeing congratulated the company on developing the C919. GLOBAL SUPPORT NETWORK The C919 has chalked up 570 firm orders and commitments from 23 customers, mainly Chinese state-backed airlines and leasing companies, but says it is not able to give a breakdown. In comparison, the latest version of the Boeing 737 had more than 3,000 firm orders before it flew last January. Those types of numbers from the two big global planemakers come after decades of trimming costs and honing marketing pitches. The two have global support networks able to respond whenever a jet breaks down just about anywhere, and the number of jets flying makes it easier for airlines to raise loans to buy them. While Chinese financiers have muscled into the global aviation arena, COMAC has a relatively low-key presence at international air shows and has said the C919 will initially be aimed at the domestic market. But there are signs it's adopting a more outward-facing approach. While operating manuals for COMAC's smaller ARJ21 regional jet, which took its first flight in 2007, were written in Mandarin, the C919's will be in English to support sales. COMAC's sales and support networks - it has at least 50 people in its sales and marketing departments, says Cheng - are, however, a fraction of those at Boeing and Airbus. Still, COMAC's home advantage is significant as Chinese airlines are likely to drive airplane demand over the next two decades, buying nearly 7,000 planes - mostly from Boeing and Airbus. "Their sales person is the government," said a Chinese airline executive, who didn't want to be named for risk of damaging business relationships. "As long as the government tells the state airlines to purchase planes, that will happen." Airline executives say the first flight is when COMAC can realistically start discussing deposits and firming up customers, even if the plane still faces years of testing. "We haven't placed a deposit; at the moment it's intentions," said Che Shanglun, chairman of Xiamen Airlines, a subsidiary of China Southern Airlines , which has committed to buying up to 50 of the 158-seat C919s. "We signed for 50, but we actually want to buy 30. We have to see if they're able to produce it... They (COMAC) are very enthusiastic, they meet us every month and send us updates." HOW SAFE IS IT? Executives at two Chinese airlines which have not placed orders for the aircraft said they wanted to see the C919's safety record, as well as the creation of a global support team. The safety certification of the new plane - which state media says will have a catalog price tag of around US$50 million, less than half that of a Boeing 737 or Airbus A320 - could be among the biggest issues for the C919 internationally. Having a plane certified to fly commercially is tough enough even for Western jetmakers as aircraft become more complex and supply chains expand. There is still uncertainty over approvals needed for the C919 to secure a foothold beyond China, with the United States and European Union having the most influence. Although the EU has agreed to recognize some of the checks carried out by China, it is expected to insist on some of its own tests before issuing a safety certificate and is trying to understand where discrepancies between the two systems lie. "We are just at the start of the process," said Patrick Ky, executive director of the European Aviation Safety Agency. The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Without Western approvals, China would only be able to sell to countries that accept its certification standards. Zimbabwe, Bolivia and Tajikistan have previously bought Chinese planes. Without Western certification, "sales of the aircraft in developed economies and many developing economies will be difficult to impossible," said Bradley Perrett, a veteran China watcher at Aviation Week. The C919's only real foreign buyer so far is leasing firm GE Capital Aviation Services, whose parent General Electric co-built the plane's engine with France's Safran . "Only once our plane enters the market and is tested can we see what gaps it has," Cheng said. -For graphic on 'Comparison of passenger jets' click: http://tmsnrt.rs/1kwEmC4 (Reporting by Brenda Goh and Tim Hepher, with additional reporting by Alistair Smout in LONDON, Conor Humphries in DUBLIN and SHANGHAI Newsroom; Editing by Ian Geoghegan) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the daily digest to your inbox! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 29° Air Quality: PSI 58-72 We set you thinking Tuesday 25 April 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Hungarian ruling party lawmaker charged with graft: prosecutors 1493102737 World Roadside bomb kills at least 10 people in minibus, Pakistan official says 1493102698 Business Mitsubishi and Nissan full merger is not an option: chairman 1493102500 Business LVMH, Arnault to simplify Christian Dior business structure 1493101566 China&India Endangered crested ibis chick hatched in China after mother bird undergoes artificial insemination 1493102509 World North Korea marks military anniversary with firing drill 1493102508 Business Credit Suisse investors prepare to grill chairman Rohner over pay 1493101946 Singapore SLA takes legal possesion of 3 landed homes on Merpati Road 1493096100 Singapore Vandals hit UOB branch at Rochor 1493101906 World Reports of North Korea artillery drill as U.S. submarine docks in South 1493101013 World Kenya bus, tanker crash kills 24: police 1493099907 Sports FAS has no control over how NFL clubs run jackpot operations 1493064120 Business Looming risks subdue Asia stock investors after stellar quarter 1493092658 Business Asia stocks near two-year high, euro steady as French vote lifts mood 1493099571 World US submarine makes South Korea port call, North remains defiant 1493086260 China&India Resistance is futile: China’s conquest plan for robot industry 1493084460 Singapore Construction projects using new technologies to quadruple by 2020 1493064120 Business Toshiba to start taking bids in June for its Swiss unit Landis+Gyr: Kyodo 1493098178 Business Lippo unit buys S$15m Healthway convertible notes 1493064120 Singapore No-frills international schools a hit with budget-conscious expats 1493064120 Entertainment OneRepublic and Duran Duran among headliners to perform at 2017 Singapore Grand Prix 1493092260 Entertainment Rui En explains herself to elderly couple 1493027760 Commentary School mergers: More questions than answers 1493064120 Singapore NTU’s new sports hall is first SEA mega building built using innovative green tech 1493018460 Tech Hands on with the Samsung S8+ 1493089560 Daily Focus No longer a dream: Silicon Valley takes on the flying car 1493088960 World Turkish military says struck PKK targets in Iraq's Sinjar, northeastern Syria 1493097319 Business East Coast refiners eye Texas oil as North Dakota alternative 1493097197 Singapore Cheaper, cleaner electricity for households on the cards 1493064120 Business Not an inside job: How two analysts became SEC whistleblowers 1493096730 World Parties in France unite against Le Pen 1493095009 Singapore Teen who died in goalpost mishap dreamt of becoming pro footballer 1493043660 Business For Wells Fargo directors, narrow wins may not be enough 1493093984 World South Korea envoy says discussed ways to gain China, Russia help on North Korea 1493093258 World China says fewer graft suspects fleeing as controls stepped up 1493093394 China&India China’s cosmetic surgery boom doesn’t look pretty when it comes to profits 1493092560 World Thousands stage ANZAC Day memorials in Australia, New Zealand and Thailand 1493092484 Voices Praise for teachers at Crest Secondary School 1493091710 Sports FAS’ financial practices ‘are sound, but donation policy needed’ 1493038440 World Venezuela death toll rises as unrest enters fourth week 1493089896 Entertainment Pop singers, award-winning filmmakers contribute to opening of the Singapore Chinese Cultural Centre 1493006520 Business Ready for take-off? China's answer to Boeing now just needs to sell 1493076132 Sports Roberta Vinci disagrees with Maria Sharapova’s wildcard return to tennis 1493087511 Business Trump's push to fund wall may be delayed as government shutdown looms 1493085614 World Pilgrims to fly in style with Malaysia Airlines’ six Haj charter jets 1493085408 World Hollande urges French to reject Le Pen in presidential run-off vote 1493067568 World Chile rocked by 6.9-magnitude quake; no major damage reported 1493079560 China&India Converting coal would help China’s smog at climate’s expense 1493082060 World Aviation officer gives his version of United flight removal 1493081808 World Trump to sign orders on oil drilling, national monuments 1493081513 Business Ready for take-off? China's answer to Boeing now just needs to sell FILE PHOTO: The first C919 passenger jet made by the Commercial Aircraft Corp of China (Comac) is pulled out during a news conference at the company's factory in Shanghai. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 7:10 AM, April 25, 2017 Updated: 11:15 AM, April 25, 2017 SHANGHAI/PARIS - When China unveiled an historic order for its first large commercial jetliner at a national air show in 2010, Western journalists were kept away, and only local media were allowed to witness a major turning point in China's aviation ambitions. The COMAC C919 jet is expected to stage its maiden flight in the coming weeks, and foreign media and potential buyers will be invited in force - illustrating how Beijing is adjusting to competition for a slice of global jet sales worth $2 trillion over the next 20 years. But after three years of delays and almost a decade in development, China's answer to the Boeing 737 and its state-owned designers face a daunting phase: selling the jet abroad in a market dominated by Boeing <BA.N> and Airbus <AIR.PA>. "They will be trying to compete on price against people who are building aircraft at a much faster pace and with more experience, so there's a risk of getting bled dry," said Richard Aboulafia, aerospace analyst at Virginia-based Teal Group. Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) has some cards to play: its plane has Western engines and avionics coupled with a new design; it's rolling out a pilot training program, expanding international staff and has strong, behind-the-scenes backing from Beijing, industry executives say. And though still unproven, COMAC could be the single biggest threat over the coming decades to the dominance of Boeing and Airbus, both in China's own huge aviation market and, longer-term, overseas. The C919 is the first step to this. Beijing's backing for the single-aisle plane gives COMAC a springboard in the world's fastest-growing domestic market, even though the company acknowledges much bigger hurdles abroad. "You can't compare us to Boeing or Airbus, they're in a different strategic stage... We took half a century to solve the first strategic issue (of plane development), it will also take many years to solve the second (market) problem," said Jeff Cheng, a spokesman for COMAC. "After the first flight, we have to focus and research on how to improve the plane's and COMAC's market competitiveness." Eric Chen, president of Airbus Commercial Aircraft China, welcomed the competition from COMAC, and a China-based spokesman for Boeing congratulated the company on developing the C919. GLOBAL SUPPORT NETWORK The C919 has chalked up 570 firm orders and commitments from 23 customers, mainly Chinese state-backed airlines and leasing companies, but says it is not able to give a breakdown. In comparison, the latest version of the Boeing 737 had more than 3,000 firm orders before it flew last January. Those types of numbers from the two big global planemakers come after decades of trimming costs and honing marketing pitches. The two have global support networks able to respond whenever a jet breaks down just about anywhere, and the number of jets flying makes it easier for airlines to raise loans to buy them. While Chinese financiers have muscled into the global aviation arena, COMAC has a relatively low-key presence at international air shows and has said the C919 will initially be aimed at the domestic market. But there are signs it's adopting a more outward-facing approach. While operating manuals for COMAC's smaller ARJ21 regional jet, which took its first flight in 2007, were written in Mandarin, the C919's will be in English to support sales. COMAC's sales and support networks - it has at least 50 people in its sales and marketing departments, says Cheng - are, however, a fraction of those at Boeing and Airbus. Still, COMAC's home advantage is significant as Chinese airlines are likely to drive airplane demand over the next two decades, buying nearly 7,000 planes - mostly from Boeing and Airbus. "Their sales person is the government," said a Chinese airline executive, who didn't want to be named for risk of damaging business relationships. "As long as the government tells the state airlines to purchase planes, that will happen." Airline executives say the first flight is when COMAC can realistically start discussing deposits and firming up customers, even if the plane still faces years of testing. "We haven't placed a deposit; at the moment it's intentions," said Che Shanglun, chairman of Xiamen Airlines, a subsidiary of China Southern Airlines <600029.SS><1055.HK>, which has committed to buying up to 50 of the 158-seat C919s. "We signed for 50, but we actually want to buy 30. We have to see if they're able to produce it... They (COMAC) are very enthusiastic, they meet us every month and send us updates." HOW SAFE IS IT? Executives at two Chinese airlines which have not placed orders for the aircraft said they wanted to see the C919's safety record, as well as the creation of a global support team. The safety certification of the new plane - which state media says will have a catalog price tag of around $50 million, less than half that of a Boeing 737 or Airbus A320 - could be among the biggest issues for the C919 internationally. Having a plane certified to fly commercially is tough enough even for Western jetmakers as aircraft become more complex and supply chains expand. There is still uncertainty over approvals needed for the C919 to secure a foothold beyond China, with the United States and European Union having the most influence. Although the EU has agreed to recognize some of the checks carried out by China, it is expected to insist on some of its own tests before issuing a safety certificate and is trying to understand where discrepancies between the two systems lie. "We are just at the start of the process," said Patrick Ky, executive director of the European Aviation Safety Agency. The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Without Western approvals, China would only be able to sell to countries that accept its certification standards. Zimbabwe, Bolivia and Tajikistan have previously bought Chinese planes. Without Western certification, "sales of the aircraft in developed economies and many developing economies will be difficult to impossible," said Bradley Perrett, a veteran China watcher at Aviation Week. The C919's only real foreign buyer so far is leasing firm GE Capital Aviation Services, whose parent General Electric <GE.N> co-built the plane's engine with France's Safran <SAF.PA>. "Only once our plane enters the market and is tested can we see what gaps it has," Cheng said. -For graphic on 'Comparison of passenger jets' click: http://tmsnrt.rs/1kwEmC4 REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘Recession-proof’ student housing attracts Singapore investors Yahoo's first-quarter revenue jumps 22 percent World Bank's Kim says Trump likes lender's private capital plans World Bank Group, China-led AIIB agree to deepen cooperation White House's Cohn says 'fair trade' means reciprocal tariffs Western Digital would consider Japan partners for Toshiba chip unit bid Wells Fargo tests Facebook chatbot Wells Fargo has satisfactory 'living will' plan: Fed Wells Fargo expands settlement to include more customer accounts Wells Fargo board pays price for letting whistleblowers whistle in the wind Inside Today World Hungarian ruling party lawmaker charged with graft: prosecutors Roadside bomb kills at least 10 people in minibus, Pakistan official says North Korea marks military anniversary with firing drill Reports of North Korea artillery drill as U.S. submarine docks in South Kenya bus, tanker crash kills 24: police Business Mitsubishi and Nissan full merger is not an option: chairman Credit Suisse investors prepare to grill chairman Rohner over pay LVMH, Arnault to simplify Christian Dior business structure Asia stocks near two-year high, euro steady as French vote lifts mood Toshiba to start taking bids in June for its Swiss unit Landis+Gyr: Kyodo Sports Roberta Vinci disagrees with Maria Sharapova’s wildcard return to tennis FAS has no control over how NFL clubs run jackpot operations FAS’ financial practices ‘are sound, but donation policy needed’ Pacquaio: title fight against Jeff Horn will show I’m still a global force Sharapova’s ready for hostile reception when she returns from ban this week Entertainment OneRepublic and Duran Duran among headliners to perform at 2017 Singapore Grand Prix Weird clouds may have inspired The Scream, say scientists Rui En explains herself to elderly couple Pop singers, award-winning filmmakers contribute to opening of the Singapore Chinese Cultural Centre Musicians in aquariums make sounds in a silent world About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
25/04/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live Bulletin Weather All views World 24/04/2017 The American left's free speech reversal: View Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "If we really value free speech and the free exchange of ideas, we must tolerate diversity of thought above all." Business 24/04/2017 Macron and Le Pen's different economic strategies Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 24/04/2017 French voters boot out mainstream parties Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I failed to thwart a disaster which had been expected for some months now, perhaps even years" Benoit Hamon Defeated Socialist candidate World 22/04/2017 'Enough is enough', Sessions tells US sanctuary cities protecting migrants Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We have lawful systems of immigration and shouldn't that be enforced?" Jeff Sessions US Attorney General Business 21/04/2017 Eurozone economy powers ahead Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "It looks like the upturn has legs" Chris Williamson Chief business economist, IHS Markit World 21/04/2017 'Syria retained chemical weapons' - US Defense Secretary Mattis Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "It's a violation of the United Nations Security Council resolutions." James Mattis US Secretary of Defense Business 21/04/2017 Retail sales slump bodes ill for UK economy Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "It's a horrible set of retail sales numbers" Mike Ingram Market strategist, BGC partners World 21/04/2017 'They say we should be prepared to take in the whole world. I disagree' Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We've already got problems with unemployment, there aren't enough jobs. And on top of that, we're taking in more people! It doesn't make sense!" Alain Peulet Retired merchant navy officer more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > Ready for take-off? China's answer to Boeing now just needs to sell Aa Aa Now Reading: Ready for take-off? China's answer to Boeing now just needs to sell 24/04/2017 Ready for take-off? China's answer to Boeing now just needs to sell REUTERS 24/04/2017 By Brenda Goh and Tim Hepher SHANGHAI/PARIS (Reuters) – When China unveiled an historic order for its first large commercial jetliner at a national air show in 2010, Western journalists were kept away, and only local media were allowed to witness a major turning point in China’s aviation ambitions. The COMAC C919 jet is expected to stage its maiden flight in the coming weeks, and foreign media and potential buyers will be invited in force – illustrating how Beijing is adjusting to competition for a slice of global jet sales worth $2 trillion (£1.56 trillion) over the next 20 years. But after three years of delays and almost a decade in development, China’s answer to the Boeing 737 and its state-owned designers face a daunting phase: selling the jet abroad in a market dominated by Boeing <BA.N> and Airbus <AIR.PA>. “They will be trying to compete on price against people who are building aircraft at a much faster pace and with more experience, so there’s a risk of getting bled dry,” said Richard Aboulafia, aerospace analyst at Virginia-based Teal Group. Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) has some cards to play: its plane has Western engines and avionics coupled with a new design; it’s rolling out a pilot training programme, expanding international staff and has strong, behind-the-scenes backing from Beijing, industry executives say. And though still unproven, COMAC could be the single biggest threat over the coming decades to the dominance of Boeing and Airbus, both in China’s own huge aviation market and, longer-term, overseas. The C919 is the first step to this. Beijing’s backing for the single-aisle plane gives COMAC a springboard in the world’s fastest-growing domestic market, even though the company acknowledges much bigger hurdles abroad. “You can’t compare us to Boeing or Airbus, they’re in a different strategic stage… We took half a century to solve the first strategic issue (of plane development), it will also take many years to solve the second (market) problem,” said Jeff Cheng, a spokesman for COMAC. “After the first flight, we have to focus and research on how to improve the plane’s and COMAC’s market competitiveness.” Eric Chen, president of Airbus Commercial Aircraft China, welcomed the competition from COMAC, and a China-based spokesman for Boeing congratulated the company on developing the C919. GLOBAL SUPPORT NETWORK The C919 has chalked up 570 firm orders and commitments from 23 customers, mainly Chinese state-backed airlines and leasing companies, but says it is not able to give a breakdown. In comparison, the latest version of the Boeing 737 had more than 3,000 firm orders before it flew last January. Those types of numbers from the two big global planemakers come after decades of trimming costs and honing marketing pitches. The two have global support networks able to respond whenever a jet breaks down just about anywhere, and the number of jets flying makes it easier for airlines to raise loans to buy them. While Chinese financiers have muscled into the global aviation arena, COMAC has a relatively low-key presence at international air shows and has said the C919 will initially be aimed at the domestic market. But there are signs it’s adopting a more outward-facing approach. While operating manuals for COMAC’s smaller ARJ21 regional jet, which took its first flight in 2007, were written in Mandarin, the C919’s will be in English to support sales. COMAC’s sales and support networks – it has at least 50 people in its sales and marketing departments, says Cheng – are, however, a fraction of those at Boeing and Airbus. Still, COMAC’s home advantage is significant as Chinese airlines are likely to drive airplane demand over the next two decades, buying nearly 7,000 planes – mostly from Boeing and Airbus. “Their sales person is the government,” said a Chinese airline executive, who didn’t want to be named for risk of damaging business relationships. “As long as the government tells the state airlines to purchase planes, that will happen.” Airline executives say the first flight is when COMAC can realistically start discussing deposits and firming up customers, even if the plane still faces years of testing. “We haven’t placed a deposit; at the moment it’s intentions,” said Che Shanglun, chairman of Xiamen Airlines, a subsidiary of China Southern Airlines <600029.SS><1055.HK>, which has committed to buying up to 50 of the 158-seat C919s. “We signed for 50, but we actually want to buy 30. We have to see if they’re able to produce it… They (COMAC) are very enthusiastic, they meet us every month and send us updates.” HOW SAFE IS IT? Executives at two Chinese airlines which have not placed orders for the aircraft said they wanted to see the C919’s safety record, as well as the creation of a global support team. The safety certification of the new plane – which state media says will have a catalogue price tag of around $50 million, less than half that of a Boeing 737 or Airbus A320 – could be among the biggest issues for the C919 internationally. Having a plane certified to fly commercially is tough enough even for Western jetmakers as aircraft become more complex and supply chains expand. There is still uncertainty over approvals needed for the C919 to secure a foothold beyond China, with the United States and European Union having the most influence. Although the EU has agreed to recognise some of the checks carried out by China, it is expected to insist on some of its own tests before issuing a safety certificate and is trying to understand where discrepancies between the two systems lie. “We are just at the start of the process,” said Patrick Ky, executive director of the European Aviation Safety Agency. The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Without Western approvals, China would only be able to sell to countries that accept its certification standards. Zimbabwe, Bolivia and Tajikistan have previously bought Chinese planes. Without Western certification, “sales of the aircraft in developed economies and many developing economies will be difficult to impossible,” said Bradley Perrett, a veteran China watcher at Aviation Week. The C919’s only real foreign buyer so far is leasing firm GE Capital Aviation Services, whose parent General Electric <GE.N> co-built the plane’s engine with France’s Safran <SAF.PA>. “Only once our plane enters the market and is tested can we see what gaps it has,” Cheng said. Graphic – Passenger jets compared: http://tmsnrt.rs/2onKgHf (Reporting by Brenda Goh and Tim Hepher, with additional reporting by Alistair Smout in LONDON, Conor Humphries in DUBLIN and SHANGHAI Newsroom; Editing by Ian Geoghegan) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories France 25/04/2017 Defeated French Socialists and Republicans urge votes for Macron Venezuela 25/04/2017 Venezuela: at least three dead as anti-government protests continue Chile 25/04/2017 Powerful quake hits Chile, no deaths reported Most viewed View 24/04/2017 The American left's free speech reversal: View France 24/04/2017 Macron and Le Pen go head-to-head in the race for the French presidency world news 24/04/2017 Macron vows to fight on for Armenians world news 24/04/2017 French election: Macron to face off against Le Pen. What we know France 24/04/2017 Le Pen celebrates 'historic moment' in French election Editor's choice world news 23/04/2017 Macron on the march to centre of French politics world news 20/04/2017 Kremlin involvement in European crime networks revealed View 24/04/2017 The American left's free speech reversal: View Flashback: one year ago USA 25/04/2016 Trump rubbishes Republican rivals over "collusion" Turkey 25/04/2016 Dutch journalist held in Turkey over 'insulting' Erdogan tweets corporate 25/04/2016 British retailer BHS goes into administration, 11,000 jobs could be lost futuris 25/04/2016 Improving our understanding of our seas USA 25/04/2016 Holocaust survivor Martin Gray dies at 93 Editor's choice world news 23/04/2017 Macron on the march to centre of French politics world news 20/04/2017 Kremlin involvement in European crime networks revealed View 24/04/2017 The American left's free speech reversal: View world news 24/04/2017 What choices for European women seeking gender equality? world news 24/04/2017 How do the French presidential candidates' programmes measure up? economy 24/03/2017 France's fragile economy is Hollande's unwanted legacy world news 24/04/2017 Macron vows to fight on for Armenians the corner 24/04/2017 How to solve a problem like Real space 20/04/2017 Legends of Space, episode 4: The Space Shuttle Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Browse today's tags French presidential election 2017 Emmanuel Macron Marine Le Pen France French politics European Union USA Elections Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets & Services Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Ready for take-off? China's answer to Boeing now just needs to sell Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Mon Apr 24, 2017 | 11:09pm EDT Ready for take-off? China's answer to Boeing now just needs to sell left right FILE PHOTO: The first C919 passenger jet made by the Commercial Aircraft Corp of China (Comac) is pulled out during a news conference at the company's factory in Shanghai, November 2, 2015. REUTERS/Stringer/File Photo 1/5 left right FILE PHOTO: The first C919 passenger jet made by the Commercial Aircraft Corp of China (Comac) is pulled out during a news conference at the company's factory in Shanghai, November 2, 2015. REUTERS/Stringer/File Photo 2/5 left right FILE PHOTO: Models of the ARJ21 regional jet from Commercial Aircraft Corp of China (COMAC) are displayed at the Aviation Expo China 2015 in Beijing, China, September 16, 2015. REUTERS/Jason Lee/File Photo 3/5 left right FILE PHOTO: A model of the ARJ21 regional jet from Commercial Aircraft Corp of China (COMAC) is displayed at the Aviation Expo China 2015 in Beijing, China, September 16, 2015. REUTERS/Jason Lee/File Photo 4/5 left right FILE PHOTO: People take pictures and videos as the first C919 passenger jet made by the Commercial Aircraft Corp of China (Comac) is pulled out from behind a curtain during a news conference at the company's factory in Shanghai, November 2, 2015. REUTERS/China Daily/File Photo 5/5 By Brenda Goh and Tim Hepher | SHANGHAI/PARIS SHANGHAI/PARIS When China unveiled an historic order for its first large commercial jetliner at a national air show in 2010, Western journalists were kept away, and only local media were allowed to witness a major turning point in China's aviation ambitions. The COMAC C919 jet is expected to stage its maiden flight in the coming weeks, and foreign media and potential buyers will be invited in force - illustrating how Beijing is adjusting to competition for a slice of global jet sales worth $2 trillion over the next 20 years. But after three years of delays and almost a decade in development, China's answer to the Boeing 737 and its state-owned designers face a daunting phase: selling the jet abroad in a market dominated by Boeing (BA.N) and Airbus (AIR.PA). "They will be trying to compete on price against people who are building aircraft at a much faster pace and with more experience, so there's a risk of getting bled dry," said Richard Aboulafia, aerospace analyst at Virginia-based Teal Group. Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) has some cards to play: its plane has Western engines and avionics coupled with a new design; it's rolling out a pilot training program, expanding international staff and has strong, behind-the-scenes backing from Beijing, industry executives say. And though still unproven, COMAC could be the single biggest threat over the coming decades to the dominance of Boeing and Airbus, both in China's own huge aviation market and, longer-term, overseas. The C919 is the first step to this. Beijing's backing for the single-aisle plane gives COMAC a springboard in the world's fastest-growing domestic market, even though the company acknowledges much bigger hurdles abroad. "You can't compare us to Boeing or Airbus, they're in a different strategic stage... We took half a century to solve the first strategic issue (of plane development), it will also take many years to solve the second (market) problem," said Jeff Cheng, a spokesman for COMAC. "After the first flight, we have to focus and research on how to improve the plane's and COMAC's market competitiveness." Eric Chen, president of Airbus Commercial Aircraft China, welcomed the competition from COMAC, and a China-based spokesman for Boeing congratulated the company on developing the C919. GLOBAL SUPPORT NETWORK The C919 has chalked up 570 firm orders and commitments from 23 customers, mainly Chinese state-backed airlines and leasing companies, but says it is not able to give a breakdown. In comparison, the latest version of the Boeing 737 had more than 3,000 firm orders before it flew last January. Those types of numbers from the two big global planemakers come after decades of trimming costs and honing marketing pitches. The two have global support networks able to respond whenever a jet breaks down just about anywhere, and the number of jets flying makes it easier for airlines to raise loans to buy them. While Chinese financiers have muscled into the global aviation arena, COMAC has a relatively low-key presence at international air shows and has said the C919 will initially be aimed at the domestic market. But there are signs it's adopting a more outward-facing approach. While operating manuals for COMAC's smaller ARJ21 regional jet, which took its first flight in 2007, were written in Mandarin, the C919's will be in English to support sales. COMAC's sales and support networks - it has at least 50 people in its sales and marketing departments, says Cheng - are, however, a fraction of those at Boeing and Airbus. Still, COMAC's home advantage is significant as Chinese airlines are likely to drive airplane demand over the next two decades, buying nearly 7,000 planes - mostly from Boeing and Airbus. "Their sales person is the government," said a Chinese airline executive, who didn't want to be named for risk of damaging business relationships. "As long as the government tells the state airlines to purchase planes, that will happen." Airline executives say the first flight is when COMAC can realistically start discussing deposits and firming up customers, even if the plane still faces years of testing. "We haven't placed a deposit; at the moment it's intentions," said Che Shanglun, chairman of Xiamen Airlines, a subsidiary of China Southern Airlines (600029.SS)(1055.HK), which has committed to buying up to 50 of the 158-seat C919s. "We signed for 50, but we actually want to buy 30. We have to see if they're able to produce it... They (COMAC) are very enthusiastic, they meet us every month and send us updates." HOW SAFE IS IT? Executives at two Chinese airlines which have not placed orders for the aircraft said they wanted to see the C919's safety record, as well as the creation of a global support team. The safety certification of the new plane - which state media says will have a catalog price tag of around $50 million, less than half that of a Boeing 737 or Airbus A320 - could be among the biggest issues for the C919 internationally. Having a plane certified to fly commercially is tough enough even for Western jetmakers as aircraft become more complex and supply chains expand. There is still uncertainty over approvals needed for the C919 to secure a foothold beyond China, with the United States and European Union having the most influence. Although the EU has agreed to recognize some of the checks carried out by China, it is expected to insist on some of its own tests before issuing a safety certificate and is trying to understand where discrepancies between the two systems lie. "We are just at the start of the process," said Patrick Ky, executive director of the European Aviation Safety Agency. The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Without Western approvals, China would only be able to sell to countries that accept its certification standards. Zimbabwe, Bolivia and Tajikistan have previously bought Chinese planes. Without Western certification, "sales of the aircraft in developed economies and many developing economies will be difficult to impossible," said Bradley Perrett, a veteran China watcher at Aviation Week. The C919's only real foreign buyer so far is leasing firm GE Capital Aviation Services, whose parent General Electric (GE.N) co-built the plane's engine with France's Safran (SAF.PA). "Only once our plane enters the market and is tested can we see what gaps it has," Cheng said. -For graphic on 'Comparison of passenger jets' click: tmsnrt.rs/1kwEmC4 (Reporting by Brenda Goh and Tim Hepher, with additional reporting by Alistair Smout in LONDON, Conor Humphries in DUBLIN and SHANGHAI Newsroom; Editing by Ian Geoghegan) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Aerospace & Defense Japanese demand for nuclear shelters, purifiers surges as North Korea tension mounts TOKYO Sales of nuclear shelters and radiation-blocking air purifiers have surged in Japan in recent weeks as North Korea has pressed ahead with missile tests in defiance of U.N. sanctions. Dubai Aerospace to buy aircraft lessor AWAS, catapults to top tier Government-controlled Dubai Aerospace Enterprise Ltd (DAE) is acquiring Dublin-based AWAS, the world's tenth biggest aircraft lessor, in a deal that will add over 200 planes to its fleet and more than double the size of its current business. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Ready for take-off? China's answer to Boeing now just needs to sell By Reuters Published: 19:04 EDT, 24 April 2017 | Updated: 19:04 EDT, 24 April 2017 e-mail By Brenda Goh and Tim Hepher SHANGHAI/PARIS, April 25 (Reuters) - When China unveiled an historic order for its first large commercial jetliner at a national air show in 2010, Western journalists were kept away, and only local media were allowed to witness a major turning point in China's aviation ambitions. The COMAC C919 jet is expected to stage its maiden flight in the coming weeks, and foreign media and potential buyers will be invited in force - illustrating how Beijing is adjusting to competition for a slice of global jet sales worth $2 trillion over the next 20 years. But after three years of delays and almost a decade in development, China's answer to the Boeing 737 and its state-owned designers face a daunting phase: selling the jet abroad in a market dominated by Boeing and Airbus . "They will be trying to compete on price against people who are building aircraft at a much faster pace and with more experience, so there's a risk of getting bled dry," said Richard Aboulafia, aerospace analyst at Virginia-based Teal Group. Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) has some cards to play: its plane has Western engines and avionics coupled with a new design; it's rolling out a pilot training programme, expanding international staff and has strong, behind-the-scenes backing from Beijing, industry executives say. And though still unproven, COMAC could be the single biggest threat over the coming decades to the dominance of Boeing and Airbus, both in China's own huge aviation market and, longer-term, overseas. The C919 is the first step to this. Beijing's backing for the single-aisle plane gives COMAC a springboard in the world's fastest-growing domestic market, even though the company acknowledges much bigger hurdles abroad. "You can't compare us to Boeing or Airbus, they're in a different strategic stage... We took half a century to solve the first strategic issue (of plane development), it will also take many years to solve the second (market) problem," said Jeff Cheng, a spokesman for COMAC. "After the first flight, we have to focus and research on how to improve the plane's and COMAC's market competitiveness." Eric Chen, president of Airbus Commercial Aircraft China, welcomed the competition from COMAC, and a China-based spokesman for Boeing congratulated the company on developing the C919. GLOBAL SUPPORT NETWORK The C919 has chalked up 570 firm orders and commitments from 23 customers, mainly Chinese state-backed airlines and leasing companies, but says it is not able to give a breakdown. In comparison, the latest version of the Boeing 737 had more than 3,000 firm orders before it flew last January. Those types of numbers from the two big global planemakers come after decades of trimming costs and honing marketing pitches. The two have global support networks able to respond whenever a jet breaks down just about anywhere, and the number of jets flying makes it easier for airlines to raise loans to buy them. While Chinese financiers have muscled into the global aviation arena, COMAC has a relatively low-key presence at international air shows and has said the C919 will initially be aimed at the domestic market. But there are signs it's adopting a more outward-facing approach. While operating manuals for COMAC's smaller ARJ21 regional jet, which took its first flight in 2007, were written in Mandarin, the C919's will be in English to support sales. COMAC's sales and support networks - it has at least 50 people in its sales and marketing departments, says Cheng - are, however, a fraction of those at Boeing and Airbus. Still, COMAC's home advantage is significant as Chinese airlines are likely to drive airplane demand over the next two decades, buying nearly 7,000 planes - mostly from Boeing and Airbus. "Their sales person is the government," said a Chinese airline executive, who didn't want to be named for risk of damaging business relationships. "As long as the government tells the state airlines to purchase planes, that will happen." Airline executives say the first flight is when COMAC can realistically start discussing deposits and firming up customers, even if the plane still faces years of testing. "We haven't placed a deposit; at the moment it's intentions," said Che Shanglun, chairman of Xiamen Airlines, a subsidiary of China Southern Airlines, which has committed to buying up to 50 of the 158-seat C919s. "We signed for 50, but we actually want to buy 30. We have to see if they're able to produce it... They (COMAC) are very enthusiastic, they meet us every month and send us updates." HOW SAFE IS IT? Executives at two Chinese airlines which have not placed orders for the aircraft said they wanted to see the C919's safety record, as well as the creation of a global support team. The safety certification of the new plane - which state media says will have a catalogue price tag of around $50 million, less than half that of a Boeing 737 or Airbus A320 - could be among the biggest issues for the C919 internationally. Having a plane certified to fly commercially is tough enough even for Western jetmakers as aircraft become more complex and supply chains expand. There is still uncertainty over approvals needed for the C919 to secure a foothold beyond China, with the United States and European Union having the most influence. Although the EU has agreed to recognise some of the checks carried out by China, it is expected to insist on some of its own tests before issuing a safety certificate and is trying to understand where discrepancies between the two systems lie. "We are just at the start of the process," said Patrick Ky, executive director of the European Aviation Safety Agency. The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Without Western approvals, China would only be able to sell to countries that accept its certification standards. Zimbabwe, Bolivia and Tajikistan have previously bought Chinese planes. Without Western certification, "sales of the aircraft in developed economies and many developing economies will be difficult to impossible," said Bradley Perrett, a veteran China watcher at Aviation Week. The C919's only real foreign buyer so far is leasing firm GE Capital Aviation Services, whose parent General Electric co-built the plane's engine with France's Safran. "Only once our plane enters the market and is tested can we see what gaps it has," Cheng said. (Reporting by Brenda Goh and Tim Hepher, with additional reporting by Alistair Smout in LONDON, Conor Humphries in DUBLIN and SHANGHAI Newsroom; Editing by Ian Geoghegan) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS No bikini top, no problem! Kim Kardashian flaunts her hourglass figure in high-cut swimwear with crop top while Kourtney wears cheeky thong  Oops she did it again! Bella Thorne flashes her pierced nipple in sheer top for another steamy selfie Penchant for leaving little to the imagination Still heavenly! Former Victoria's Secret Angel Doutzen Kroes shines bright in neon on beach shoot... and brings her family along Inside her desert oasis! Lady Gaga enjoys freebie stay at $12 million mansion while headlining Coachella Mediterranean mansion courtesy of Airbnb Her highness has arrived! Rihanna touches down in LA after defiantly sharing another image of the Queen superimposed onto her body Kim Kardashian says friends are 'fat shaming' her as she gives play-by-play of raunchy girls' trip to Mexico The 36-year-old mother-of-two took on Twitter Scott Disick takes mystery woman for a ride in Mercedes... as his babymama flaunts her bikini body The star picked up the Khloé lookalike The perks of plastic surgery! Kourtney Kardashian, 38, proudly parades her enhanced chest in tiny bikini on break away from her three kids Taking care of business... Kylie Jenner shares racy videos of herself stripping down to her underwear and trying out her new lipstick on Snapchat Tom Hardy grabs 'moped thief' after chasing him through gardens and building site then proudly announcing 'I caught the c***!'  'You're an incredibly arrogant man!' Julius and Harry lock horns over Ella while Ollie offers pregnancy tips to Binky and JP in Made In Chelsea Radiant! Anne Hathaway shows off her natural beauty in white broderie anglaise dress  at book launch Oscar-winning actress kept her make-up light  How Coachella A-listers party! Headliners Kendrick Lamar and Lady Gaga shack up in MULTI-MILLION DOLLAR Airbnbs...and all for free Elton John, 70, cancels Las Vegas shows after intensive care battle with 'potentially deadly' bacterial infection Made him 'violently ill' on a flight  Katie Holmes pairs white lace pants with navy cardigan for Chanel dinner during Tribeca 38-year-old actress She won't crack! Defiant Lucy Mecklenburgh shakes her perky bottom in TINY denim hot-pants... after hitting back at 'skinny-shaming' trolls . 'That was deeply disturbing': Emmerdale viewers horrified as Pierce rapes Rhona on their wedding day... but others praise the soap  . Halle Berry and Channing Tatum get ready for action in FIRST TRAILER for Kingsman: The Golden Circle The film is a sequel to the 2015 comedy Ouch! Elle Fanning has bandage wrapped around head as she shares a giggle with Peter Dinklage on set of I Think We're Alone Now Brad Pitt looks gaunt in a grey bomber jacket before riding off on BMW motorcycle in LA Brad Pitt was spotted looking rather lean New romance? Hailey Baldwin is a biker beauty in a leather jacket and combat boots as she joins Cameron Dallas for lunch at Urth Caffe PICTURED: Unairbrushed Kim Kardashian busts out of her skimpy bikini in candid snaps from beach break with the girls  Is she being grumpy or bashful? Khloe Kardashian hides her famous features behind red handbag as she goes to cosmetic surgery centre Leggy look! Joanna Krupa puts on stunning display in tiny blue romper as she lunches in Los Angeles The Miami-based blonde model  Beyonce and Jay Z put in $120m bid for new 30,000sqft Bel Air mansion with a 15-car garage, servants' quarters and bulletproof windows Seeing red! Bella Hadid dons vibrant hat as she goes hell for leather with edgy trousers and Chanel bag in NYC Petra Nemcova gets leggy in sparkly high-low gown for Tumi event at Tribeca Film Festival The 37-year-old philanthropist  'You were biased!' Stephanie Davis accuses fellow mum Holly Willoughby of 'not sticking up for her' in awkward This Morning chat . Her own best advert! Eva Longoria wears her own fashion line as she arrives back in Los Angeles...after dispelling pregnancy rumours Girl next door! Kendall Jenner ditches the glamour as she rocks simple T-shirt and cropped pants for studio visit in LA 'You are just pure class': Shania Twain gushes over singer Vanessa Ferguson as Top 12 perform live on The Voice US Eye-catching! Chloe Sevigny turns heads in lime green patterned dress at The Dinner premiere in NYC Cinched at the waist with a black belt  Final countdown for Carol Vorderman as she knocks £100,000 off the asking price of her £2.6m Somerset home as it fails to sell  Sheer delight! Viola Davis beams while catching departing flight in transparent top at Los Angeles airport The 51-year-old actress was a sheer delight  Coco Austin puts bountiful cleavage on display in clinging dress as she cuddles Ice-T at I Am Evidence premiere Managed to steal plenty of the spotlight  'I'm OK': Heather Morris receives perfect scores but still gets eliminated from ABC's Dancing With The Stars The 30-year-old actress wowed with routine Gretchen Mol looks pretty in peplum pencil dress for Soho Rep Spring Gala The two-time SAG Award winner  'The queen!' Allison Williams can't contain her excitement as she raves about meeting 'pitch perfect' idol Celine Dion Katie Holmes keeps it casual in long coat and baggy jeans while out in New York... days after celebrating daughter Suri's birthday in Miami Madonna biopic Blond Ambition, focusing on her years of struggle in the 1980s, picked up by Universal Pop icon's rise to fame three decades ago  Pasta la vista! Ryan Gosling grabs breakfast at his favorite Italian restaurant Little Dom's in Los Angeles The Oscar-nominated actor went casual Christina and Tarek El Moussa BOTH sign on for Flip Or Flop season 8... as divorcing exes make joint appearance in Las Vegas Jennifer Lopez reveals she made the first move after spotting Alex Rodriguez at lunch... but insists she didn't sleep with him on first date Sofia Richie looks sporty in designer athletic apparel as she steps out with mystery male friend She wore revealing outfits for her wild trip 'Tramp!' Kim Kardashian bursts into Scott Disick's hotel room to confront him during Dubai trip in tense clip from KUWTK Gorgeous Nicky Hilton Rothschild stuns in polka dot jumpsuit for a charity gala in New York City with husband James Rothschild Sheer madness! Emma Roberts dazzles in see-through dress as she steps out at the 39th Annual American Image Awards Busting out in NYC! Emily Ratajkowski flashes cleavage and toned tummy for photo shoot on streets of Big Apple Feed me Seymour! Ageless Jane, 66, looks lovely in floral dress as she shows off hungry son Johnny Keach at charity dinner in Nashville 'The old me is dead!' Slim Lisa Riley 'couldn't stop' looking at her naked body after skin removal op... but admits she suffered horrific infection Faye Dunaway admits she feels 'very guilty' as she speaks out for the first time about her Oscar best picture disaster with Warren Beatty What a view! Ashley Graham poses up a storm while modelling her own sexy underwear against Montreal skyline All smiles! America Ferrera wears pretty floral-themed sleeveless frock as she is feted at NAB in Las Vegas Showed off  toned figure Busty bombshell! Kara Del Toro flashes side boob in plunging white dress at Genius screening in Los Angeles What Lady Gaga really looks like: Make-up free diva arrives on set of A Star Is Born after Coachella  The singer rolled up with no make-up  Speculation brews over Russell Crowe and Terri Irwin romance after magazine claims the actor is renovating his Nana Glen property ready ahead of move EXCLUSIVE: 'It was a hard decision for them to make': The Saturdays star Vanessa White splits from boyfriend Gary Salter after six years MIC's Stephanie Pratt admits she 'had no idea' her brother Spencer was expecting a baby with wife Heidi... and reveals ex Joey Essex 'hates her' EXCLUSIVE: 'It's becoming a horrible circle of hate': Lucy Mecklenburgh vows to promote body positivity as she blasts trolls after being 'skinny-shamed'  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Cara Delevingne undergoes shocking transformation as she shaves her head to play a dying woman for dramatic new role in Life In A Year  Defiant Tamara Ecclestone divides her followers as she posts ANOTHER photo of herself breastfeeding daughter Sophia, 3 Like mother, like daughter! Coco Austin and 16-month-old Chanel don cute matching yoga outfits in sweet Instagram snap Stephen Belafonte is GRANTED heavily monitored visitation rights with daughter Madison... after Mel B claimed he 'is a danger to kids because of his links to PORN industry' Mimi showed diamonds were still a girl's best friend. Jamie Laing's conduct suggested 'inappropriate fondling' was more likely on MIC  Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in plunging playsuit as she joins stunningly chic Roxie Nafousi for VIP make-up event Shrimp extract, kelp and £400 face creams: The expensive lotions and potions inside Catherine Zeta-Jones' bathroom cabinet 'I want to know that the orgasms are real': Rashida Jones details her PORN preferences, as she admits she has become 'pickier' about what she watches 'Everything has its end': 'Pregnant' Missé Beqiri attempts to cover her 'bump' in tiny bikini... as she CONFIRMS exit from The Real Housewives of Cheshire PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana a doting dad as he takes their baby son Eissa for a stroll in London Strength in stilettos: Crown Princess Mary looks chic in separates as she gets involved at a science and research festival in Copenhagen She's got a flare for fashion! Chloe Lewis is effortlessly cool in retro bell bottoms as she cosies up to new man Danny Flasher at Urban Decay bash Downcast La La Anthony covers up in pink hoodie as she steps out without wedding ring following split from NY Knicks player Carmelo Distracted Mel B skips Stephen Belafonte's visitation hearing... as she claims ex 'is a danger to their kids because of his criminal connections and links to PORN industry'  Casual cool! Nicky Hilton is relaxed in a sweater and jeans while taking a break from mommy duty She has had her hands full  'I spy a ring!': Stacey Solomon sends fans into a frenzy as she sports huge diamond on her fourth finger... sparking rumours she is engaged to Joe Swash Aaron Paul teams up with Emily Ratajkowski to play couple in Italian-set thriller Welcome Home The Emmy winner says he's a big 'fan' of the amply-charmed star Strength in stilettos: Crown Princess Mary looks chic in separates as she gets involved at a science and research festival in Copenhagen Pawfect day out! Winnie Harlow looks trendy in satin bomber jacket and skinny jeans as she stops by the puppy store to dote on adorable dogs In sync! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez match in black while hand-in-hand on second outing of the day in New York Leo has some competition! Nina Agdal reveals her bra in sheer top for night out with the new Dos Equis' Most Interesting Man Back to work! Amanda Seyfried returns to acting in Los Angeles after giving birth last month to baby girl The 31-year-old actress went back to work on Monday Simple elegance! Penelope Cruz layers a suede coat over a T-shirt and jeans as she presents research grant to childhood leukemia fund in Spain 'I've been punching above my weight for years!' Corrie's Andy Whyment talks of romance with stunning wife Nichola and the moment he knew she was 'the one' Glowing Alex Jones flaunts her slender post baby body in stylish figure-hugging ensemble after returning to The One Show following maternity leave 'I still don't entirely understand fame': Ireland Baldwin rocks dizzying outfit for Marie Claire Mexico... but admits to struggling with life in limelight Meet the legends! Dustin Hoffman and Robert De Niro reunite on the red carpet at Tribeca Film Festival The two veteran actors posed side by side  Skating queen Jayne Torvill confirms Dancing On Ice WILL return to TV 'with refreshed look'... and is eyeing Steven Gerrard as first star signing Party's over! Gigi Hadid looks subdued in black as she steps out a day after 22nd birthday blowout bash Stepped out in a sexy all black ensemble  Market mover! Ariel Winter shows off ample assets in very plunging blazer suit at The New York Stock Exchange 'He was a huge part of our lives': Bananarama reveal the death of friend George Michael spurred them on to reunite as 'life's too bloody short' to miss the chance to tour Pregnant Serena Williams cannot stop giggling as she lounges in swimwear while gazing at fiancé Alexis Ohanian during Mexican babymoon  Having a good run! Reese Witherspoon shows off svelte figure in sports gear as she goes for jog.... after teasing possible new season of Big Little Lies 'Kash is going home today': Kim Zolciak announces four-year-old son who had surgery after dog bite is out of the hospital 'She'll face the challenges of being a single parent': Ferne McCann confirms she's pregnant with ex Arthur Collins after he's charged for acid attack Leading lady Katherine Jenkins is the picture of class in chiffon maxi dress as she heads home from another dazzling performance in Carousel Iskra Lawrence shows off her famous hourglass curves in bardot crop top and skimpy briefs as she sexily dances in playful Instagram video 'It's petty to talk about money when we are talking about genocide': Producers of big-budget movie The Promise aren't worried about paltry $4.1m opening  Rita Ora pays tribute to George Michael in a motif tee as she leaves restaurant amid claims she was a 'threesome target' for Mel B and Stephen Belafonte Fashionable flyer! Heidi Klum shows a bit of skin in an open shoulder silk bomber jacket as she arrives at LAX 'Being naked had no effect on me': Andie MacDowell opens up about first nude scene at 59 NOT model behavior! Furious Suicide Squad fans claim Cara Delevingne's body was edited to look SLIMMER using before and after images as evidence MIC's Georgia Toffolo sizzles in barely-there lingerie for sexy snap... as co-star Mark-Francis snidely hints at trouble with her beau Sam Prince Kate Moss shows her passion for fashion won't be dampened as she soldiers through the rain in a stylish black jumpsuit on luxe shopping spree Queen Letizia shows off her maternal side as she cradles a newborn baby during a visit to the Canary Islands with husband King Felipe VI Zoe Saldana flaunts her slender figure in sexily sophisticated plunging black dress at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in London 'I was slowly watching the man that I love... KILL himself' Stephanie Davis reveals her tumultuous romance with Jeremy McConnell is BACK ON 'Haters will say it's photoshop': Defiant Rihanna shares another image of the Queen superimposed onto her body after backlash Grey's Anatomy star Jesse Williams and wife Aryn Drake-Lee split after almost five years of marriage The actor and his real estate broker wife have filed for divorce 'Das B****CKS': Ed Sheeran shuts down rumours he 'will quit music to have a more normal life' with his girlfriend after his Divide World Tour 'It's so strange to be back!' Glowing Alex Jones makes a triumphant return to The One Show following maternity leave as she reunites with co-host Matt Baker 'Chillin' With The Homies': Lily Collins looks laidback as she shows off her tiny waist in knotted top and black joggers after gym trip When three becomes two: Mel B claims ex-nanny Lorraine Gilles 'crossed a line' with her husband Stephen Belafonte as duo 'would have sex without her' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Wright films her final scenes for TOWIE... after being seen in public with love interest Rio Ferdinand for the first time  Professor Green credits girlfriend Fae with stopping him 'disappearing into depression' after he returns to hospital due to complications from hernia operation Kinky boots: Bethenny Frankel struts around New York City in racy red high-heels The 46-year-old Skinnygirl entrepreneur documented her day on Instagram Stories Now that's How To Be A Latin Lover! Salma Hayek wears sexy red dress as she dances with co-star Eugenio Derbez to promote new movie Millie Mackintosh is reunited with beau Hugo Taylor in London... after enjoying her sixth getaway of the year in Monaco Strike a pose! Taye Diggs shows off physique in corset with cone bra as he channels Madonna on Lip Sync Battle Leggy Lea Michele wears billowing white dress on This Morning and killer heels as she evades Phillip Schofield's question about Cory Monteith   Ex-Geordie Shore star Holly Hagan sets pulses racing with extremely peachy belfie in a thong bikini Gave a mooney to the mirror  Mark Wright plots RAP DUET with pal James Argent to perform at Lauren Goodger engagement bash in cringe TOWIE throwback Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent works rock chic while footballer beau Kean Bryan is sartorially in sync as they enjoy lunch date Casey Batchelor flaunts her ample curves in bondage style bikini as she enjoys a dip in the ocean while on Dominican Republic break  (Punk) rock with you: Paris Jackson sports heavy eyeliner and plaid miniskirt on the set of her new project Shooting a mystery project 'He's a real man!' Brandi Glanville praises billionaire beau Donald Friese as she shares kissing snap from Coachella Couldn't keep her hands off her boyfriend Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid slips into a lace frock as she hotfoots it to the Health Star Awards with Charlotte Hawkins and Kate Garraway No moping here! Larsa Pippen heads off on bikini break after split from husband Scottie (and is soon smiling... with the help of her Kardashian BFFs) Is it too late now to say sorry? Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray goes completely nude in provocative snap as the pop star attends a church service  Klass-ic Myleene! Sartorially savvy star steps out in London in cream duster coat and rose gold trousers Myleene Klass, 39, put on a sartorially savvy display Natalie Portman shows off her sensational post-baby body as she is preened and pampered on photoshoot just TWO MONTHS after giving birth 'You gave me strength': Serena Williams pens sweet note to her unborn baby as she celebrates return to world number one while pregnant Perfect match! Hilary Swank and boyfriend Philip put on cozy display in plaid shirts and Adidas sneakers No Horror Story here! Emma Roberts and Evan Peters pack on the PDA in New York after Coachella trip The actress and her boyfriend went shopping  Caitlyn Jenner depicted as murderous 'It' clown in series of fake ads placed around Fox News studio ahead of Tucker Carlson interview New York chic! Karlie Kloss slips into turtleneck, wide trousers and Louis Vuitton purse for stroll around the city Coleen Rooney looks chic in leopard print sweatshirt as she arrives back in Manchester after going to watch Real Madrid match with son Kai Gordon Ramsay's daughter Tilly, 15, reveals her dad is a harsh critic of her cooking... as chef sends message wishing her well on TV appearance Ferne McCann's ex hobbles into court on crutches to face 14 charges of wounding in acid attack after he was Tasered and arrested in his UNDERPANTS Liam Gallagher steps out with his brother Paul in London... before getting his groove on with lookalike son Gene, 15, in fun Instagram snaps Frolicking together just weeks before horrific nightclub acid attack: Pregnant Ferne McCann and her ex-boyfriend Arthur Collins are pictured on holiday EXCLUSIVE: Ferne McCann covers up in a cap and loose clothes as she returns to Britain after the father of her unborn baby is charged over acid attack Caitlyn Jenner criticises Kris Jenner for voicing contempt about ex's new memoir (then says she does not watch her daughters' reality show that much) Lauryn Goodman slips into a plunging halterneck swimsuit as she enjoys a sun-soaked holiday in the Maldives Dakota Johnson puts on a stylish display in a red tea dress as she enjoys lunch date in LA with male pal Always chic Topless April Love Geary, 22, cheekily uses a pair of coconuts to hide her nudity as she luxuriates with boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40, in the Maldives 'Kash is doing incredible': Kim Zolciak shares updates from son's hospital bedside after he receives 'traumatic injuries' in dog attack 'I feared not being believed': Abigail Breslin explains why she didn't report her rape while revealing she is still struggling with PTSD Nicky Hilton looks lithe in skinny jeans as she joins husband James Rothschild for NYC stroll with their baby Lily Seen taking their baby for a day out Jake Gyllenhaal shares an embrace with close friend Greta Caruso as they enjoy a night out with pals in New York  Put on a cosy display Soy in love! Selena Gomez and beau The Weeknd cosy up on the backseat of a chauffeur-driven car as they roll out together for romantic sushi date 'Joan Crawford committed suicide': Mommie Dearest took her own life by overdosing on sleeping pills days after spending Mother's Day alone Emily Ratajkowski shows off sunkissed skin in a sweet patterned dress as she dines al fresco with rarely-seen boyfriend Jeff Magid Legend(ary) love! Besotted John lends leggy wife Chrissy Teigen his blazer as they coordinate for chilly dinner date in New York Dapper Chris Pratt cosies up to stunning wife Anna Faris as she slaps his bottom at Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in London Aloha! Besotted Keith Urban 'buys Nicole Kidman's childhood home' in Hawaii in the lead up to her 50th birthday Pregnant Bristol Palin happily shares photos of her daughter Sailor Grace after enjoying a visit from mom Sarah just two weeks before her due date  Mothers can't contain their excitement as it's announced that action star Chris Evans will become the next heartthrob to read a CBeebies bedtime story Pink-haired Pixie Lott wears fifty shades of brights while new mum Kimberley Walsh favours prints as stars attend the Heath Star Awards Pink-haired Cara Delevingne lays a steamy kiss on co-star Jaden Smith as they film playful scenes for teen movie Life In A Year in Toronto Slim Jennifer Garner heads to the beach in Malibu wearing workout gear amid claims she's 'ready to date again' after Ben Affleck divorce  Girls' night out! Tiffany Trump, 23, and mom Marla Maples, 53, wear matching leather pants as they attend a concert with friends in New York City 'This is my heritage. It's in my heart and veins': Princess Charlene of Monaco returns to her roots on an emotional visit to South Africa SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Shona Ramsey sports a bloodied face after being brutally mugged by two men and left unconscious Pregnant Danielle Lloyd nails maternity chic in stunning jumpsuit as son Archie plants loving kiss on her bump during Cheshire shopping trip Emmerdale's Zoe Henry bans kids from watching harrowing wedding rape scene... as she brands the topic 'more relevant than ever' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska UAV Drones Market 2017: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, Forecast to 2022 UAV Drones Market 2017 In this report, the global UAV Drones market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of UAV Drones in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Request For Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1215566-global-uav-drones-market-research-report-2017 Global UAV Drones market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Boeing PARROT 3DR Titan Aerospace AAI Northrop Grumman IAI Dynali Helicopters BAE System SAGEM Northrop Grumman Corp Elbit Systems Ltd Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd Thales SA Lockheed Martin Corp Leonardo Spa Aerovironment, Inc DJI Flir Systems, Inc Dronedeploy Precisionhawk On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Up To 25 Kg Up To 150 Kg Up To 600 Kg Above 600 Kg On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of UAV Drones for each application, including Military UAV Civilian UAV Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1215566-global-uav-drones-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents          Global UAV Drones Market Research Report 2017 1 UAV Drones Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of UAV Drones 1.2 UAV Drones Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global UAV Drones Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global UAV Drones Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Up To 25 Kg 1.2.4 Up To 150 Kg 1.2.5 Up To 600 Kg 1.2.6 Above 600 Kg 1.2.4 Type II 1.2.4 Type II 1.3 Global UAV Drones Segment by Application 1.3.1 UAV Drones Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Military UAV 1.3.3 Civilian UAV 1.4 Global UAV Drones Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global UAV Drones Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of UAV Drones (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global UAV Drones Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global UAV Drones Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) ………. 7 Global UAV Drones Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Boeing 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 UAV Drones Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Boeing UAV Drones Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 PARROT 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 UAV Drones Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 PARROT UAV Drones Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 3DR 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 UAV Drones Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 3DR UAV Drones Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Titan Aerospace 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 UAV Drones Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Titan Aerospace UAV Drones Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 AAI 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 UAV Drones Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 AAI UAV Drones Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Northrop Grumman 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 UAV Drones Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Northrop Grumman UAV Drones Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 IAI 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 UAV Drones Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 IAI UAV Drones Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Dynali Helicopters 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 UAV Drones Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Dynali Helicopters UAV Drones Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 BAE System 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 UAV Drones Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 BAE System UAV Drones Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 SAGEM 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 UAV Drones Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 SAGEM UAV Drones Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 Northrop Grumman Corp 7.12 Elbit Systems Ltd 7.13 Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd 7.14 Thales SA 7.15 Lockheed Martin Corp 7.16 Leonardo Spa 7.17 Aerovironment, Inc 7.18 DJI 7.19 Flir Systems, Inc 7.20 Dronedeploy 7.21 Precisionhawk Continued……. Buy This Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1215566 CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)   CategoriesUncategorized TagsAviation & Aerospace, Google News, satPRnews, UAV Drones, UAV Drones Analysis, UAV Drones Industry, UAV Drones Market, UAV Drones Segmentation, UAV Drones Share, UAV Drones Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Tylosin Market: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2016–2021 Next PostNext American Alliance of Museums Honors Dr. Johnnetta Cole with 2017 Award for Distinguished Service to Museums Search Recent Posts Douglas Dynamics, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call Patriot Bank Enters into Definitive Agreement to Join National Commerce Corporation TSN and Everest Announce the Everest Curling Challenge, a New World-Class Curling Event in August, 2017 National Commerce Corporation Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings „YPO Innovation Week” Gathers Innovators for Disruptive Business Models Event in Hong Kong Proudly powered by WordPress
Politics BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Trump admits he 'never realized how big' a job the presidency is in big interview on first 100 days Associated Press Apr. 24, 2017, 10:02 AM 26,695 facebook linkedin twitter email print President Donald Trump in the Oval Office. AP Photo/Andrew Harnik A transcript of an Oval Office interview Friday with President Donald Trump by AP White House Correspondent Julie Pace. Where the audio recording of the interview is unclear, ellipses or a notation that the recording was unintelligible are used. AP: I do want to talk to you about the 100 days. TRUMP: Good. AP: I want to ask a few questions on some topics that are happening toward the end of the interview. TRUMP: Did you see Aya (Hijazi, an Egyptian-American charity worker who had been detained in the country for nearly three years) ... AP: Can you tell me a little bit about how that came about? TRUMP: No, just — you know, I asked the government to let her out. ... You know Obama worked on it for three years, got zippo, zero. AP: How did you hear about this story? TRUMP: Many people, human rights people, are talking about it. It's an incredible thing, especially when you meet her. You realize — I mean, she was in a rough place. AP: Did you have to strike a deal with (Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah) el-Sisi over this? TRUMP: No. No deal. He was here. He — I said, "I really would appreciate it if you would look into this and let her out." And as you know, she went through a trial. And anyway, she was let go. And not only she, it was a total of eight people. ... Trump with Aya Hijazi, an American who was freed from jail in Egypt, in April. Thomson Reuters TRUMP: Yeah, it's funny: One of the best chemistries I had was with (German Chancellor Angela) Merkel. (Crosstalk) AP: Really? TRUMP: Chancellor Merkel. And I guess somebody shouted out, "Shake her hand, shake her hand," you know. But I never heard it. But I had already shaken her hand four times. You know, because we were together for a long time. AP: Did you expect you would have good chemistry with her? TRUMP: No. Because, um, I'm at odds on, you know, the NATO payments and I'm at odds on immigration. We had unbelievable chemistry. And people have given me credit for having great chemistry with all of the leaders, including el-Sisi. ... So it was a great thing to see that happen. Trump with Germany's chancellor, Angela Merkel, in March. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst AP: Do you feel like you have changed the office of the presidency, how the presidency can be used to effect change? TRUMP: I think the 100 days is, you know, it's an artificial barrier. It's not very meaningful. I think I've established amazing relationships that will be used the four or eight years, whatever period of time I'm here. I think for that I would be getting very high marks because I've established great relationships with countries, as President el-Sisi has shown and others have shown. Well, if you look at the president of China, people said they've never seen anything like what's going on right now. I really liked him a lot. I think he liked me. We have a great chemistry together. ... I've developed great relationships with all of these leaders. Nobody's written that. In fact, they said, "Oh, well, he's not treating them nicely," because on NATO, I want them to pay up. But I still get along with them great, and they will pay up. In fact, with the Italian prime minister yesterday, you saw, we were joking, "Come on, you have to pay up, you have to pay up." He'll pay. AP: Did he say that? In your meeting? Your private meeting? TRUMP: He's going to end up paying. But you know, nobody ever asked the question. Nobody asked. Nobody ever asked him to pay up. So it's a different kind of a presidency. AP: Do you feel like that's one thing that you've changed, that you maybe are actually asking the direct questions about some of these things? TRUMP: Yeah. Let me give me an example. A little before I took office there was a terrible article about the F-35 fighter jet. It was hundreds of billions of dollars over budget. It was seven years behind schedule. It was a disaster. So I called in Lockheed and I said, "I'm sorry, we're going to have to bid this out to another company, namely Boeing," or whoever else. But Boeing. And I called in Boeing and I started getting competing offers back and forth. ... I saved $725 million on the 90 planes. Just 90. Now there are 3,000 planes that are going to be ordered. On 90 planes I saved $725 million. It's actually a little bit more than that, but it's $725 million. Gen. (Jim) Mattis (the defense secretary), who had to sign the deal when it came to his office, said, "I've never seen anything like this in my life." We went from a company that wanted more money for the planes to a company that cut. And the reason they cut — same planes, same everything — was because of me. I mean, because that's what I do. Now if you multiply that times 3,000 planes, you know this is on 90 planes. In fact, when the Prime Minister (Shinzo) Abe of Japan came in because they bought a certain number of those. ... The first thing he said to me, because it was right at the time I did it, he said, "Could I thank you?" I said, "What?" He said, "You saved us $100 million." Because they got a $100 million savings on the 10 or 12 planes that they (bought). Nobody wrote that story. Now you know that's a saving of billions and billions of dollars, many billions of dollars over the course of — it's between 2,500 and 3,000 planes will be the final order. But this was only 90 of those 2,500 planes. Trump with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Florida, in February. AP Photo/Susan Walsh AP: And you expect those savings to carry out across that full order? TRUMP: More. I'm gonna get more than that. This was a thing that was out of control and now it's great. And the woman that runs Lockheed, Marillyn (Hewson), she was great. But all of a sudden it was a different kind of a thing. You know? ___ AP: Do you feel like you've been able to apply that kind of a relationship to your dealings with Congress as well? TRUMP: I have great relationships with Congress. I think we're doing very well, and I think we have a great foundation for future things. We're going to be applying, I shouldn't tell you this, but we're going to be announcing, probably on Wednesday, tax reform. And it's — we've worked on it long and hard. And you've got to understand, I've only been here now 93 days, 92 days. President Obama took 17 months to do Obamacare. I've been here 92 days but I've only been working on the health care, you know, I had to get, like, a little bit of grounding, right? Health care started after 30 day(s), so I've been working on health care for 60 days. ... You know, we're very close. And it's a great plan, you know, we have to get it approved. AP: Is it this deal that's between the Tuesday Group and the Freedom Caucus, is that the deal you're looking at? TRUMP: So the Republican Party has various groups, all great people. They're great people. But some are moderate, some are very conservative. The Democrats don't seem to have that nearly as much. You know the Democrats have, they don't have that. The Republicans do have that. And I think it's fine. But you know, there's a pretty vast area in there. And I have a great relationship with all of them. Now, we have government not closing. I think we'll be in great shape on that. It's going very well. Obviously, that takes precedent. AP: That takes precedent over health care? For next week? TRUMP: Yeah, sure. Next week. Because the 100 days is just an artificial barrier. The press keeps talking about the 100 days. But we've done a lot. You have a list of things. I don't have to read it. Trump with House Speaker Paul Ryan. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts AP: You did put out though, as a candidate, you put out a 100-day plan. Do you feel like you should be held accountable to that plan? TRUMP: Somebody, yeah, somebody put out the concept of a 100-day plan. But yeah. Well, I'm mostly there on most items. Go over the items, and I'll talk to you ... (Crosstalk.) TRUMP: But things change. There has to be flexibility. Let me give you an example. President Xi (Jinping of China), we have a, like, a really great relationship. For me to call him a currency manipulator and then say, "By the way, I'd like you to solve the North Korean problem," doesn't work. So you have to have a certain flexibility, No. 1. No. 2, from the time I took office till now, you know, it's a very exact thing. It's not like generalities. Do you want a Coke or anything? AP: I'm OK, thank you. No. ... TRUMP: But President Xi, from the time I took office, he has not, they have not been currency manipulators. Because there's a certain respect because he knew I would do something or whatever. But more importantly than him not being a currency manipulator, the bigger picture, bigger than even currency manipulation, if he's helping us with North Korea, with nuclear and all of the things that go along with it, who would call, what am I going to do, say, "By the way, would you help us with North Korea? And also, you're a currency manipulator." It doesn't work that way. AP: Right. TRUMP: And the media, some of them get it, in all fairness. But you know, some of them either don't get it, in which case they're very stupid people, or they just don't want to say it. You know because of a couple of them said, "He didn't call them a currency manipulator." Well, for two reasons. No. 1, he's not, since my time. You know, very specific formula. You would think it's like generalities, it's not. They have — they've actually — their currency's gone up. So it's a very, very specific formula. And I said, "How badly have they been," ... they said, "Since you got to office they have not manipulated their currency." That's No. 1, but much more important, they are working with us on North Korea. Now maybe that'll work out or maybe it won't. Can you imagine? ... AP: So in terms of the 100-day plan that you did put out during the campaign, do you feel, though, that people should hold you accountable to this in terms of judging success? Trump applauds Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch during his public swearing-in ceremony at the White House on April 10. AP Photo/Evan Vucci TRUMP: No, because much of the foundation's been laid. Things came up. I'll give you an example. I didn't put Supreme Court judge on the 100 (day) plan, and I got a Supreme Court judge. AP: I think it's on there. TRUMP: I don't know. ... AP: "Begin the process of selecting." You actually exceeded on this one. This says, "Begin the process of selecting a replacement." TRUMP: That's the biggest thing I've done. AP: Do you consider that your biggest success? TRUMP: Well, I — first of all, I think he's a great man. I think he will be a great, great justice of the Supreme Court. I have always heard that the selection and the affirmation of a Supreme Court judge is the biggest thing a president can do. Don't forget, he could be there for 40 years. ... He's a young man. I've always heard that that's the biggest thing. Now, I would say that defense is the biggest thing. You know, to be honest, there are a number of things. But I've always heard that the highest calling is the nomination of a Supreme Court justice. I've done one in my first 70 days. Our military is so proud. They were not proud at all. They had their heads down. Now they have their heads up. ... I'm rebuilding the military. We have great people. We have great things in place. We have tremendous borders. I mention the F-35 because if I can save $725 million — look at that, that's a massive amount of money. And I'll save more as we make more planes. If I can save that on a small number of planes — Gen. Mattis said, "I've never seen anything like this," because he had to sign the ultimate (unintelligible). ... He had to sign the ultimate, you know. He said, "I've never seen anything like this before, as long as I've been in the military." You know, that kind of cutting. Trump speaking to Navy and shipyard personnel in Newport News, Virginia, in March. AP Photo / Steve Helber AP: Right. TRUMP: Now, if I can do that (unintelligible). ... As an example, the aircraft carriers, billions of dollars, the Gerald Ford, billions and billions over budget. That won't happen. AP: Is that something you're going to take on? TRUMP: (unintelligible) But as we order the other ones, because they want to order 12, the other ones are going to come in much less expensive. ... ___ AP: Can I ask you, over your first 100 days — you're not quite there yet — how do you feel like the office has changed you? TRUMP: Well, the one thing I would say — and I say this to people — I never realized how big it was. Everything's so (unintelligible) like, you know the orders are so massive. I was talking to — AP: You mean the responsibility of it, or do you mean — The US Navy guided-missile destroyer USS Porter (DDG 78) conducts strike operations in the Mediterranean Sea. Thomson Reuters TRUMP: No. 1, there's great responsibility. When it came time to, as an example, send out the 59 missiles, the Tomahawks in Syria. I'm saying to myself, "You know, this is more than just like, 79 (sic) missiles. This is death that's involved," because people could have been killed. This is risk that's involved, because if the missile goes off and goes in a city or goes in a civilian area — you know, the boats were hundreds of miles away — and if this missile goes off and lands in the middle of a town or a hamlet .... every decision is much harder than you'd normally make. (unintelligible) ... This is involving death and life and so many things. ... So it's far more responsibility. (unintelligible) ... The financial cost of everything is so massive, every agency. This is thousands of times bigger, the United States, than the biggest company in the world. The second-largest company in the world is the Defense Department. The third-largest company in the world is Social Security. The fourth-largest — you know, you go down the list. AP: Right. TRUMP. It's massive. And every agency is, like, bigger than any company. So you know, I really just see the bigness of it all, but also the responsibility. And the human responsibility. You know, the human life that's involved in some of the decisions. Trump meets with business leaders in Washington in January. From left: Corning CEO Wendell Weeks, Trump, Johnson & Johnson CEO Alex Gorsky, and Dell CEO Michael Dell. Kevin Lamarque/Reuters AP: You've talked a little bit about the way that you've brought some business skills into the office. Is there anything from your business background that just doesn't translate into the presidency, that just simply is not applicable to this job? TRUMP: Well in business, you don't necessarily need heart, whereas here, almost everything affects people. So if you're talking about health care — you have health care in business, but you're trying to just negotiate a good price on health care, et cetera, et cetera. You're providing health. This is (unintelligible). Here, everything, pretty much everything you do in government, involves heart, whereas, in business, most things don't involve heart. AP: What's that switch been like for you? TRUMP: In fact, in business, you're actually better off without it. AP: What's making that switch been like for you? TRUMP: You have to love people. And if you love people, such a big responsibility. (unintelligible) You can take any single thing, including even taxes. I mean, we're going to be doing major tax reform. Here's part of your story, it's going to be a big (unintelligible). Everybody's saying, "Oh, he's delaying." I'm not delaying anything. I'll tell you the other thing is (unintelligible). I used to get great press. I get the worst press. I get such dishonest reporting with the media. That's another thing that really has — I've never had anything like it before. It happened during the primaries, and I said, you know, when I won, I said, "Well, the one thing good is now I'll get good press." And it got worse. (unintelligible) So that was one thing that a little bit of a surprise to me. I thought the press would become better, and it actually, in my opinion, got more nasty. ___ AP: But in terms of tax reform, how are you going to roll that out next week? TRUMP: Well I'm going to roll (out) probably on Wednesday. Around Wednesday of next week, we're putting out a massive tax reform — business and for people — we want to do both. We've been working on it (unintelligible). (Treasury) Secretary (Steven) Mnuchin is a very talented person, very smart. Very successful (unintelligible). ... We're going to be putting that out on Wednesday or shortly thereafter. Let me leave a little room just in case (unintelligible). ... And that's a big story, because a lot of people think I'm going to put it out much later. AP: Do you have any details on that in terms of rates? TRUMP: Only in terms that it will be a massive tax cut. It will be bigger, I believe, than any tax cut ever. Maybe the biggest tax cut we've ever had. ... Trump leaves after speaking about missile strikes on a Syrian airfield in April. Carlos Barria/Reuters AP: Obviously, that's going to come in a week where you're going to be running up against the deadline for keeping the government open. If you get a bill on your desk that does not include funding for the wall, will you sign it? TRUMP: I don't know yet. People want the border wall. My base definitely wants the border wall. My base really wants it — you've been to many of the rallies. OK, the thing they want more than anything is the wall. My base, which is a big base; I think my base is 45 percent. You know, it's funny. The Democrats, they have a big advantage in the Electoral College. Big, big, big advantage. I've always said the popular vote would be a lot easier than the Electoral College. The Electoral College — but it's a whole different campaign (unintelligible). The Electoral College is very difficult for a Republican to win, and I will tell you, the people want to see it. They want to see the wall. They want to see security. Now it just came out that they're 73 percent down. ... That's a tremendous achievement. ... Look at this, in 100 days, that down to the lowest in 17 years, and it's going lower. Now, people aren't coming because they know they're not going to get through, and there isn't crime. You know, the migration up to the border is horrible for women, you know that? (Unintelligible.) Now, much of that's stopped because they can't get through. AP: It sounds like maybe you're beginning to send a message that if you do get a spending bill that doesn't have border funding in there, you would sign it. TRUMP: Well, first of all, the wall will cost much less than the numbers I'm seeing. I'm seeing numbers, I mean, this wall is not going to be that expensive. AP: What do you think the estimate on it would be? TRUMP: Oh, I'm seeing numbers — $24 billion, I think I'll do it for $10 billion or less. That's not a lot of money relative to what we're talking about. If we stop 1 percent of the drugs from coming in — and we'll stop all of it. But if we stop 1 percent of the drugs because we have the wall — they're coming around in certain areas, but if you have a wall, they can't do it because it's a real wall. That's a tremendously good investment, 1 percent. The drugs pouring through on the southern border are unbelievable. We're becoming a drug culture, there's so much. And most of it's coming from the southern border. The wall will stop the drugs. AP: But, just trying to nail you down on it one more time, will you sign a spending bill if it doesn't have — TRUMP: I don't want to comment. I just don't know yet. I mean, I have to see what's going on. I really do. But the wall's a very important thing to — not only my base, but to the people. And even if it wasn't, I mean, I'll do things that aren't necessarily popular. ... The wall is very important to stopping drugs. AP: If you don't have a funding stream, your message to your base is what? TRUMP: My base understands the wall is going to get built, whether I have it funded here or if I get it funded shortly thereafter, that wall's getting built, OK? One hundred percent. One hundred percent it's getting built. And it's also getting built for much less money — I hope you get this — than these people are estimating. The opponents are talking $25 billion for the wall. It's not going to cost anywhere near that. AP: You think $10 billion or less. TRUMP: I think $10 billion or less. And if I do a super-duper, higher, better, better security, everything else, maybe it goes a little bit more. But it's not going to be anywhere near (those) kind of numbers. And they're using those numbers — they're using the high numbers to make it sound impalatable (sic). And the fact it's going to cost much less money, just like the airplane I told you about, which I hope you can write about. Part of the US-Mexico border. Spencer Platt/Getty Images TRUMP: They had a quote from me that NATO's obsolete. But they didn't say why it was obsolete. I was on Wolf Blitzer, very fair interview, the first time I was ever asked about NATO, because I wasn't in government. People don't go around asking about NATO if I'm building a building in Manhattan, right? So they asked me, Wolf ... asked me about NATO, and I said two things. NATO's obsolete — not knowing much about NATO, now I know a lot about NATO — NATO is obsolete, and I said, "And the reason it's obsolete is because of the fact they don't focus on terrorism." You know, back when they did NATO, there was no such thing as terrorism. AP: What specifically has NATO changed? TRUMP: (Cites Wall Street Journal article) ... I did an interview with Wolf Blitzer, and I said NATO was obsolete — I said two things — obsolete, and the countries aren't paying. I was right about both. I took such heat for about three days on both, because nobody ever criticized NATO. I took heat like you wouldn't believe. And then some expert on NATO said, "You know, Trump is right." But I said it was obsolete because they weren't focused on terror. ... It's not fair that we're paying close to 4 percent and other countries that are more directly affected are paying 1 percent when they're supposed to be paying 2 percent. And I'm very strong on it and I'm going to be very strong on it when I go there in a month." __ AP: This morning you tweeted that after the possible terrorist attack in Paris, that it will have a big effect on the upcoming French election. What did you mean by that? TRUMP: Well, I think it will have a big effect on who people are going to vote for in the election. AP: Do you think it's going to help Marine Le Pen? TRUMP: I think so. AP: Do you believe that she should be the president? TRUMP: No, I have no comment on that, but I think that it'll probably help her because she is the strongest on borders and she is the strongest on what's been going on in France. AP: Do you worry at all that by saying that, that a terrorist attack would have an impact on a democratic election, that it would actually embolden terrorists to try to — TRUMP: No. Look, everybody is making predictions who is going to win. I am no different than you. You could say the same thing. ... AP: I just wonder if you are encouraging, you are the president of the United States, so to say that you worry that it encourages terrorists ... TRUMP: No, I am no different than — no, I think it discourages terrorists, I think it discourages. I think what we've done on the border discourages it. I think that my stance on having people come into this country that we have no idea who they are and in certain cases you will have radical Islamic terrorism. I'm not going to have it in this country. I'm not going to let what happened to France and other places happen here. And it's already largely, you know, we have tens — we have hundreds of thousands of people that have been allowed into our country that should not be here. They shouldn't be here. We have people allowed into our country with no documentation whatsoever. They have no documentation, and they were allowed under the previous administrations — they were allowed into our country. It's a big mistake. AP: Just so that I am clear. You are not endorsing her for the office, but you are — TRUMP: I am not endorsing her, and I didn't mention her name. AP: Right, I just wanted to make sure I have that clear. TRUMP: I believe whoever is the toughest on radical Islamic terrorism and whoever is the toughest at the borders will do well at the election. I am not saying that person is going to win. She is not even favored to win, you know. Right now, she is in second place. Marine Le Pen, the leader of France's National Front political party and a candidate for French president. REUTERS/Charles Platiau AP: I have a question on the markets, actually. One thing that I think has been different about this White House is that you do point to the markets as a sign of progress. Do you worry, though — I mean, the markets go up and down. TRUMP: You live by the sword, you die by the sword, to a certain extent. But we create a lot of jobs, 500,000 jobs as of two months ago, and plenty created since. Five hundred thousand. ... As an example, Ford, General Motors. I've had cases where the gentleman from China, Ma, Jack Ma (chairman of Alibaba Group), he comes up, he says, "Only because of you am I making this massive investment." Intel, only because of you. ... The press never writes that. ___ AP: What about NAFTA? What's the plan on NAFTA? TRUMP: What would you like to know? AP: I would like to know what your plan is in terms of renegotiating. TRUMP: I am very upset with NAFTA. I think NAFTA has been a catastrophic trade deal for the United States, trading agreement for the United States. It hurts us with Canada, and it hurts us with Mexico. Most people don't even think of NAFTA in terms of Canada. You saw what happened yesterday in my statements, because if you look at the dairy farmers in Wisconsin and upstate New York, they are getting killed by NAFTA. AP: Is your plan still, though, to renegotiate the whole deal? TRUMP: I am going to either renegotiate it or I am going to terminate it. AP: Termination is still on the table. TRUMP: Absolutely. If they don't treat fairly, I am terminating NAFTA. AP: What's a timeline for that decision? TRUMP: It's a six-month termination clause. I have the right to do it. It's a six-month clause. US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, left, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions, right, at Trump's first address to a joint session of Congress, in February. REUTERS/Jim Lo Scalzo/Pool AP: If I could fit a couple of more topics. Jeff Sessions, your attorney general, is taking a tougher line suddenly on Julian Assange, saying that arresting him is a priority. You were supportive of what WikiLeaks was doing during the campaign with the release of the Clinton emails. Do you think that arresting Assange is a priority for the United States? TRUMP: When WikiLeaks came out ... never heard of WikiLeaks, never heard of it. When WikiLeaks came out, all I was just saying is, "Well, look at all this information here. This is pretty good stuff." You know, they tried to hack the Republican, the RNC, but we had good defenses. They didn't have defenses, which is pretty bad management. But we had good defenses. They tried to hack both of them. They weren't able to get through to Republicans. No, I found it very interesting when I read this stuff, and I said, "Wow." It was just a figure of speech. I said, "Well, look at this. It's good reading." AP: But that didn't mean that you supported what Assange is doing? TRUMP: No, I don't support or unsupport. It was just information. They shouldn't have allowed it to get out. If they had the proper defensive devices on their internet, you know, equipment, they wouldn't even allow the FBI. How about this — they get hacked, and the FBI goes to see them, and they won't let the FBI see their server. But do you understand, nobody ever writes it. Why wouldn't (former Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John) Podesta and Hillary Clinton allow the FBI to see the server? They brought in another company that I hear is Ukrainian-based. AP: CrowdStrike? TRUMP: That's what I heard. I heard it's owned by a very rich Ukrainian. That's what I heard. But they brought in another company to investigate the server. Why didn't they allow the FBI in to investigate the server? I mean, there is so many things that nobody writes about. It's incredible. AP: Can I just ask you, though — do you believe it is a priority for the United States, or it should be a priority, to arrest Julian Assange? TRUMP: I am not involved in that decision, but if Jeff Sessions wants to do it, it's OK with me. I didn't know about that decision, but if they want to do it, it's OK with me. Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks. Carl Court/Getty Images AP: On Iran, which is another thing you talked a lot on the campaign — TRUMP: And the other thing that we should go after is the leakers. ... AP: On Iran, you also talked about it quite a bit on the campaign trail. And you said in the press conference yesterday that you think that Iran is violating the spirit of the agreement. When you say that, do you mean in terms of the actual nuclear accord, or do you mean what they are doing in the region? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing all over the Middle East and beyond. AP: So you believe that they are complying with the agreement? TRUMP: No, I don't say that. I say that I believe they have broken the spirit of the agreement. There is a spirit to agreements, and they have broken it. AP: In terms of what they are doing elsewhere in the Middle East? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing of all over. AP: When you talk to European leaders, when you talk to Merkel, for example, or (British Prime Minister) Teresa May, what do they say about the nuclear deal? Do they want you to stay in that deal? TRUMP: I don't talk to them about it. AP: You don't talk to them about the Iran deal? TRUMP: I mention it, but it's very personal when I talk to them, you know, it's confidential. No, they have their own opinions. I don't say that they are different than my opinions, but I'd rather have you ask them that question. AP: At this point, do you believe that you will stay in the nuclear deal? TRUMP: It's possible that we won't. People participate in the Immigrants Make America Great March in California in February to protest the actions of the Trump administration. David McNew/Getty Images AP: Dreamers, you've talked about them. You've talked about heart earlier. This is one area where you have talked — TRUMP: No, we aren't looking to do anything right now. Look, the Dreamers ... this is an interesting case. They left and they came back, and he's got some problems. It's a little different than the Dreamer case, right? But we are putting MS-13 in jail and getting them the hell out of our country. They've taken over towns and cities, and we are being really brutal with MS-13, and that's what we should be. They are a bad group, and somebody said they are as bad as al-Qaida, which is a hell of a reference. So we are moving criminals out of our country, and we are getting them out in record numbers, and those are the people we are after. We are not after the Dreamers. We are after the criminals. AP: And that's going to be the policy of your administration to allow the Dreamers to stay? TRUMP: Yes. Yes. That's our policy. I am not saying ... long-term, we are going to have to fix the problem, the whole immigration problem. But I will tell you: Right now, we have a great gentleman, one of my real stars is Gen. (John) Kelly, now (Homeland Security) Secretary Kelly. We are down 73 percent at the border. We are cleaning out cities and towns of hardline criminals, some of the worst people on earth, people that rape and kill women, people that are killing people just for the sake of having fun. They are being thrown in jails, and they are being ... all over the country, and nobody's ever done it like us, so we are being unbelievably thorough with that. We are out in Long Island cleaning out the MS-13 scum. They are all scum. That's probably the worst gang anywhere on earth. ... AP: A lot of the Dreamers have been hoping to hear something from you. I don't want to give them the wrong message with this. TRUMP: Here is what they can hear: The Dreamers should rest easy. OK? I'll give you that. The Dreamers should rest easy. ... ___ (An aide talks about the president's address to Congress.) TRUMP: A lot of the people have said that — some people said it was the single best speech ever made in that chamber. AP: You seem like you enjoyed it. TRUMP: I did. I did. I believed in it, and I enjoyed it. It was a great feeling to introduce the wife of a great young soldier who died getting us very valuable information. Have you seen the tremendous success? ... That's another thing that nobody talks about. Have you seen the tremendous success we've had in the Middle East with the ISIS? When (current Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al) Abadi left from Iraq, he said Trump has more success in eight weeks than Obama had in eight years. ... We have had tremendous success, but we don't talk about it. We don't talk about it. AP: Do you mean you don't talk about it personally because you don't want to talk about it? TRUMP: I don't talk about it, no. And the generals don't talk about it. Jared Kushner, Trump's senior adviser and son-in-law. Pineiro/Handout via REUTERS AP: You had put a request into the Pentagon to put forward an ISIS plan within 30 days. I know they have sent that over. Have you accepted a plan? Are you moving forward on a strategy? TRUMP: We have a very strong plan, but we cannot talk about it, Julie. AP: So you have decided on a plan? TRUMP: Remember how many times have you been to the speech where I talked about Mosul. AP: Right. TRUMP. Right. Mosul. Four months we are going in, three months. We are still fighting Mosul. You know why? Because they were prepared. If we would have gone in and just done it, it would have been over three months ago. AP: Can you say generally what the strategy is? Should people — TRUMP: Generally is we have got to get rid of ISIS. We have no choice. And other terrorist organizations. AP: Should Americans who are serving in the military expect that you are going to increase troop numbers in the Middle East to fight ISIS? TRUMP: No, not much. AP: In terms of the strategy, though, that you have accepted, it sounds like, from the generals — TRUMP: Well, they've also accepted my strategy. AP: Does that involve more troops on the ground, it sounds like? TRUMP: Not many. AP: So a small increase? TRUMP: It could be an increase, then an increase. But not many more. I want to do the job, but not many more. ... This is an important story. I've done a lot. I've done more than any other president in the first 100 days, and I think the first 100 days is an artificial barrier. And I'm scheduled ... the foundations have been set to do some great things. With foreign countries. Look at, look at President Xi. I mean ... AP: What do you think it was about your chemistry? TRUMP: We had good chemistry. Now, I don't know that I think that's going to produce results, but you've got a good chance. AP: Uh-huh. TRUMP: Look, he turned down many coal ships. These massive coal ships are coming where they get a lot of their income. They're coming into China, and they're being turned away. That's never happened before. The fuel, the oil, so many different things. You saw the editorial they had in their paper saying they cannot be allowed to have nuclear, you know, et cetera. People have said they've never seen this ever before in China. We have the same relationship with others. There's a great foundation that's built. Great foundation. And I think it's going to produce tremendous results for our country. Trump and China's president, Xi Jinping, at Mar-a-Lago in April. REUTERS/Carlos Barria AP: One more 100-days question. TRUMP: That's fine. AP: ... is do you think you have the right team in place for your next 100 days? TRUMP: Yes. I think my team has been — well, I have different teams. I think my military team has been treated with great respect, as they should be. I think my other team hasn't been treated with the respect that they should get. We have some very talented people and very diverse people. AP: Do you mean your White House team when you say that? TRUMP: Yeah, my White House team. I think Reince (Priebus, the chief of staff) has been doing an excellent job. I think that, you know, this is a very tough environment not caused necessarily by me. Although the election has, you know, look, the Democrats had a tremendous opportunity because the Electoral College, as I said, is so skewed to them. You start off by losing in New York and California, no matter who it is. If, if Abe Lincoln came back to life, he would lose New York, and he would lose California. It's just the registration. There's nothing you can do. So you're losing the two biggest states, that's where you start. OK. The Electoral College is so skewed in favor of a Democrat that it's very, very hard. Look at Obama's number in the Electoral College. His numbers on the win were ... but the Electoral College numbers were massive. You lose New York. You lose Illinois. Illinois is impossible to win. And you look at — so now you lose New York, Illinois, no matter what you do, and California. Right. And you say, man. Now you have to win Florida. You have to win Ohio. You have to win North Carolina. You have to win all these states, and then I won Wisconsin and Michigan and all of these other places, but you remember there was no way to — there was no way to 270. AP: Right. TRUMP: So she had this massive advantage. She spent hundreds of millions of dollars more money than I spent. Hundreds of millions ... Yeah. Or more, actually, because we were $375 (million). She was at $2.2 billion. But whatever. She spent massive amounts of money more and she lost. Solidly lost, because, you know, it wasn't 270. It was 306. So there's anger. But there was massive anger before I got there, so it's not easy for a White House staff to realize that you are going into a situation where you are going to be at no, where are going to get no votes. I mean, here's a judge who is No. 1 at Columbia, No. 1 at Harvard, and an Oxford scholar. And he got three votes. AP: Three Democratic votes, but yeah. TRUMP: Three Democratic votes. OK. He's an Oxford scholar at the highest level. The No. 1, you know, one of the great academics, one of the great writers. No bad decisions with all ... nothing. He's like a ... AP: Do you think that you can break through that? I mean this — TRUMP: Yeah, I do. AP: Is one of the biggest challenges for a president. TRUMP: I think I can, to an extent. But there's a — there's a basic hardline core that you can't break though, OK, that you can't break through. There's a hardline group you can't break through. You can't. It's sad. You can't. Look, I met with Congressman Cummings, and I really liked him, a lot. Elijah Cummings (of Maryland). I really liked him a lot. And during the conversation — because we have a very strong mutual feeling on drug prices. He came to see me, at my invitation, because I saw him talking about — he came to see me about drug prices because drug prices are ridiculous. And I am going to get them way, way, way down, and he liked that. He said you will be the greatest president. He said you will be — in front of five, six people — he said you will be the greatest president in the history of this country. AP: He disputed that slightly. TRUMP: That's what he said. I mean, what can I tell you? AP: Yeah. TRUMP: There's six people sitting here. What did he — what, what do you mean by slightly? AP: He said, he said that he felt like you could be a great president if and then — TRUMP: Well he said you'll be the greatest president in the history of — but you know what, I'll take that also, but that you could be. But he said will be the greatest president, but I would also accept the other. In other words, if you do your job, but I accept that. Then I watched him interviewed, and it was like he never even was here. It's incredible. I watched him interviewed a week later, and it's like he was never in my office. And you can even say that. Greg Friese via Flickr AP: And that's one of the difficulties I think presidents have had, is that you can have these personal relationships with people from the other party, but then it's hard to actually change how people vote or change how people — TRUMP: No, I have. It's interesting. I have — seem to get very high ratings. I definitely. You know, Chris Wallace had 9.2 million people. It's the highest in the history of the show. I have all the ratings for all those morning shows. When I go, they go double, triple. Chris Wallace, look back during the Army-Navy football game, I did his show that morning. AP: I remember, right. TRUMP: It had 9.2 million people. It's the highest they've ever had. On any, on air, (CBS "Face the Nation" host John) Dickerson had 5.2 million people. It's the highest for "Face the Nation," or, as I call it, "Deface the Nation." It's the highest for "Deface the Nation" since the World Trade Center. Since the World Trade Center came down. It's a tremendous advantage. I have learned one thing, because I get treated very unfairly, that's what I call it, the fake media. And the fake media is not all of the media. You know, they tried to say that the fake media was all the — no, the fake media is some of you. I could tell you who it is, 100 percent. Sometimes you're fake, but — but the fake media is some of the media. It bears no relationship to the truth. It's not that Fox treats me well. It's that Fox is the most accurate. AP: Do you believe that? That Fox — TRUMP: I do. I get treated so badly. Yesterday, about the thing, you know, when I said it's a terrorism ... it may be. I said it may be a terrorist attack, and MSNBC, I heard, went crazy, "He called it a terrorist attack." They thought it was a bank robbery. By the way, I'm 10-0 for that. I've called every one of them. Every time they said I called it way too early and then it turns out I'm ... whatever. Whatever. In the meantime, I'm here and they're not. PA AP: Do you feel that one of the things with cable is there's such real-time reaction with everything you say? TRUMP: Yeah. AP: Can you separate that sometimes from that actual decision? TRUMP: The one thing — AP: That you have to do — TRUMP: OK. The one thing I've learned to do that I never thought I had the ability to do. I don't watch CNN anymore. AP: You just said you did. TRUMP: No. No, I — if I'm passing it, what did I just say (inaudible)? AP: You just said — TRUMP: Where? Where? AP: Two minutes ago. TRUMP: No, they treat me so badly. No, I just said that. No, I — what'd I say, I stopped watching them. But I don't watch CNN anymore. I don't watch MSNBC. I don't watch it. Now I heard yesterday that MSNBC, you know, they tell me what's going on. AP: Right. TRUMP: In fact, they also did. I never thought I had the ability to not watch. Like, people think I watch (MSNBC's) "Morning Joe." I don't watch "Morning Joe." I never thought I had the ability to, and who used to treat me great by the way, when I played the game. I never thought I had the ability to not watch what is unpleasant if it's about me. Or pleasant. But when I see, it's such false reporting and such bad reporting and false reporting that I've developed an ability that I never thought I had. I don't watch things that are unpleasant. I just don't watch them. AP: And do you feel like that's, that's because of the office that you now occupy — TRUMP: No. AP: That you've made that change? TRUMP: I don't know why it is, but I've developed that ability, and it's happened over the last — over the last year. AP: That's interesting. YouTube/Daily Kos TRUMP: And I don't watch things that I know are going to be unpleasant. CNN has covered me unfairly and incorrectly, and I don't watch them anymore. A lot of people don't watch them anymore. They're now in third place. But I've created something where people are watching ... but I don't watch CNN anymore. I don't watch MSNBC anymore. I don't watch things, and I never thought I had that ability. I always thought I'd watch. AP: Sure. TRUMP: I just don't. And that's taken place over the last year. And you know what that is, that's a great — it's a great thing because you leave, you leave for work in the morning, you know, you're — you don't watch this total negativity. I never thought I'd be able to do that and for me, it's so easy to do now. Just don't watch. AP: That's interesting. TRUMP: Maybe it's because I'm here. I don't know. More from Associated Press: Arkansas executes 2 inmates on the same gurney, hours apart North Korea celebrates as South Korea, US keep watch Turkey hits Kurdish areas in Iraq's Sinjar, northeast Syria Overcoming Opioids: Special schools help teens stay clean Warriors move on with a sweep of the Trail Blazers SEE ALSO: 'You live by the sword, you die by the sword': Trump says the stock market is still a fair indicator of his success NOW WATCH: How the US could prevent a North Korean nuclear strike — according to a former Marine and cyberwarfare expert Loading video... More: Donald Trump Associated Press Politics facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Trump admits he 'never realized how big' a job the presidency is in big interview on first 100 days Trump admits he 'never realized how big' a job the presidency is in big interview on first 100 days A transcript of an Oval Office interview Friday... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured A Tesla bull makes his case: 'We think it's real .... it's a good car. That's not a fluke' More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Politics Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
menu Sections Tuesday, April 25, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION business / Headlines share this PAL beefs up London, US flights By: Miguel R. Camus - @inquirerdotnet Philippine Daily Inquirer / 01:04 AM April 25, 2017 Flag carrier Philippine Airlines (PAL) said it planned to use new Boeing 777-300 ERs, the flagship of its long-haul fleet, for flights to London and the United States. PAL, whose fleet of about 80 aircraft includes eight B777s, earlier said new planes would replace its aging fleet of Airbus A340s. The two new B777s will be delivered by December this year, the flag carrier added. ADVERTISEMENT “The Boeing aircraft will serve the Manila-London route, a move designed to primarily enhance the total passenger travel experience and inflight service delivery,” PAL president Jaime Bautista said in a statement. “While we already have eight Triple-7s serving the West Coast, the incoming units will also augment other trans-Pacific flights,” he added. The B777 is the longest range wide-body aircraft in PAL’s fleet. New flagship aircraft “The Boeing 777 is our flagship aircraft for long-haul operations. With its range and operational capability, the flag carrier will be at par with other full service carriers along the route,” Bautista said. Each of the new planes can carry 370 passengers, or 42 business-class seats and 328 economy-class seats. The plan is linked to PAL’s ambitions to become a five-star carrier by 2020. The B777 planes will be acquired via a long-term lease with Intrepid Aviation, PAL said. Other major steps in its re-fleeting include buying six new Airbus A350s wide-body planes, which will be delivered starting next year, and reconfiguring eight A330s from the current monoclass setup to three classes by mid-July 2017. ADVERTISEMENT PAL is also acquiring more aircraft as it foresees continued growth in demand. The company earlier announced that it planned to serve about 15 million passengers this year, from 13.3 million in 2016. The carrier is also anticipating the potential entry of a new investor this year. Bautista had said operator PAL Holdings was in advanced talks with a foreign airline, which could buy a “less than” 40-percent stake in the listed company. PAL Holdings earlier said profit for the full-year 2016 slid 38 percent to P3.53 billion while revenues rose 7.2 percent to P116.6 billion. Passenger revenues, accounting for 80 percent of the total, rose 7.1 percent to P96.3 billion. Cargo revenues dropped almost 4 percent to P6.9 billion while ancillary (nonticket fare) sales jumped 24 percent to P9.76 billion. Subscribe to INQUIRER PLUS to get access to The Philippine Daily Inquirer & other 70+ titles, share up to 5 gadgets, listen to the news, download as early as 4am & share articles on social media. Call 896 6000. play_circle_filled How Supt. Nobleza’s romance with an Abu terrorist blossomed April 24, 2017 play_circle_filled Duterte wants policewoman reportedly linked to Abu Sayyaf jailed April 24, 2017 play_circle_filled North Korea warns of all-out war over US provocations April 24, 2017 play_circle_filled Duterte: Proposed law on ROTC revival in the works April 23, 2017 TAGS: Business, Philippine Airlines (PAL) For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING newsinfo How Supt. Nobleza’s romance with an Abu terrorist blossomed  April 24, 2017 newsinfo Italian waitress saves money for 2 years to marry Indonesian villager April 24, 2017 newsinfo Farmers’ group occupies land in Hacienda Luisita April 25, 2017 globalnation Duterte, 11 others accused of crimes against humanity before ICC April 24, 2017 entertainment After ‘fake’ Hermes bag rants, Brunei-based Pinay makes peace with Pia Wurtzbach April 24, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies Wall Street surges, Nasdaq hits record on French vote result Business Standard Qatar Airways close to Italy deal, to own minority stake in Indian airline Qatar Airways has said it plans to operate a domestic Indian carrier with around 100 jets Reuters  |  Dubai  April 24, 2017 Last Updated at 22:19 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV2w2F Qatar Airways CEO Akbar al-Baker, center, shows a mock up of Qatar Airway's new Q Suite, during the Arabian Travel Market Exhibition in Dubai, United Arab Emirates ALSO READ Qatar Airways' proposed Indian airline catches speed, to review airports Flying domestic: Qatar Airways is planning a fully-owned airline in India Qatar Airways seeks an Indian home Qatar Airways announces plan to set up airline venture with India New flights and routes: Air India, Jet Airways see gains in US travel curbs Qatar Airways will finalise a long-negotiated agreement to buy 49 per cent of Italy's Meridiana in the coming days, and soon apply with Qatar's sovereign wealth fund to start an Indian airline. Qatar Airways will sign the agreement with Italy's second biggest airline in the next "few days", Chief Executive Akbar al-Baker told reporters in Dubai on Monday. The airline has been negotiating to buy a stake in Meridiana for more than year, a deal that could help the loss-making Italian carrier's ability to compete in Europe. Meridiana would operate as a full-service carrier to destinations in Europe and beyond, al-Baker said, with the airline taking delivery of 20 Boeing 737 MAXs from the second quarter of 2018. The 737s will come from a Qatar Airways order of Boeing jets announced last October. Al-Baker declined to say how much Qatar Airways would invest in the Italian carrier. Meridiana, which offers flights to and from the island of Sardinia and other destinations in Italy, is owned by the Aga Khan, a businessman and spiritual leader of the Ismaili Muslims. Qatar Airways will also apply with the Qatar Investment Authority (QIA) for a domestic Indian airline operating licence in the next few weeks, al-Baker said. The Indian carrier would be majority owned by QIA, with Qatar Airways controlling a minority interest, he said. Manufacturers Airbus, Boeing, Bombardier and Embraer would be welcome to bid for orders from the Indian carrier, al-Baker said. Qatar Airways has said it plans to operate a domestic Indian carrier with around 100 jets. The Doha-based airline also announced on Monday 12 new destinations to start in 2018, including direct flights to San Francisco in the United States. The US expansion contrasts with rival Emirates, which said this month it would cut flights on five US destinations from May due to a "significant deterioration" in bookings. This followed US President Donald Trump's attempts to restrict travel from some Muslim countries, which has hit demand from the Middle East. "We didn't have massive declines like other carriers," al-Baker said. "We will continue our expansion." The airline has seen "some decline" in passenger demand on US routes, but he said this was manageable. Qatar Airways has delayed plans to start flights to Las Vegas until the second quarter 2018, from the first quarter of that year, "mainly due to technical reasons," al-Baker said without explaining further. The airline, like Emirates and Etihad Airways, has faced more than two years of opposition in the United States led by major carriers American Airlines, United Airlines and Delta Air Lines . The three US carriers have lobbied the US government to investigate claims the Middle East rivals have received billions of dollars in state aid, which those airlines deny. "We create jobs, we buy American, We invest in the United States and I think we outweigh whatever job creation these three American carriers are doing," al-Baker said. Read More On Qatar Airways | Italy | Dubai | Meridiana | Qia | Indian Airline | International | Companies PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Explore Australia with Malaysia Airlines Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Qatar Airways close to Italy deal, to own minority stake in Indian airline Qatar Airways has said it plans to operate a domestic Indian carrier with around 100 jets Qatar Airways has said it plans to operate a domestic Indian carrier with around 100 jets Qatar Airways will finalise a long-negotiated agreement to buy 49 per cent of Italy's Meridiana in the coming days, and soon apply with Qatar's sovereign wealth fund to start an Indian airline. Qatar Airways will sign the agreement with Italy's second biggest airline in the next "few days", Chief Executive Akbar al-Baker told reporters in Dubai on Monday. The airline has been negotiating to buy a stake in Meridiana for more than year, a deal that could help the loss-making Italian carrier's ability to compete in Europe. Meridiana would operate as a full-service carrier to destinations in Europe and beyond, al-Baker said, with the airline taking delivery of 20 Boeing 737 MAXs from the second quarter of 2018. The 737s will come from a Qatar Airways order of Boeing jets announced last October. Al-Baker declined to say how much Qatar Airways would invest in the Italian carrier. Meridiana, which offers flights to and from the island of Sardinia and other destinations in Italy, is owned by the Aga Khan, a businessman and spiritual leader of the Ismaili Muslims. Qatar Airways will also apply with the Qatar Investment Authority (QIA) for a domestic Indian airline operating licence in the next few weeks, al-Baker said. The Indian carrier would be majority owned by QIA, with Qatar Airways controlling a minority interest, he said. Manufacturers Airbus, Boeing, Bombardier and Embraer would be welcome to bid for orders from the Indian carrier, al-Baker said. Qatar Airways has said it plans to operate a domestic Indian carrier with around 100 jets. The Doha-based airline also announced on Monday 12 new destinations to start in 2018, including direct flights to San Francisco in the United States. The US expansion contrasts with rival Emirates, which said this month it would cut flights on five US destinations from May due to a "significant deterioration" in bookings. This followed US President Donald Trump's attempts to restrict travel from some Muslim countries, which has hit demand from the Middle East. "We didn't have massive declines like other carriers," al-Baker said. "We will continue our expansion." The airline has seen "some decline" in passenger demand on US routes, but he said this was manageable. Qatar Airways has delayed plans to start flights to Las Vegas until the second quarter 2018, from the first quarter of that year, "mainly due to technical reasons," al-Baker said without explaining further. The airline, like Emirates and Etihad Airways, has faced more than two years of opposition in the United States led by major carriers American Airlines, United Airlines and Delta Air Lines . The three US carriers have lobbied the US government to investigate claims the Middle East rivals have received billions of dollars in state aid, which those airlines deny. "We create jobs, we buy American, We invest in the United States and I think we outweigh whatever job creation these three American carriers are doing," al-Baker said. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Qatar Airways close to Italy deal, to own minority stake in Indian airline Qatar Airways has said it plans to operate a domestic Indian carrier with around 100 jets Qatar Airways will finalise a long-negotiated agreement to buy 49 per cent of Italy's Meridiana in the coming days, and soon apply with Qatar's sovereign wealth fund to start an Indian airline. Qatar Airways will sign the agreement with Italy's second biggest airline in the next "few days", Chief Executive Akbar al-Baker told reporters in Dubai on Monday. The airline has been negotiating to buy a stake in Meridiana for more than year, a deal that could help the loss-making Italian carrier's ability to compete in Europe. Meridiana would operate as a full-service carrier to destinations in Europe and beyond, al-Baker said, with the airline taking delivery of 20 Boeing 737 MAXs from the second quarter of 2018. The 737s will come from a Qatar Airways order of Boeing jets announced last October. Al-Baker declined to say how much Qatar Airways would invest in the Italian carrier. Meridiana, which offers flights to and from the island of Sardinia and other destinations in Italy, is owned by the Aga Khan, a businessman and spiritual leader of the Ismaili Muslims. Qatar Airways will also apply with the Qatar Investment Authority (QIA) for a domestic Indian airline operating licence in the next few weeks, al-Baker said. The Indian carrier would be majority owned by QIA, with Qatar Airways controlling a minority interest, he said. Manufacturers Airbus, Boeing, Bombardier and Embraer would be welcome to bid for orders from the Indian carrier, al-Baker said. Qatar Airways has said it plans to operate a domestic Indian carrier with around 100 jets. The Doha-based airline also announced on Monday 12 new destinations to start in 2018, including direct flights to San Francisco in the United States. The US expansion contrasts with rival Emirates, which said this month it would cut flights on five US destinations from May due to a "significant deterioration" in bookings. This followed US President Donald Trump's attempts to restrict travel from some Muslim countries, which has hit demand from the Middle East. "We didn't have massive declines like other carriers," al-Baker said. "We will continue our expansion." The airline has seen "some decline" in passenger demand on US routes, but he said this was manageable. Qatar Airways has delayed plans to start flights to Las Vegas until the second quarter 2018, from the first quarter of that year, "mainly due to technical reasons," al-Baker said without explaining further. The airline, like Emirates and Etihad Airways, has faced more than two years of opposition in the United States led by major carriers American Airlines, United Airlines and Delta Air Lines . The three US carriers have lobbied the US government to investigate claims the Middle East rivals have received billions of dollars in state aid, which those airlines deny. "We create jobs, we buy American, We invest in the United States and I think we outweigh whatever job creation these three American carriers are doing," al-Baker said. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Firstpost . Tuesday, April 25, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics Mehbooba Mufti chairs crucial security meeting in Srinagar MCD Election 2017: Irrespective of results, introspection is need of the hour for AAP DMK leads shutdown in Tamil Nadu seeking drought relief package; Stalin arrested Imposing Hindi, forced birth control on North East states not a good idea, may backfire on BJP Dinakaran grilled by police for 7 hrs, accepts meeting Sukesh Chandrasekar Amit Shah to begin 15-day nationwide 'Vistaar Yatra' from Naxalbari in West Bengal Sports Zaheer Khan announces engagement with Chak De! actress Sagarika Ghatge IPL 2017: Gujarat Lions sign Irfan Pathan as replacement for injured Dwayne Bravo West Indies vs Pakistan, 1st Test: Yasir Shah's heroics give visitors a chance of victory on Day 5 Younis Khan's entry into 10,000-run club puts him on par with cricket's all-time greats IPL 2017: Washington Sundar provided balance to RPS's bowling unit in win over MI IPL 2017: Sachin Tendulkar celebrates birthday at Wankhede as thousands sing 'happy birthday' India Sukma attack LIVE: Rajnath Singh calls death of 26 CRPF men 'cold-blooded murder by Maoists' Chetan Bhagat's book Five Point Someone will now be a part of English literature syllabus at Delhi University LPG subsidy success: Modi govt's give-it-up campaign to now ask people to forego food subsidies Sadhvi Pragya Thakur gets bail in 2008 Malegaon case; Bombay HC denies co-accused Purohit's plea Damage to Yamuna floodplains: Art of Living responds to Firstpost article on NGT row India swaps 40-yr-old definition of blindness for WHO criteria: Move may allow blanket discrimination against visually impaired World French Presidential Elections 2017: Far-right candidate Marine Le Pen steps down as leader of National Front 'Mother of all Bombs' is further proof of faulty US strategy in Afghanistan over the years Afghanistan defence chief quits over Taliban attack on army base; US warns of 'another tough year' Barack Obama speaks on leadership at first event since leaving office, doesn't mention Trump Spy agencies from 'Five eyes' gather in New Zealand - PM, sources | Reuters Chile rocked by 6.9-magnitude quake; no major damage reported | Reuters Business LPG subsidy success: Modi govt's give-it-up campaign to now ask people to forego food subsidies Would Apple, IBM, Cisco have succeeded without best talent from across the world, asks Urjit Patel Fresh trouble for Sahara: Aamby Valley gets Rs 24,647 cr I-T notice, biggest tax penalty on any corporate Nasscom calls out US lies: Infy, TCS got only 8.8% H-1B visas; India accounts for less than 20% H-1B visa issue: US says 'greatly values' India's investment, wants strong economic ties Digital transactions: Aadhaar-based cashless payment for postal services under study Life What the nation wants to know: Does Arnab Goswami, or anyone else, really know? The Taj Mahal by moonlight is magic; but ASI isn't encouraging you to experience it KH Ara's art wasn't celebrated like Raza, Husain's; a new exhibition hopes to remedy that Amid the tea plantations of Jalpaiguri, West Bengal, what drives the hunt for 'witches' Feminism is not about shutting things down. It's about claiming your pleasure: Geeta Patel Charles Sobhraj, now 72, is hoping changed laws will let him walk out of a Kathmandu prison Entertainment Sagarika Ghatge has had a rollercoaster ride from Chak De! India to being Zaheer Khan's fiance Zaheer Khan announces engagement with Chak De! actress Sagarika Ghatge Sonakshi Sinha-Armaan Malik feud on Twitter; actress clarifies she isn't performing at Justin Bieber gig Aamir Khan makes exception for Lata Mangeshkar, accepts award after years for Dangal Aamir Khan attends first award show in years, gets felicitated for Dangal TVF CEO Arunabh Kumar arrested on sexual harassment charges; released on Rs 10,000 bail Photos Videos TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी IPL 2017 MCD Election You are here: Latest News Fwire News Qatar Airways closes in on Italy deal, to own minority stake in Indian airline | Reuters Qatar Airways closes in on Italy deal, to own minority stake in Indian airline | Reuters FwireReutersApr, 24 2017 21:59:26 IST #Reuters By Alexander Cornwell | DUBAI DUBAI Qatar Airways will finalise a long-negotiated agreement to buy 49 percent of Italy's Meridiana in the coming days, and soon apply with Qatar's sovereign wealth fund to start an Indian airline.Qatar Airways will sign the agreement with Italy's second biggest airline in the next "few days", Chief Executive Akbar al-Baker told reporters in Dubai on Monday.The airline has been negotiating to buy a stake in Meridiana for more than year, a deal that could help the loss-making Italian carrier's ability to compete in Europe.Meridiana would operate as a full-service carrier to destinations in Europe and beyond, al-Baker said, with the airline taking delivery of 20 Boeing 737 MAXs from the second quarter of 2018.The 737s will come from a Qatar Airways order of Boeing jets announced last October. Al-Baker declined to say how much Qatar Airways would invest in the Italian carrier.Meridiana, which offers flights to and from the island of Sardinia and other destinations in Italy, is owned by the Aga Khan, a businessman and spiritual leader of the Ismaili Muslims. Qatar Airways will also apply with the Qatar Investment Authority (QIA) for a domestic Indian airline operating licence in the next few weeks, al-Baker said.The Indian carrier would be majority owned by QIA, with Qatar Airways controlling a minority interest, he said.Manufacturers Airbus, Boeing, Bombardier and Embraer would be welcome to bid for orders from the Indian carrier, al-Baker said.Qatar Airways has said it plans to operate a domestic Indian carrier with around 100 jets. The Doha-based airline also announced on Monday 12 new destinations to start in 2018, including direct flights to San Francisco in the United States.The U.S. expansion contrasts with rival Emirates, which said this month it would cut flights on five U.S. destinations from May due to a "significant deterioration" in bookings. This followed U.S. President Donald Trump's attempts to restrict travel from some Muslim countries, which has hit demand from the Middle East."We didn't have massive declines like other carriers," al-Baker said. "We will continue our expansion." The airline has seen "some decline" in passenger demand on U.S. routes, but he said this was manageable.Qatar Airways has delayed plans to start flights to Las Vegas until the second quarter 2018, from the first quarter of that year, "mainly due to technical reasons," al-Baker said without explaining further.The airline, like Emirates and Etihad Airways, has faced more than two years of opposition in the United States led by major carriers American Airlines, United Airlines and Delta Air Lines .The three U.S. carriers have lobbied the U.S. government to investigate claims the Middle East rivals have received billions of dollars in state aid, which those airlines deny. "We create jobs, we buy American, We invest in the United States and I think we outweigh whatever job creation these three American carriers are doing," al-Baker said. (Editing by Jane Merriman) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Apr 24, 2017 09:59 pm | Updated Date: Apr 24, 2017 09:59 pm Also See Wall Street drops as geopolitical risks weigh on sentiment | Reuters Uttar Pradesh orders sugar mills to clear dues | Reuters Egypt's parliament approves three-month state of emergency - state television | Reuters India FY 2017-18 passenger vehicle sales seen up 9 percent | Reuters T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 Apr 25 RCB Vs SRH 2 Apr 26 RPS Vs KKR 3 Apr 27 RCB Vs GL 4 Apr 28 KKR Vs DD 5 Apr 28 KXIP Vs SRH Full Schedule Top Stories Sadhvi Pragya Thakur gets bail in 2008 Malegaon case; Bombay HC denies co-accused Purohit's plea Sukma Attack Cold-Blooded, Government to Review Naxal Policy: Rajnath Singh 'Mother of all Bombs' is further proof of faulty US strategy in Afghanistan over the years IPL 2017: Washington Sundar provided balance to RPS's bowling unit in win over MI How to gain from a balanced fund? Would Apple, IBM, Cisco have succeeded without best talent from across the world, asks Urjit Patel How Dadasaheb Phalke award winner K Viswanath made a mark on Telugu, Tamil and Hindi cinema Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs PNE Rising Pune Supergiant beat Mumbai Indians by 3 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL Vs BLR Kolkata Knight Riders beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 82 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs PUN Kings XI Punjab beat Gujarat Lions by 26 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs DEL Mumbai Indians beat Delhi Daredevils by 14 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE Vs HYD Rising Pune Supergiant beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 6 wickets Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI Vs PAK Live Now Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL Vs GUJ Gujarat Lions beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 4 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN Vs MUM Mumbai Indians beat Kings XI Punjab by 8 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs DEL Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Delhi Daredevils by 15 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs BLR Royal Challengers Bangalore beat Gujarat Lions by 21 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs HYD - Apr 25th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs KOL - Apr 26th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs GUJ - Apr 27th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs DEL - Apr 28th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs HYD - Apr 28th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs BLR - Apr 29th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs MUM - Apr 29th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs DEL - Apr 30th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 30th, 2017, 07:30 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD vs KOL - Apr 30th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Delhi MCD Elections 2017 South Delhi MCD Election Ward List 2017 North Delhi MCD Election Ward List 2017 East Delhi MCD Election Ward List 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Top Local Stories 5 police officers injured during massive brawl at Southland Mall in Taylor News Neighbor says home listed as Macomb County clerk's primary residence overrun with raccoons News 1 in custody after 17-year-old shot in Warren News Ari Perilstein/Getty Images for EJAF Bacterial infection forces Elton John to cancel May shows Entertainment Michigan-UDM, MSU-Oakland to reportedly play at Little Caesars Arena next basketball season Sports Solving crimes is a snap thanks to social media Defenders Suspected DUI driver charged with leading 5 police departments on chase from Royal Oak News Police believe robbery at Warren gas station could have been inside job News Date set for 'White Boy' Rick Wershe's parole board hearing Defenders News The full Donald Trump interview with the Associated Press President Trump gives lengthy interview to AP By Associated Press Posted: 12:30 PM, April 24, 2017 Updated: 12:30 PM, April 24, 2017 Pool/Getty Images WASHINGTON - President Donald Trump gave a lengthy interview to the Associated Press on Monday. Here's the full transcript: A transcript of an Oval Office interview Friday with President Donald Trump by AP White House Correspondent Julie Pace. Where the audio recording of the interview is unclear, ellipses or a notation that the recording was unintelligible are used. AP: I do want to talk to you about the 100 days. TRUMP: Good. AP: I want to ask a few questions on some topics that are happening toward the end of the interview. TRUMP: Did you see Aya (Hijazi, an Egyptian-American charity worker who had been detained in the country for nearly three years) ... AP: Can you tell me a little bit about how that came about? TRUMP: No, just — you know, I asked the government to let her out. ... TRUMP: You know Obama worked on it for three years, got zippo, zero. AP: How did you hear about this story? TRUMP: Many people, human rights people, are talking about it. It's an incredible thing, especially when you meet her. You realize — I mean, she was in a rough place. AP: Did you have to strike a deal with (Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah) el-Sissi over this? TRUMP: No. No deal. He was here. He — I said, "I really would appreciate it if you would look into this and let her out." And as you know, she went through a trial. And anyway, she was let go. And not only she, it was a total of eight people. ... ___ TRUMP: Yeah, it's funny: One of the best chemistries I had was with (German Chancellor Angela) Merkel. (Crosstalk) AP: Really? TRUMP: Chancellor Merkel. TRUMP: And I guess somebody shouted out, "Shake her hand, shake her hand," you know. But I never heard it. But I had already shaken her hand four times. You know, because we were together for a long time. AP: Did you expect you would have good chemistry with her? TRUMP: No. Because, um, I'm at odds on, you know, the NATO payments and I'm at odds on immigration. We had unbelievable chemistry. And people have given me credit for having great chemistry with all of the leaders, including el-Sissi. ... TRUMP: So it was a great thing to see that happen. ___ AP: Do you feel like you have changed the office of the presidency, how the presidency can be used to effect change? TRUMP: I think the 100 days is, you know, it's an artificial barrier. It's not very meaningful. I think I've established amazing relationships that will be used the four or eight years, whatever period of time I'm here. I think for that I would be getting very high marks because I've established great relationships with countries, as President el-Sissi has shown and others have shown. Well, if you look at the president of China, people said they've never seen anything like what's going on right now. I really liked him a lot. I think he liked me. We have a great chemistry together. ... TRUMP: I've developed great relationships with all of these leaders. Nobody's written that. In fact, they said, "Oh, well, he's not treating them nicely," because on NATO, I want them to pay up. But I still get along with them great, and they will pay up. In fact, with the Italian prime minister yesterday, you saw, we were joking, "Come on, you have to pay up, you have to pay up." He'll pay. AP: Did he say that? In your meeting? Your private meeting? TRUMP: He's going to end up paying. But you know, nobody ever asked the question. Nobody asked. Nobody ever asked him to pay up. So it's a different kind of a presidency. AP: Do you feel like that's one thing that you've changed, that you maybe are actually asking the direct questions about some of these things? TRUMP: Yeah. Let me give me an example. A little before I took office there was a terrible article about the F-35 fighter jet. It was hundreds of billions of dollars over budget. It was seven years behind schedule. It was a disaster. So I called in Lockheed and I said, "I'm sorry, we're going to have to bid this out to another company, namely Boeing," or whoever else. But Boeing. And I called in Boeing and I started getting competing offers back and forth. ... TRUMP: I saved $725 million on the 90 planes. Just 90. Now there are 3,000 planes that are going to be ordered. On 90 planes I saved $725 million. It's actually a little bit more than that, but it's $725 million. Gen. Mattis, who had to sign the deal when it came to his office, said, "I've never seen anything like this in my life." We went from a company that wanted more money for the planes to a company that cut. And the reason they cut — same planes, same everything — was because of me. I mean, because that's what I do. TRUMP: Now if you multiply that times 3,000 planes, you know this is on 90 planes. In fact, when the Prime Minister (Shinzo) Abe of Japan came in because they bought a certain number of those ... The first thing he said to me, because it was right at the time I did it, he said, "Could I thank you?" I said, "What?" He said, "You saved us $100 million." Because they got a $100 million savings on the 10 or 12 planes that they (bought). Nobody wrote that story. Now you know that's a saving of billions and billions of dollars, many billions of dollars over the course of — it's between 2,500 and 3,000 planes will be the final order. But this was only 90 of those 2,500 planes. AP: And you expect those savings to carry out across that full order? TRUMP: More. I'm gonna get more than that. This was a thing that was out of control and now it's great. And the woman that runs Lockheed, Marillyn (Hewson), she was great. But all of a sudden it was a different kind of a thing. You know? ___ AP: Do you feel like you've been able to apply that kind of a relationship to your dealings with Congress as well? TRUMP: I have great relationships with Congress. I think we're doing very well and I think we have a great foundation for future things. We're going to be applying, I shouldn't tell you this, but we're going to be announcing, probably on Wednesday, tax reform. And it's — we've worked on it long and hard. And you've got to understand, I've only been here now 93 days, 92 days. President Obama took 17 months to do Obamacare. I've been here 92 days but I've only been working on the health care, you know I had to get like a little bit of grounding right? Health care started after 30 day(s), so I've been working on health care for 60 days. ...You know, we're very close. And it's a great plan, you know, we have to get it approved. AP: Is it this deal that's between the Tuesday Group and the Freedom Caucus, is that the deal you're looking at? TRUMP: So the Republican Party has various groups, all great people. They're great people. But some are moderate, some are very conservative. The Democrats don't seem to have that nearly as much. You know the Democrats have, they don't have that. The Republicans do have that. And I think it's fine. But you know there's a pretty vast area in there. And I have a great relationship with all of them. Now, we have government not closing. I think we'll be in great shape on that. It's going very well. Obviously, that takes precedent. AP: That takes precedent over health care? For next week? TRUMP: Yeah, sure. Next week. Because the hundred days is just an artificial barrier. The press keeps talking about the hundred days. But we've done a lot. You have a list of things. I don't have to read it. ___ AP: You did put out though, as a candidate, you put out a 100-day plan. Do you feel like you should be held accountable to that plan? TRUMP: Somebody, yeah, somebody put out the concept of a hundred-day plan. But yeah. Well, I'm mostly there on most items. Go over the items, and I'll talk to you ... (Crosstalk.) TRUMP: But things change. There has to be flexibility. Let me give you an example. President Xi, we have a, like, a really great relationship. For me to call him a currency manipulator and then say, "By the way, I'd like you to solve the North Korean problem," doesn't work. So you have to have a certain flexibility, Number One. Number Two, from the time I took office till now, you know, it's a very exact thing. It's not like generalities. Do you want a Coke or anything? AP: I'm OK, thank you. No. ... TRUMP: But President Xi, from the time I took office, he has not, they have not been currency manipulators. Because there's a certain respect because he knew I would do something or whatever. But more importantly than him not being a currency manipulator the bigger picture, bigger than even currency manipulation, if he's helping us with North Korea, with nuclear and all of the things that go along with it, who would call, what am I going to do, say, "By the way, would you help us with North Korea? And also, you're a currency manipulator." It doesn't work that way. AP: Right. TRUMP: And the media, some of them get it, in all fairness. But you know some of them either don't get it, in which case they're very stupid people, or they just don't want to say it. You know because of a couple of them said, "He didn't call them a currency manipulator." Well, for two reasons. Number One, he's not, since my time. You know, very specific formula. You would think it's like generalities, it's not. They have — they've actually — their currency's gone up. So it's a very, very specific formula. And I said, "How badly have they been," ... they said, "Since you got to office they have not manipulated their currency." That's Number One, but much more important, they are working with us on North Korea. Now maybe that'll work out or maybe it won't. Can you imagine? ... AP: So in terms of the 100-day plan that you did put out during the campaign, do you feel, though, that people should hold you accountable to this in terms of judging success? TRUMP: No, because much of the foundation's been laid. Things came up. I'll give you an example. I didn't put Supreme Court judge on the 100 (day) plan, and I got a Supreme Court judge. AP: I think it's on there. TRUMP: I don't know. ... AP: "Begin the process of selecting." You actually exceeded on this one. This says, "Begin the process of selecting a replacement." TRUMP: That's the biggest thing I've done. AP: Do you consider that your biggest success? TRUMP: Well, I — first of all I think he's a great man. I think he will be a great, great justice of the Supreme Court. I have always heard that the selection and the affirmation of a Supreme Court judge is the biggest thing a president can do. Don't forget, he could be there for 40 years. ... He's a young man. I've always heard that that's the biggest thing. Now, I would say that defense is the biggest thing. You know, to be honest, there are a number of things. But I've always heard that the highest calling is the nomination of a Supreme Court justice. I've done one in my first 70 days. TRUMP: Our military is so proud. They were not proud at all. They had their heads down. Now they have their heads up. ... TRUMP: I'm rebuilding the military. We have great people. We have great things in place. We have tremendous borders. I mention the F-35 because if I can save $725 million — look at that, that's a massive amount of money. And I'll save more as we make more planes. If I can save that on a small number of planes — Gen. (Jim) Mattis (the defense secretary) said, "I've never seen anything like this," because he had to sign the ultimate (unintelligible) ... He had to sign the ultimate, you know. He said, "I've never seen anything like this before, as long as I've been in the military." You know, that kind of cutting. AP: Right. TRUMP: Now, if I can do that (unintelligible) ... As an example, the aircraft carriers, billions of dollars, the Gerald Ford, billions and billions over budget. That won't happen. AP: Is that something you're going to take on? TRUMP: (unintelligible) But as we order the other ones, because they want to order 12, the other ones are going to come in much less expensive. ... ___ AP: Can I ask you, over your first 100 days — you're not quite there yet — how do you feel like the office has changed you? TRUMP: Well the one thing I would say — and I say this to people — I never realized how big it was. Everything's so (unintelligible) like, you know the orders are so massive. I was talking to — AP: You mean the responsibility of it, or do you mean — TRUMP: Number One, there's great responsibility. When it came time to, as an example, send out the 59 missiles, the Tomahawks in Syria. I'm saying to myself, "You know, this is more than just like, 79 (sic) missiles. This is death that's involved," because people could have been killed. This is risk that's involved, because if the missile goes off and goes in a city or goes in a civilian area — you know, the boats were hundreds of miles away — and if this missile goes off and lands in the middle of a town or a hamlet .... every decision is much harder than you'd normally make. (unintelligible) ... This is involving death and life and so many things. ... So it's far more responsibility. (unintelligible) ....The financial cost of everything is so massive, every agency. This is thousands of times bigger, the United States, than the biggest company in the world. The second-largest company in the world is the Defense Department. The third-largest company in the world is Social Security. The fourth-largest — you know, you go down the list. AP: Right. TRUMP. It's massive. And every agency is, like, bigger than any company. So you know, I really just see the bigness of it all, but also the responsibility. And the human responsibility. You know, the human life that's involved in some of the decisions. ___ AP: You've talked a little bit about the way that you've brought some business skills into the office. Is there anything from your business background that just doesn't translate into the presidency, that just simply is not applicable to this job? TRUMP: Well in business, you don't necessarily need heart, whereas here, almost everything affects people. So if you're talking about health care — you have health care in business but you're trying to just negotiate a good price on health care, et cetera, et cetera. You're providing health. This is (unintelligible). Here, everything, pretty much everything you do in government, involves heart, whereas in business, most things don't involve heart. AP: What's that switch been like for you? TRUMP: In fact, in business you're actually better off without it. AP: What's making that switch been like for you? TRUMP: You have to love people. And if you love people, such a big responsibility. (unintelligible) You can take any single thing, including even taxes. I mean we're going to be doing major tax reform. Here's part of your story, it's going to be a big (unintelligible). Everybody's saying, "Oh, he's delaying." I'm not delaying anything. I'll tell you the other thing is (unintelligible). I used to get great press. I get the worst press. I get such dishonest reporting with the media. That's another thing that really has — I've never had anything like it before. It happened during the primaries, and I said, you know, when I won, I said, "Well the one thing good is now I'll get good press." And it got worse. (unintelligible) So that was one thing that a little bit of a surprise to me. I thought the press would become better, and it actually, in my opinion, got more nasty. ___ AP: But in terms of tax reform, how are you going to roll that out next week? TRUMP: Well I'm going to roll (out) probably on Wednesday, around Wednesday of next week, we're putting out a massive tax reform — business and for people — we want to do both. We've been working on it (unintelligible). Secretary Mnuchin is a very talented person, very smart. Very successful (unintelligible). ... We're going to be putting that out on Wednesday or shortly thereafter. Let me leave a little room just in case (unintelligible). ... And that's a big story, because a lot of people think I'm going to put it out much later. AP: Do you have any details on that in terms of rates? TRUMP: Only in terms that it will be a massive tax cut. It will be bigger, I believe, than any tax cut ever. Maybe the biggest tax cut we've ever had. ... ___ AP: Obviously, that's going to come in a week where you're going to be running up against the deadline for keeping the government open. If you get a bill on your desk that does not include funding for the wall, will you sign it? TRUMP: I don't know yet. People want the border wall. My base definitely wants the border wall, my base really wants it — you've been to many of the rallies. OK, the thing they want more than anything is the wall. My base, which is a big base; I think my base is 45 percent. You know, it's funny. The Democrats, they have a big advantage in the electoral college. Big, big, big advantage. I've always said the popular vote would be a lot easier than the electoral college. The electoral college — but it's a whole different campaign (unintelligible). The electoral college is very difficult for a Republican to win, and I will tell you, the people want to see it. They want to see the wall, they want to see security. Now, it just came out that they're 73 percent down. ... That's a tremendous achievement. ... Look at this, in 100 days, that down to the lowest in 17 years and it's going lower. Now, people aren't coming because they know they're not going to get through, and there isn't crime. You know the migration up to the border is horrible for women, you know that? (Unintelligible.) Now, much of that's stopped because they can't get through. AP: It sounds like maybe you're beginning to send a message that if you do get a spending bill that doesn't have border funding in there, you would sign it. TRUMP: Well, first of all, the wall will cost much less than the numbers I'm seeing. I'm seeing numbers, I mean, this wall is not going to be that expensive. AP: What do you think the estimate on it would be? TRUMP: Oh I'm seeing numbers — $24 billion, I think I'll do it for $10 billion or less. That's not a lot of money relative to what we're talking about. If we stop 1 percent of the drugs from coming in — and we'll stop all of it. But if we stop 1 percent of the drugs because we have the wall — they're coming around in certain areas, but if you have a wall, they can't do it because it's a real wall. That's a tremendously good investment, 1 percent. The drugs pouring through on the southern border are unbelievable. We're becoming a drug culture, there's so much. And most of it's coming from the southern border. The wall will stop the drugs. AP: But, just trying to nail you down on it one more time, will you sign a spending bill if it doesn't have — TRUMP: I don't want to comment. I just don't know yet. I mean, I have to see what's going on. I really do. But the wall's a very important thing to — not only my base, but to the people. And even if it wasn't, I mean I'll do things that aren't necessarily popular. ... The wall is very important to stopping drugs. AP: If you don't have a funding stream, your message to your base is what? TRUMP: My base understands the wall is going to get built, whether I have it funded here or if I get it funded shortly thereafter, that wall's getting built, OK? One hundred percent. One hundred percent it's getting built. And it's also getting built for much less money — I hope you get this — than these people are estimating. The opponents are talking $25 billion for the wall. It's not going to cost anywhere near that. AP: You think $10 billion or less. TRUMP: I think $10 billion or less. And if I do a super-duper, higher, better, better security, everything else, maybe it goes a little bit more. But it's not going to be anywhere near (those) kind of numbers. And they're using those numbers; they're using the high numbers to make it sound impalatable (sic). And the fact it's going to cost much less money, just like the airplane I told you about, which I hope you can write about. ___ (Off-the-record discussion.) ___ TRUMP: They had a quote from me that NATO's obsolete. But they didn't say why it was obsolete. I was on Wolf Blitzer, very fair interview, the first time I was ever asked about NATO, because I wasn't in government. People don't go around asking about NATO if I'm building a building in Manhattan, right? So they asked me, Wolf ... asked me about NATO, and I said two things. NATO's obsolete — not knowing much about NATO, now I know a lot about NATO — NATO is obsolete, and I said, "And the reason it's obsolete is because of the fact they don't focus on terrorism." You know, back when they did NATO there was no such thing as terrorism. AP: What specifically has NATO changed? TRUMP: (Cites Wall Street Journal article) ... I did an interview with Wolf Blitzer, and I said NATO was obsolete — I said two things — obsolete, and the country's aren't paying. I was right about both. I took such heat for about three days on both, because nobody ever criticized NATO. I took heat like you wouldn't believe. And then some expert on NATO said, "You know, Trump is right." But I said it was obsolete because they weren't focused on terror. ... It's not fair that we're paying close to 4 percent and other countries that are more directly affected are paying 1 percent when they're supposed to be paying 2 percent. And I'm very strong on it and I'm going to be very strong on it when I go there in a month." __ AP: This morning you tweeted that after the possible terrorist attack in Paris, that it will have a big effect on the upcoming French election. What did you mean by that? TRUMP: Well, I think it will have a big effect on who people are going to vote for in the election. AP: Do you think it's going to help Marine Le Pen? TRUMP: I think so. AP: Do you believe that she should be the president? TRUMP: No, I have no comment on that, but I think that it'll probably help her because she is the strongest on borders and she is the strongest on what's been going on in France. AP: Do you worry at all that by saying that, that a terrorist attack would have an impact on a democratic election, that it would actually embolden terrorists to try to —. TRUMP: No. Look, everybody is making predictions who is going to win. I am no different than you, you could say the same thing. ... AP: I just wonder if you are encouraging, you are the president of the United States, so to say that you worry that it encourages terrorists ... TRUMP: No, I am no different than — no, I think it discourages terrorists, I think it discourages. I think what we've done on the border discourages it. I think that my stance on having people come in to this country that we have no idea who they are and in certain cases you will have radical Islamic terrorism. I'm not going to have it in this country. I'm not going to let what happened to France and other places happen here. And it's already largely, you know — we have tens — we have hundreds of thousands of people that have been allowed into our country that should not be here. They shouldn't be here. We have people allowed into our country with no documentation whatsoever. They have no documentation and they were allowed under the previous administrations, they were allowed into our country. It's a big mistake. AP: Just so that I am clear. You are not endorsing her for the office, but you are — TRUMP: I am not endorsing her and I didn't mention her name. AP: Right, I just wanted to make sure I have that clear. TRUMP: I believe whoever is the toughest on radical Islamic terrorism and whoever is the toughest at the borders will do well at the election. I am not saying that person is going to win, she is not even favored to win, you know. Right now, she is in second place. ___ AP: I have a question on the markets, actually. One thing that I think has been different about this White House is that you do point to the markets as a sign of progress. Do you worry, though — I mean, the markets go up and down. TRUMP: You live by the sword, you die by the sword, to a certain extent. But we create a lot of jobs, 500,000 jobs as of two months ago, and plenty created since. Five hundred thousand. ... As an example, Ford, General Motors. I've had cases where the gentleman from China, Ma, Jack Ma (chairman of Alibaba Group), he comes up, he says, "Only because of you am I making this massive investment." Intel, only because of you. ... The press never writes that. ___ AP: What about NAFTA? What's the plan on NAFTA? TRUMP: What would you like to know? AP: I would like to know what your plan is in terms of renegotiating. TRUMP: I am very upset with NAFTA. I think NAFTA has been a catastrophic trade deal for the United States, trading agreement for the United States. It hurts us with Canada, and it hurts us with Mexico. Most people don't even think of NAFTA in terms of Canada. You saw what happened yesterday in my statements, because if you look at the dairy farmers in Wisconsin and upstate New York, they are getting killed by NAFTA. AP: Is your plan still, though, to renegotiate the whole deal? TRUMP: I am going to either renegotiate it or I am going to terminate it. AP: Termination is still on the table. TRUMP: Absolutely. If they don't treat fairly, I am terminating NAFTA. AP: What's a timeline for that decision? TRUMP: It's a six-month termination clause, I have the right to do it, it's a six-month clause. ___ AP: If I could fit a couple of more topics. Jeff Sessions, your attorney general, is taking a tougher line suddenly on Julian Assange, saying that arresting him is a priority. You were supportive of what WikiLeaks was doing during the campaign with the release of the Clinton emails. Do you think that arresting Assange is a priority for the United States? TRUMP: When Wikileaks came out ... never heard of Wikileaks, never heard of it. When Wikileaks came out, all I was just saying is, "Well, look at all this information here, this is pretty good stuff." You know, they tried to hack the Republican, the RNC, but we had good defenses. They didn't have defenses, which is pretty bad management. But we had good defenses, they tried to hack both of them. They weren't able to get through to Republicans. No, I found it very interesting when I read this stuff and I said, "Wow." It was just a figure of speech. I said, "Well, look at this. It's good reading." AP: But that didn't mean that you supported what Assange is doing? TRUMP: No, I don't support or unsupport. It was just information. They shouldn't have allowed it to get out. If they had the proper defensive devices on their internet, you know, equipment, they wouldn't even allow the FBI. How about this — they get hacked, and the FBI goes to see them, and they won't let the FBI see their server. But do you understand, nobody ever writes it. Why wouldn't (former Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John) Podesta and Hillary Clinton allow the FBI to see the server? They brought in another company that I hear is Ukrainian-based. AP: CrowdStrike? TRUMP: That's what I heard. I heard it's owned by a very rich Ukrainian, that's what I heard. But they brought in another company to investigate the server. Why didn't they allow the FBI in to investigate the server? I mean, there is so many things that nobody writes about. It's incredible. AP: Can I just ask you, though — do you believe it is a priority for the United States, or it should be a priority, to arrest Julian Assange? TRUMP: I am not involved in that decision, but if Jeff Sessions wants to do it, it's OK with me. I didn't know about that decision, but if they want to do it, it's OK with me. ___ AP: On Iran, which is another thing you talked a lot on the campaign — TRUMP: And the other thing that we should go after is the leakers. ... AP: On Iran, you also talked about it quite a bit on the campaign trail. And you said in the press conference yesterday that you think that Iran is violating the spirit of the agreement. When you say that, do you mean in terms of the actual nuclear accord, or do you mean what they are doing in the region? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing all over the Middle East and beyond. AP: So you believe that they are complying with the agreement? TRUMP: No, I don't say that. I say that I believe they have broken the spirit of the agreement. There is a spirit to agreements, and they have broken it. AP: In terms of what they are doing elsewhere in the Middle East? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing of all over. AP: When you talk to European leaders, when you talk to Merkel, for example, or Teresa May, what do they say about the nuclear deal? Do they want you to stay in that deal? TRUMP: I don't talk to them about it. AP: You don't talk to them about the Iran deal? TRUMP: I mention it, but it's very personal when I talk to them, you know, it's confidential. No, they have their own opinions. I don't say that they are different than my opinions, but I'd rather have you ask them that question. AP: At this point, do you believe that you will stay in the nuclear deal? TRUMP: It's possible that we won't. ___ AP: Dreamers, you've talked about them, you've talked about heart earlier. This is one area where you have talked — TRUMP: No, we aren't looking to do anything right now. Look, the dreamers ... this is an interesting case, they left and they came back and he's got some problems, it's a little different than the dreamer case, right? But we are putting MS-13 in jail and getting them the hell out of our country. They've taken over towns and cities and we are being really brutal with MS-13, and that's what we should be. They are a bad group, and somebody said they are as bad as al-Qaida, which is a hell of a reference. So we are moving criminals out of our country and we are getting them out in record numbers and those are the people we are after. We are not after the dreamers, we are after the criminals. AP: And that's going to be the policy of your administration to allow the dreamers to stay? TRUMP: Yes. Yes. That's our policy. I am not saying ... long-term, we are going to have to fix the problem, the whole immigration problem. But I will tell you: Right now we have a great gentleman, one of my real stars is Gen. (John) Kelly, now (Homeland Security) Secretary Kelly. We are down 73 percent at the border, we are cleaning out cities and towns of hard-line criminals, some of the worst people on earth, people that rape and kill women, people that are killing people just for the sake of having fun. They are being thrown in jails and they are being ... all over the country and nobody's ever done it like us, so we are being unbelievably thorough with that. We are out in Long Island cleaning out the MS-13 scum, they are all scum, that's probably the worst gang anywhere on Earth. ... AP: A lot of the dreamers have been hoping to hear something from you. I don't want to give them the wrong message with this. TRUMP: Here is what they can hear: The dreamers should rest easy. OK? I'll give you that. The dreamers should rest easy. ... ___ (An aide talks about the president's address to Congress.) TRUMP: A lot of the people have said that, some people said it was the single best speech ever made in that chamber. AP: You seem like you enjoyed it. TRUMP: I did. I did. I believed in it and I enjoyed it. It was a great feeling to introduce the wife of a great young soldier who died getting us very valuable information. Have you seen the tremendous success? ... That's another thing that nobody talks about. Have you seen the tremendous success we've had in the Middle East with the ISIS (an abbreviation for the Islamic State group)? When (current Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al) Abadi left from Iraq, he said Trump has more success in eight weeks than Obama had in eight years. ... We have had tremendous success, but we don't talk about it. We don't talk about it. AP: Do you mean you don't talk about it personally because you don't want to talk about it? TRUMP: I don't talk about it. No. And the generals don't talk about it. ___ AP: You had put a request into the Pentagon to put forward an ISIS plan within 30 days. I know they have sent that over. Have you accepted a plan? Are you moving forward on a strategy? TRUMP: We have a very strong plan, but we cannot talk about it, Julie. AP: So you have decided on a plan? TRUMP: Remember how many times have you been to the speech where I talked about Mosul. AP: Right. TRUMP. Right. Mosul. Four months we are going in, three months. We are still fighting Mosul. You know why? Because they were prepared. If we would have gone in and just done it, it would have been over three months ago. AP: Can you say generally what the strategy is? Should people — TRUMP: Generally is we have got to get rid of ISIS. We have no choice. And other terrorist organizations. AP: Should Americans who are serving in the military expect that you are going to increase troop numbers in the Middle East to fight ISIS? TRUMP: No, not much. AP: In terms of the strategy, though, that you have accepted, it sounds like, from the generals — TRUMP: Well, they've also accepted my strategy. AP: Does that involve more troops on the ground, it sounds like? TRUMP: Not many. AP: So a small increase? TRUMP: It could be an increase, then an increase. But not many more. I want to do the job, but not many more. ... This is an important story. I've done a lot. I've done more than any other president in the first 100 days and I think the first 100 days is an artificial barrier. And I'm scheduled ... the foundations have been set to do some great things. With foreign countries. Look at, look at President Xi. I mean ... AP: What do you think it was about your chemistry? TRUMP: We had good chemistry. Now I don't know that I think that's going to produce results but you've got a good chance. AP: Uh-huh. TRUMP: Look, he turned down many coal ships. These massive coal ships are coming where they get a lot of their income. They're coming into China and they're being turned away. That's never happened before. The fuel, the oil, so many different things. You saw the editorial they had in their paper saying they cannot be allowed to have nuclear, you know, et cetera. People have said they've never seen this ever before in China. We have the same relationship with others. There's a great foundation that's built. Great foundation. And I think it's going to produce tremendous results for our country. ___ AP: One more 100 days question. TRUMP: That's fine. AP: ... is do you think you have the right team in place for your next 100 days? TRUMP: Yes. I think my team has been, well, I have different teams. I think my military team has been treated with great respect. As they should be. I think my other team hasn't been treated with the respect that they should get. We have some very talented people, and very diverse people. AP: Do you mean your White House team when you say that? TRUMP: Yeah, my White House team. I think Reince (Priebus) has been doing an excellent job. I think that, you know, this is a very tough environment not caused necessarily by me. Although the election has, you know, look, the Democrats had a tremendous opportunity because the electoral college, as I said, is so skewed to them. You start off by losing in New York and California, no matter who it is. If, if Abe Lincoln came back to life, he would lose New York and he would lose California. It's just the registration, there's nothing you can do. So you're losing the two biggest states, that's where you start. OK. The Electoral College is so skewed in favor of a Democrat that it's very, very hard. Look at Obama's number in the Electoral College. His numbers on the win were ... but the Electoral College numbers were massive. You lose New York, you lose Illinois. Illinois is impossible to win. And you look at, so now you lose New York, Illinois, no matter what you do, and California. Right. And you say, man. Now you have to win Florida, you have to win Ohio, you have to win North Carolina. You have to win all these states, and then I won Wisconsin and Michigan and all of these other places, but you remember there was no way to, there was no way to 270. AP: Right. TRUMP: So she had this massive advantage, she spent hundreds of millions of dollars more money than I spent. Hundreds of millions ... Yeah. Or more, actually because we were $375 she was at $2.2 billion. But whatever. She spent massive amounts of money more and she lost. Solidly lost, because you know it wasn't 270, it was 306. So there's anger. But there was massive anger before I got there, so it's not easy for a White House staff to realize that you are going into a situation where you are going to be at no, where are going to get no votes. I mean, here's a judge who is No. 1 at Columbia, No. 1 at Harvard and an Oxford scholar. And he got three votes. AP: Three Democratic votes, but yeah. TRUMP: Three Democratic votes. OK. He's an Oxford scholar at the highest level. The No. 1, you know, one of the great academics, one of the great writers. No bad decisions with all ... nothing. He's like a ... AP: Do you think that you can break through that? I mean this — TRUMP: Yeah, I do. AP: Is one of the biggest challenges for a president. TRUMP: I think (I) can to an extent. But there's a, there's a basic hard-line core that you can't break though, OK, that you can't break through. There's a hard-line group you can't break through, you can't. It's sad. You can't. Look, I met with Congressman Cummings and I really liked him, a lot. Elijah Cummings (of Maryland). I really liked him a lot. And during the conversation because we have a very strong mutual feeling on drug prices. He came to see me, at my invitation, because I saw him talking about, he came to see me about drug prices because drug prices are ridiculous. And I am going to get them way, way, way down and he liked that. He said you will be the greatest president. He said you will be, in front of five, six people, he said you will be the greatest president in the history of this country. AP: He disputed that slightly. TRUMP: That's what he said. I mean, what can I tell you? AP: Yeah. TRUMP: There's six people sitting here. What did he, what, what do you mean by slightly? AP: He said, he said that he felt like you could be a great president if and then — TRUMP: Well he said, you'll be the greatest president in the history of, but you know what, I'll take that also, but that you could be. But he said, will be the greatest president but I would also accept the other. In other words, if you do your job, but I accept that. Then I watched him interviewed and it was like he never even was here. It's incredible. I watched him interviewed a week later and it's like he was never in my office. And you can even say that. ___ AP: And that's one of the difficulties I think presidents have had is that you can have these personal relationships with people from the other party, but then it's hard to actually change how people vote or change how people — TRUMP: No I have, it's interesting, I have, seem to get very high ratings. I definitely. You know Chris Wallace had 9.2 million people, it's the highest in the history of the show. I have all the ratings for all those morning shows. When I go, they go double, triple. Chris Wallace, look back during the Army-Navy football game, I did his show that morning. AP: I remember, right. TRUMP: It had 9.2 million people. It's the highest they've ever had. On any, on air, (CBS "Face the Nation" host John) Dickerson had 5.2 million people. It's the highest for "Face the Nation" or as I call it, "Deface the Nation." It's the highest for "Deface the Nation" since the World Trade Center. Since the World Trade Center came down. It's a tremendous advantage. I have learned one thing, because I get treated very unfairly, that's what I call it, the fake media. And the fake media is not all of the media. You know they tried to say that the fake media was all the, no. The fake media is some of you. I could tell you who it is, 100 percent. Sometimes you're fake, but — but the fake media is some of the media. It bears no relationship to the truth. It's not that Fox treats me well, it's that Fox is the most accurate. AP: Do you believe that? That Fox — TRUMP: I do. I get treated so badly. Yesterday, about the thing, you know when I said it's a terrorism ... it may be. I said it may be a terrorist attack and MSNBC, I heard, went crazy, "He called it a terrorist attack." They thought it was a bank robbery. By the way, I'm 10-0 for that. I've called every one of them. Every time they said I called it way too early and then it turns out I'm ... Whatever. Whatever. In the meantime, I'm here and they're not. ___ AP: Do you feel that one of the things with cable is there's such real-time reaction with everything you say? TRUMP: Yeah. AP: Can you separate that sometimes from that actual decision? TRUMP: The one thing — AP: That you have to do — TRUMP: OK. The one thing I've learned to do that I never thought I had the ability to do. I don't watch CNN anymore. AP: You just said you did. TRUMP: No. No, I, if I'm passing it, what did I just say (inaudible)? AP: You just said — TRUMP: Where? Where? AP: Two minutes ago. TRUMP: No, they treat me so badly. No, I just said that. No, I, what'd I say, I stopped watching them. But I don't watch CNN anymore. I don't watch MSNBC. I don't watch it. Now I heard yesterday that MSNBC, you know, they tell me what's going on. AP: Right. TRUMP: In fact, they also did. I never thought I had the ability to not watch. Like, people think I watch (MSNBC's) "Morning Joe." I don't watch "Morning Joe." I never thought I had the ability to, and who used to treat me great by the way, when I played the game. I never thought I had the ability to not watch what is unpleasant, if it's about me. Or pleasant. But when I see it's such false reporting and such bad reporting and false reporting that I've developed an ability that I never thought I had. I don't watch things that are unpleasant. I just don't watch them. AP: And do you feel like that's, that's because of the office that you now occupy — TRUMP: No. AP: That you've made that change? TRUMP: I don't know why it is, but I've developed that ability, and it's happened over the last, over the last year. AP: That's interesting. TRUMP: And I don't watch things that I know are going to be unpleasant. CNN has covered me unfairly and incorrectly and I don't watch them anymore. A lot of people don't watch them anymore, they're now in third place. But I've created something where people are watching ... but I don't watch CNN anymore. I don't watch MSNBC anymore. I don't watch things, and I never thought I had that ability. I always thought I'd watch. AP: Sure. TRUMP: I just don't. And that's taken place over the last year. And you know what that is, that's a great, it's a great thing because you leave, you leave for work in the morning you know, you're, you don't watch this total negativity. I never thought I'd be able to do that and for me, it's so easy to do now. Just don't watch. AP: That's interesting. TRUMP: Maybe it's because I'm here. I don't know. Copyright 2017 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved. Top Stories 5 police officers injured during massive brawl at Southland Mall in Taylor Neighbor says home listed as Macomb County clerk's primary residence… 1 in custody after 17-year-old shot in Warren Ari Perilstein/Getty Images for EJAF Bacterial infection forces Elton John to cancel May shows Michigan-UDM, MSU-Oakland to reportedly play at Little Caesars Arena… Latest Videos Solving crimes is a snap thanks to social media 5 police officers injured during massive brawl at Southland Mall in Taylor 1 in custody after 17-year-old shot in Warren Metro Detroit weather: Temperatures increase through midweek U.S. and World News Fresno Police Department via CNN Fresno hate crime suspect describes anger toward white men WZTV via CNN Kidnapped teen withdrawn, jittery, family says Ferre' Dollar/CNN Female genital mutilation procedure 'hurted a lot,' child says White House via CNN Trump administration full of mixed messages ahead of shutdown fight Arkansas Dept of Correction via CNN Arkansas' executes 2 men in one night Trending https://www.clickondetroit.com
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The Best Aerospace Stocks to Buy in 2017 United Technologies and Ducommun are good value stocks in the aerospace sector. Lee Samaha (TMFSaintGermain) Apr 24, 2017 at 11:03AM A combination of multiyear backlogs at Boeing (NYSE:BA) and Airbus (NASDAQOTH:EADSY), and projections from industry bodies like the International Air Transport Association (IATA) for long-term passenger growth of 3.7%, make the aerospace sector very attractive for investors. I think large cap United Technologies Corporation (NYSE:UTX) and small cap Ducommun Incorporated (NYSE:DCO) are worthy investment candidates; here's why. Opportunities, but also challenges First up, it's worth noting that United Technologies and Ducommun are both Boeing and Airbus suppliers, so the shifts in production patterns at both aircraft manufacturers have a profound effect on both companies' prospects -- a point I will return to later . Based on Boeing's planned deliveries of 760 to 765 aircraft deliveries in 2017, the company's backlog of 5,744 means it has roughly 7.5 years' worth of backlog on its books. Moreover, more passengers usually mean more miles flown and more aftermarket revenue -- all good news for aerospace companies. Or is it? In the long term, it's good news. But investors should be aware that as suppliers shift from work on legacy aircraft such as the Boeing 777 onto new aircraft platforms such as the Boeing 777X or the Airbus A320neo, there will be some transitional difficulties. As you can see in the chart below, operating-income performance has been varied in recent years: UTX Operating Income (TTM) data by YCharts. But here's the thing: Both companies have taken significant steps to position themselves for long-term growth. And on the basis of forward enterprise value (market cap plus net debt) to earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), they trade at a discount to the leading players in the aerospace industry: UTX EV to EBITDA (Forward) data by YCharts. United Technologies United Technologies subsidiaries Pratt & Whitney and UTC Aerospace Systems together contributed 43% of overall company segmental operating profit in 2016, but profit growth was held back by two factors: a negative impact on margin due to the mix of commercial original-equipment (OE) sales, and the production ramp on Pratt & Whitney's new geared turbofan (GTF) engine -- an engine which has around 50% market share of Airbus A320neo engine sales.  As aerospace systems shift from products on legacy aircraft (which tend to be higher-margin) to those on newer aircraft (which tend to be lower-margin initially) there will be a near-term drop in margin on commercial OE equipment sales. An Airbus A320neo powered by a Pratt & Whitney geared turbofan engine. Image source: United Technologies Corporation. Meanwhile, GTF cost per unit is expected to decline as production is ramped up from around 150 in 2016 to a range of 350 to 400 in 2017, and CFO Akhil Johri expects negative engine margin (losses taken on engine sales before aftermarket, maintenance, and service revenue kick in) to peak at $1 billion in 2018. As you can see below, management forecasts that adjusted operating-profit growth for both segments in 2017 will also be negatively impacted: Company Estimates for 2017 Change in Adjusted Operating Profit: Segment/Metric Pratt & Whitney UTC Aerospace Systems Commercial OE mix ($350 million) ($350 million) to ($325 million) Commercial aftermarket $50 million to $75 million $75 million to $100 million* Product-cost reduction N/A $250 million Military $50 million to $75 million N/A* Pension, and research and development $35 million $50 million 2016 contract agreements/other ($110 million) N/A Expectations for 2017 in constant currency ($325 million) to ($275 million) $25 million to $75 million Data source: United Technologies investor presentations. *UTC Aerospace Systems' commercial aftermarket includes military. However, these earnings headwinds aren't permanent. In the long term, United Technologies should see these things happen: Aerospace systems cost reductions will increase as the production of goods for newer aircraft increases. Aftermarket sales will grow due to establishing OE sales on aircraft. GTF production costs per unit will be reduced, and negative engine margin will be reduced. Around 80% of the GTFs are being sold under a fleet-care arrangement, thus ensuring long-term revenue for United Technologies. All told, once the company passes this period of transition, aerospace-related profits should grow strongly. Given that the stock trades at a discount to its peers, it looks like a good value. Ducommun Incorporated Investors looking for a small-cap option might like Ducommun. The company generates half of its revenue from structural systems, including such diverse items as cargo doors, winglets, tail cones, and exhaust ducts. The other half comes from electronic systems, such as cables and wiring, circuit-board solutions, and integrated electronic solutions. At the end of 2016, around 53% of Ducommun's backlog was in commercial aerospace, with 43% in military and space. However, it's the former that makes Ducommun exciting. Management expects long-term growth of 4% to 6% from its positions on aircraft such as the Boeing 737, 737 MAX, and 787 Dreamliner, and the Airbus A320, A320neo, A330, and A350, while military and space sales (Black Hawk helicopters, Tomahawk missiles) are expected to grow 0% to 2% in the long term. Ducommun makes winglets for aircraft. Image source: Getty Images.  Moreover, Ducommun -- like United Technologies -- is also in transition. In the last year or so, management has aggressively restructured the company in order to prepare for future aerospace growth: In late 2015, it closed an operation in Houston. In early 2016, management reduced the company's exposure to industrial end markets via the $38.5 million divestiture of an operation in Pittsburgh. The $14.6 million divestiture of its Miltec Corporation subsidiary reduced exposure to non-core military activities. The divestitures reduced revenue by $22 million in the fourth quarter, leading to a decline in overall revenue of $14 million. However, the cash from the divestitures helped reduce long-term debt from $240 million at the start of 2016 to $167 million at the end; management expects to pay down a further $25 million in debt in 2017. Ducommun is now a more streamlined company trading at an attractive valuation. Analysts expect flat earnings per share of $1.46 in 2017, with EPS growth of 37% in 2018. As the company invests in new facilities in order to prepare for growth, capital expenditures are expected to ramp up to a range of $22 million to $26 million in 2017, from $18.7 million in 2016; this will eat into free cash flow generation in 2017. No matter: Ducommun is positioning itself on a strong long-term growth path. As Airbus and Boeing ramp up production on the aircraft that Ducommun sells into, investors can expect earnings and cash flow growth for years to come. Foolish takeaway All told, United Technologies and Ducommun trade at attractive valuations; if you believe the aerospace industry is headed for long-term growth, then they are both worth buying. Both are facing some near-term headwinds that are holding back the headline numbers, but if you can look beyond this, they are both a good value. Lee Samaha owns shares of United Technologies. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Lee Samaha (TMFSaintGermain) Industrial sector focus. A firm believer in behavioural finance and an Austrian approach to the business cycle. Follow me on Twitter to receive quick and thorough analysis of your favorite stocks. Follow @LeeSamaha Article Info Apr 24, 2017 at 11:03AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $182.06 up $1.68 (0.93%) United Technologies NYSE:UTX $116.32 up $1.33 (1.16%) Ducommun NYSE:DCO $30.05 up $0.60 (2.04%) Airbus NASDAQOTH:EADSY $20.03 up $0.85 (4.43%) Read More 3 Big Investing Risks Revealed by the Honeywell - United Technologies Merger Collapse The Best Industrial Stocks for 2017 United Technologies Is Up $10 Since February; Is It Still a Buy? Better Buy: United Technologies or Honeywell International? United Technologies Faces a Bright Future After Shunning Honeywell Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The Best Aerospace Stocks to Buy in 2017 @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $UTX, $DCO, $EADSY
Make Canoe my Homepage Twitter Facebook RSS Français Canoe - CNEWS Canoe News News Videos Photos National World Good News Science Crime Weird News Videos State Department Accused Of Promoting Trump's... All 100 Senators Invited To White House For North... Obama's Prisoner Swap With Iran Might've Been... News Russian woman shot execution-style in Oregon park Aviation officer: Dragged United passenger was... Trump slaps 20% tariff on Canadian lumber Showbiz Showbiz Celebrities Television Movies Music Books Theatre Videos Photos Videos Rihanna Photoshops Queen Elizabeth Onto Her Own... Blake Shelton Doesn't Blame Fans For Asking Why... Serena Williams Posts Sweet Note To Her Growing... News 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' hits the right... 'Deadliest Catch' star arrested for car theft,... Elton John recovering from 'potentially deadly'... Sports Sports Videos Photos Scoreboard Hockey Wrestling Football Baseball Basketball Videos Stormin' Norman help Raptors win Game 5 Galchenyuk says Habs are 'shocked' after playoff... Serena Williams Posts Sweet Note To Her Growing... News With crucial pieces in place, Leafs' foundation... SIMMONS: Win makes GM Ujiri's life easier Powell dazzles in Raptors' Game 5 win over Bucks Hot Topics Chad Johnson not happy with... Chad Johnson not happy with TSN Kessel blasts 'embarrassing,... Kessel blasts embarrassing media Money Money Videos Photos Videos Will Smith Would Make The Perfect Genie In... Britney Spears Still Under Conservatorship Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino Looking at 20... News 5 potential measures to tackle housing... Loblaws to open 30 new stores and renovate more... BlackBerry wins US$815-million arbitration... Hot Topics Amazon work culture Could happen here iPod demoted Put with chargers Lifestyle Lifestyle Style & Beauty Food & Drink Love & Sex Living Horoscopes Comics Puzzles Royals Videos Serena Williams Posts Sweet Note To Her Growing... Janet Jackson Sued For Canceled 2016 Tour Dates Orlando Bloom Posts Birthday Message To Ex... News Degenerate men who turn into ghosts a huge dating... Luxury shoe brand Jimmy Choo goes up for sale Topshop's clear plastic 'jeans' sparks online... Hot Topics Rate the look: Celebrity look... Rate the look: Celebrity look of th day Top-rated wines Wines of the week Health Travel Travel Destinations Activities News Tips & Trends Tools Videos Photos Videos Inside Bella Hadid's Secret Affordable Jamaican... Princess Cruises Will Pay A $40M Penalty For... New York Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree Lit News Exploring Oakland's unique Urban Wine Trail Discovering legendary tales of Ireland's 'Ancient... WestJet to launch new, no-frills (cheap) airline... Hot Topics TRIVIA Can you ID the provincial flags? HOTELS 11 things Canadians forget most Driving Tech Tech Tech News Video Games Mobile Reviews Videos Photos Videos Jays' Aaron Sanchez talks baseball and MLB The... Call of Duty's John Marshall Jones On The Wonders... Raw: Deadly Train Crash in Egypt News Blue Jays' Aaron Sanchez on MLB The Show 17 The Internet remains unbroken Samsung unveils Galaxy S8, S8 Plus Videos Photos Videos Photos National World Good News Science Crime Weird News Today's News Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather U.S. President Donald Trump on terror attacks: 'Im 10-0 ... Ive called every one of them' In this April 19, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the Oval Office in Washington. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik, File) Related Content Donald Trump heads into tough week FUREY: Pollsters and the media still have a glaring anti-Trump bias Latest News Sean Hannity calls sexual harassment accusation '100% false' Bill O'Reilly to return with new podcast episode Monday Haley won't rule out strike vs North Korea for nuke testing Share THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Apr 24, 2017 , Last Updated: 11:04 AM ET A transcript of an Oval Office interview Friday with President Donald Trump by AP White House Correspondent Julie Pace. Where the audio recording of the interview is unclear, ellipses or a notation that the recording was unintelligible are used. AP: I do want to talk to you about the 100 days. TRUMP: Good. AP: I want to ask a few questions on some topics that are happening toward the end of the interview. TRUMP: Did you see Aya (Hijazi, an Egyptian-American charity worker who had been detained in the country for nearly three years) ... AP: Can you tell me a little bit about how that came about? TRUMP: No, just — you know, I asked the government to let her out. ... TRUMP: You know Obama worked on it for three years, got zippo, zero. AP: How did you hear about this story? TRUMP: Many people, human rights people, are talking about it. It’s an incredible thing, especially when you meet her. You realize — I mean, she was in a rough place. AP: Did you have to strike a deal with (Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah) el-Sissi over this? TRUMP: No. No deal. He was here. He — I said, “I really would appreciate it if you would look into this and let her out.” And as you know, she went through a trial. And anyway, she was let go. And not only she, it was a total of eight people. ... ——— TRUMP: Yeah, it’s funny: One of the best chemistries I had was with (German Chancellor Angela) Merkel. (Crosstalk) AP: Really? TRUMP: Chancellor Merkel. TRUMP: And I guess somebody shouted out, “Shake her hand, shake her hand,” you know. But I never heard it. But I had already shaken her hand four times. You know, because we were together for a long time. AP: Did you expect you would have good chemistry with her? TRUMP: No. Because, um, I’m at odds on, you know, the NATO payments and I’m at odds on immigration. We had unbelievable chemistry. And people have given me credit for having great chemistry with all of the leaders, including el-Sissi. ... TRUMP: So it was a great thing to see that happen. ——— AP: Do you feel like you have changed the office of the presidency, how the presidency can be used to effect change? TRUMP: I think the 100 days is, you know, it’s an artificial barrier. It’s not very meaningful. I think I’ve established amazing relationships that will be used the four or eight years, whatever period of time I’m here. I think for that I would be getting very high marks because I’ve established great relationships with countries, as President el-Sissi has shown and others have shown. Well, if you look at the president of China, people said they’ve never seen anything like what’s going on right now. I really liked him a lot. I think he liked me. We have a great chemistry together. ... TRUMP: I’ve developed great relationships with all of these leaders. Nobody’s written that. In fact, they said, “Oh, well, he’s not treating them nicely,” because on NATO, I want them to pay up. But I still get along with them great, and they will pay up. In fact, with the Italian prime minister yesterday, you saw, we were joking, “Come on, you have to pay up, you have to pay up.” He’ll pay. AP: Did he say that? In your meeting? Your private meeting? TRUMP: He’s going to end up paying. But you know, nobody ever asked the question. Nobody asked. Nobody ever asked him to pay up. So it’s a different kind of a presidency. AP: Do you feel like that’s one thing that you’ve changed, that you maybe are actually asking the direct questions about some of these things? TRUMP: Yeah. Let me give me an example. A little before I took office there was a terrible article about the F-35 fighter jet. It was hundreds of billions of dollars over budget. It was seven years behind schedule. It was a disaster. So I called in Lockheed and I said, “I’m sorry, we’re going to have to bid this out to another company, namely Boeing,” or whoever else. But Boeing. And I called in Boeing and I started getting competing offers back and forth. ... TRUMP: I saved $725 million on the 90 planes. Just 90. Now there are 3,000 planes that are going to be ordered. On 90 planes I saved $725 million. It’s actually a little bit more than that, but it’s $725 million. Gen. Mattis, who had to sign the deal when it came to his office, said, “I’ve never seen anything like this in my life.” We went from a company that wanted more money for the planes to a company that cut. And the reason they cut — same planes, same everything — was because of me. I mean, because that’s what I do. TRUMP: Now if you multiply that times 3,000 planes, you know this is on 90 planes. In fact, when the Prime Minister (Shinzo) Abe of Japan came in because they bought a certain number of those ... The first thing he said to me, because it was right at the time I did it, he said, “Could I thank you?” I said, “What?” He said, “You saved us $100 million.” Because they got a $100 million savings on the 10 or 12 planes that they (bought). Nobody wrote that story. Now you know that’s a saving of billions and billions of dollars, many billions of dollars over the course of — it’s between 2,500 and 3,000 planes will be the final order. But this was only 90 of those 2,500 planes. AP: And you expect those savings to carry out across that full order? TRUMP: More. I’m gonna get more than that. This was a thing that was out of control and now it’s great. And the woman that runs Lockheed, Marillyn (Hewson), she was great. But all of a sudden it was a different kind of a thing. You know? ——— AP: Do you feel like you’ve been able to apply that kind of a relationship to your dealings with Congress as well? TRUMP: I have great relationships with Congress. I think we’re doing very well and I think we have a great foundation for future things. We’re going to be applying, I shouldn’t tell you this, but we’re going to be announcing, probably on Wednesday, tax reform. And it’s — we’ve worked on it long and hard. And you’ve got to understand, I’ve only been here now 93 days, 92 days. President Obama took 17 months to do Obamacare. I’ve been here 92 days but I’ve only been working on the health care, you know I had to get like a little bit of grounding right? Health care started after 30 day(s), so I’ve been working on health care for 60 days. ...You know, we’re very close. And it’s a great plan, you know, we have to get it approved. AP: Is it this deal that’s between the Tuesday Group and the Freedom Caucus, is that the deal you’re looking at? TRUMP: So the Republican Party has various groups, all great people. They’re great people. But some are moderate, some are very conservative. The Democrats don’t seem to have that nearly as much. You know the Democrats have, they don’t have that. The Republicans do have that. And I think it’s fine. But you know there’s a pretty vast area in there. And I have a great relationship with all of them. Now, we have government not closing. I think we’ll be in great shape on that. It’s going very well. Obviously, that takes precedent. AP: That takes precedent over health care? For next week? TRUMP: Yeah, sure. Next week. Because the hundred days is just an artificial barrier. The press keeps talking about the hundred days. But we’ve done a lot. You have a list of things. I don’t have to read it. ——— AP: You did put out though, as a candidate, you put out a 100-day plan. Do you feel like you should be held accountable to that plan? TRUMP: Somebody, yeah, somebody put out the concept of a hundred-day plan. But yeah. Well, I’m mostly there on most items. Go over the items, and I’ll talk to you ... (Crosstalk.) TRUMP: But things change. There has to be flexibility. Let me give you an example. President Xi, we have a, like, a really great relationship. For me to call him a currency manipulator and then say, “By the way, I’d like you to solve the North Korean problem,” doesn’t work. So you have to have a certain flexibility, Number One. Number Two, from the time I took office till now, you know, it’s a very exact thing. It’s not like generalities. Do you want a Coke or anything? AP: I’m OK, thank you. No. ... TRUMP: But President Xi, from the time I took office, he has not, they have not been currency manipulators. Because there’s a certain respect because he knew I would do something or whatever. But more importantly than him not being a currency manipulator the bigger picture, bigger than even currency manipulation, if he’s helping us with North Korea, with nuclear and all of the things that go along with it, who would call, what am I going to do, say, “By the way, would you help us with North Korea? And also, you’re a currency manipulator.” It doesn’t work that way. AP: Right. TRUMP: And the media, some of them get it, in all fairness. But you know some of them either don’t get it, in which case they’re very stupid people, or they just don’t want to say it. You know because of a couple of them said, “He didn’t call them a currency manipulator.” Well, for two reasons. Number One, he’s not, since my time. You know, very specific formula. You would think it’s like generalities, it’s not. They have — they’ve actually — their currency’s gone up. So it’s a very, very specific formula. And I said, “How badly have they been,” ... they said, “Since you got to office they have not manipulated their currency.” That’s Number One, but much more important, they are working with us on North Korea. Now maybe that’ll work out or maybe it won’t. Can you imagine? ... AP: So in terms of the 100-day plan that you did put out during the campaign, do you feel, though, that people should hold you accountable to this in terms of judging success? TRUMP: No, because much of the foundation’s been laid. Things came up. I’ll give you an example. I didn’t put Supreme Court judge on the 100 (day) plan, and I got a Supreme Court judge. AP: I think it’s on there. TRUMP: I don’t know. ... AP: “Begin the process of selecting.” You actually exceeded on this one. This says, “Begin the process of selecting a replacement.” TRUMP: That’s the biggest thing I’ve done. AP: Do you consider that your biggest success? TRUMP: Well, I — first of all I think he’s a great man. I think he will be a great, great justice of the Supreme Court. I have always heard that the selection and the affirmation of a Supreme Court judge is the biggest thing a president can do. Don’t forget, he could be there for 40 years. ... He’s a young man. I’ve always heard that that’s the biggest thing. Now, I would say that defence is the biggest thing. You know, to be honest, there are a number of things. But I’ve always heard that the highest calling is the nomination of a Supreme Court justice. I’ve done one in my first 70 days. TRUMP: Our military is so proud. They were not proud at all. They had their heads down. Now they have their heads up. ... TRUMP: I’m rebuilding the military. We have great people. We have great things in place. We have tremendous borders. I mention the F-35 because if I can save $725 million — look at that, that’s a massive amount of money. And I’ll save more as we make more planes. If I can save that on a small number of planes — Gen. (Jim) Mattis (the defence secretary) said, “I’ve never seen anything like this,” because he had to sign the ultimate (unintelligible) ... He had to sign the ultimate, you know. He said, “I’ve never seen anything like this before, as long as I’ve been in the military.” You know, that kind of cutting. AP: Right. TRUMP: Now, if I can do that (unintelligible) ... As an example, the aircraft carriers, billions of dollars, the Gerald Ford, billions and billions over budget. That won’t happen. AP: Is that something you’re going to take on? TRUMP: (unintelligible) But as we order the other ones, because they want to order 12, the other ones are going to come in much less expensive. ... ——— AP: Can I ask you, over your first 100 days — you’re not quite there yet — how do you feel like the office has changed you? TRUMP: Well the one thing I would say — and I say this to people — I never realized how big it was. Everything’s so (unintelligible) like, you know the orders are so massive. I was talking to — AP: You mean the responsibility of it, or do you mean — TRUMP: Number One, there’s great responsibility. When it came time to, as an example, send out the 59 missiles, the Tomahawks in Syria. I’m saying to myself, “You know, this is more than just like, 79 (sic) missiles. This is death that’s involved,” because people could have been killed. This is risk that’s involved, because if the missile goes off and goes in a city or goes in a civilian area — you know, the boats were hundreds of miles away — and if this missile goes off and lands in the middle of a town or a hamlet .... every decision is much harder than you’d normally make. (unintelligible) ... This is involving death and life and so many things. ... So it’s far more responsibility. (unintelligible) ....The financial cost of everything is so massive, every agency. This is thousands of times bigger, the United States, than the biggest company in the world. The second-largest company in the world is the Defence Department. The third-largest company in the world is Social Security. The fourth-largest — you know, you go down the list. AP: Right. TRUMP. It’s massive. And every agency is, like, bigger than any company. So you know, I really just see the bigness of it all, but also the responsibility. And the human responsibility. You know, the human life that’s involved in some of the decisions. ——— AP: You’ve talked a little bit about the way that you’ve brought some business skills into the office. Is there anything from your business background that just doesn’t translate into the presidency, that just simply is not applicable to this job? TRUMP: Well in business, you don’t necessarily need heart, whereas here, almost everything affects people. So if you’re talking about health care — you have health care in business but you’re trying to just negotiate a good price on health care, et cetera, et cetera. You’re providing health. This is (unintelligible). Here, everything, pretty much everything you do in government, involves heart, whereas in business, most things don’t involve heart. AP: What’s that switch been like for you? TRUMP: In fact, in business you’re actually better off without it. AP: What’s making that switch been like for you? TRUMP: You have to love people. And if you love people, such a big responsibility. (unintelligible) You can take any single thing, including even taxes. I mean we’re going to be doing major tax reform. Here’s part of your story, it’s going to be a big (unintelligible). Everybody’s saying, “Oh, he’s delaying.” I’m not delaying anything. I’ll tell you the other thing is (unintelligible). I used to get great press. I get the worst press. I get such dishonest reporting with the media. That’s another thing that really has — I’ve never had anything like it before. It happened during the primaries, and I said, you know, when I won, I said, “Well the one thing good is now I’ll get good press.” And it got worse. (unintelligible) So that was one thing that a little bit of a surprise to me. I thought the press would become better, and it actually, in my opinion, got more nasty. ——— AP: But in terms of tax reform, how are you going to roll that out next week? TRUMP: Well I’m going to roll (out) probably on Wednesday, around Wednesday of next week, we’re putting out a massive tax reform — business and for people — we want to do both. We’ve been working on it (unintelligible). Secretary Mnuchin is a very talented person, very smart. Very successful (unintelligible). ... We’re going to be putting that out on Wednesday or shortly thereafter. Let me leave a little room just in case (unintelligible). ... And that’s a big story, because a lot of people think I’m going to put it out much later. AP: Do you have any details on that in terms of rates? TRUMP: Only in terms that it will be a massive tax cut. It will be bigger, I believe, than any tax cut ever. Maybe the biggest tax cut we’ve ever had. ... ——— AP: Obviously, that’s going to come in a week where you’re going to be running up against the deadline for keeping the government open. If you get a bill on your desk that does not include funding for the wall, will you sign it? TRUMP: I don’t know yet. People want the border wall. My base definitely wants the border wall, my base really wants it — you’ve been to many of the rallies. OK, the thing they want more than anything is the wall. My base, which is a big base; I think my base is 45 per cent. You know, it’s funny. The Democrats, they have a big advantage in the electoral college. Big, big, big advantage. I’ve always said the popular vote would be a lot easier than the electoral college. The electoral college — but it’s a whole different campaign (unintelligible). The electoral college is very difficult for a Republican to win, and I will tell you, the people want to see it. They want to see the wall, they want to see security. Now, it just came out that they’re 73 per cent down. ... That’s a tremendous achievement. ... Look at this, in 100 days, that down to the lowest in 17 years and it’s going lower. Now, people aren’t coming because they know they’re not going to get through, and there isn’t crime. You know the migration up to the border is horrible for women, you know that? (Unintelligible.) Now, much of that’s stopped because they can’t get through. AP: It sounds like maybe you’re beginning to send a message that if you do get a spending bill that doesn’t have border funding in there, you would sign it. TRUMP: Well, first of all, the wall will cost much less than the numbers I’m seeing. I’m seeing numbers, I mean, this wall is not going to be that expensive. AP: What do you think the estimate on it would be? TRUMP: Oh I’m seeing numbers — $24 billion, I think I’ll do it for $10 billion or less. That’s not a lot of money relative to what we’re talking about. If we stop 1 per cent of the drugs from coming in — and we’ll stop all of it. But if we stop 1 per cent of the drugs because we have the wall — they’re coming around in certain areas, but if you have a wall, they can’t do it because it’s a real wall. That’s a tremendously good investment, 1 per cent. The drugs pouring through on the southern border are unbelievable. We’re becoming a drug culture, there’s so much. And most of it’s coming from the southern border. The wall will stop the drugs. AP: But, just trying to nail you down on it one more time, will you sign a spending bill if it doesn’t have — TRUMP: I don’t want to comment. I just don’t know yet. I mean, I have to see what’s going on. I really do. But the wall’s a very important thing to — not only my base, but to the people. And even if it wasn’t, I mean I’ll do things that aren’t necessarily popular. ... The wall is very important to stopping drugs. AP: If you don’t have a funding stream, your message to your base is what? TRUMP: My base understands the wall is going to get built, whether I have it funded here or if I get it funded shortly thereafter, that wall’s getting built, OK? One hundred per cent. One hundred per cent it’s getting built. And it’s also getting built for much less money — I hope you get this — than these people are estimating. The opponents are talking $25 billion for the wall. It’s not going to cost anywhere near that. AP: You think $10 billion or less. TRUMP: I think $10 billion or less. And if I do a super-duper, higher, better, better security, everything else, maybe it goes a little bit more. But it’s not going to be anywhere near (those) kind of numbers. And they’re using those numbers; they’re using the high numbers to make it sound impalatable (sic). And the fact it’s going to cost much less money, just like the airplane I told you about, which I hope you can write about. ——— (Off-the-record discussion.) ——— TRUMP: They had a quote from me that NATO’s obsolete. But they didn’t say why it was obsolete. I was on Wolf Blitzer, very fair interview, the first time I was ever asked about NATO, because I wasn’t in government. People don’t go around asking about NATO if I’m building a building in Manhattan, right? So they asked me, Wolf ... asked me about NATO, and I said two things. NATO’s obsolete — not knowing much about NATO, now I know a lot about NATO — NATO is obsolete, and I said, “And the reason it’s obsolete is because of the fact they don’t focus on terrorism.” You know, back when they did NATO there was no such thing as terrorism. AP: What specifically has NATO changed? TRUMP: (Cites Wall Street Journal article) ... I did an interview with Wolf Blitzer, and I said NATO was obsolete — I said two things — obsolete, and the country’s aren’t paying. I was right about both. I took such heat for about three days on both, because nobody ever criticized NATO. I took heat like you wouldn’t believe. And then some expert on NATO said, “You know, Trump is right.” But I said it was obsolete because they weren’t focused on terror. ... It’s not fair that we’re paying close to 4 per cent and other countries that are more directly affected are paying 1 per cent when they’re supposed to be paying 2 per cent. And I’m very strong on it and I’m going to be very strong on it when I go there in a month.“ —— AP: This morning you tweeted that after the possible terrorist attack in Paris, that it will have a big effect on the upcoming French election. What did you mean by that? TRUMP: Well, I think it will have a big effect on who people are going to vote for in the election. AP: Do you think it’s going to help Marine Le Pen? TRUMP: I think so. AP: Do you believe that she should be the president? TRUMP: No, I have no comment on that, but I think that it’ll probably help her because she is the strongest on borders and she is the strongest on what’s been going on in France. AP: Do you worry at all that by saying that, that a terrorist attack would have an impact on a democratic election, that it would actually embolden terrorists to try to —. TRUMP: No. Look, everybody is making predictions who is going to win. I am no different than you, you could say the same thing. ... AP: I just wonder if you are encouraging, you are the president of the United States, so to say that you worry that it encourages terrorists ... TRUMP: No, I am no different than — no, I think it discourages terrorists, I think it discourages. I think what we’ve done on the border discourages it. I think that my stance on having people come in to this country that we have no idea who they are and in certain cases you will have radical Islamic terrorism. I’m not going to have it in this country. I’m not going to let what happened to France and other places happen here. And it’s already largely, you know — we have tens — we have hundreds of thousands of people that have been allowed into our country that should not be here. They shouldn’t be here. We have people allowed into our country with no documentation whatsoever. They have no documentation and they were allowed under the previous administrations, they were allowed into our country. It’s a big mistake. AP: Just so that I am clear. You are not endorsing her for the office, but you are — TRUMP: I am not endorsing her and I didn’t mention her name. AP: Right, I just wanted to make sure I have that clear. TRUMP: I believe whoever is the toughest on radical Islamic terrorism and whoever is the toughest at the borders will do well at the election. I am not saying that person is going to win, she is not even favoured to win, you know. Right now, she is in second place. ——— AP: I have a question on the markets, actually. One thing that I think has been different about this White House is that you do point to the markets as a sign of progress. Do you worry, though — I mean, the markets go up and down. TRUMP: You live by the sword, you die by the sword, to a certain extent. But we create a lot of jobs, 500,000 jobs as of two months ago, and plenty created since. Five hundred thousand. ... As an example, Ford, General Motors. I’ve had cases where the gentleman from China, Ma, Jack Ma (chairman of Alibaba Group), he comes up, he says, “Only because of you am I making this massive investment.” Intel, only because of you. ... The press never writes that. ——— AP: What about NAFTA? What’s the plan on NAFTA? TRUMP: What would you like to know? AP: I would like to know what your plan is in terms of renegotiating. TRUMP: I am very upset with NAFTA. I think NAFTA has been a catastrophic trade deal for the United States, trading agreement for the United States. It hurts us with Canada, and it hurts us with Mexico. Most people don’t even think of NAFTA in terms of Canada. You saw what happened yesterday in my statements, because if you look at the dairy farmers in Wisconsin and upstate New York, they are getting killed by NAFTA. AP: Is your plan still, though, to renegotiate the whole deal? TRUMP: I am going to either renegotiate it or I am going to terminate it. AP: Termination is still on the table. TRUMP: Absolutely. If they don’t treat fairly, I am terminating NAFTA. AP: What’s a timeline for that decision? TRUMP: It’s a six-month termination clause, I have the right to do it, it’s a six-month clause. ——— AP: If I could fit a couple of more topics. Jeff Sessions, your attorney general, is taking a tougher line suddenly on Julian Assange, saying that arresting him is a priority. You were supportive of what WikiLeaks was doing during the campaign with the release of the Clinton emails. Do you think that arresting Assange is a priority for the United States? TRUMP: When Wikileaks came out ... never heard of Wikileaks, never heard of it. When Wikileaks came out, all I was just saying is, “Well, look at all this information here, this is pretty good stuff.” You know, they tried to hack the Republican, the RNC, but we had good defences. They didn’t have defences, which is pretty bad management. But we had good defences, they tried to hack both of them. They weren’t able to get through to Republicans. No, I found it very interesting when I read this stuff and I said, “Wow.” It was just a figure of speech. I said, “Well, look at this. It’s good reading.” AP: But that didn’t mean that you supported what Assange is doing? TRUMP: No, I don’t support or unsupport. It was just information. They shouldn’t have allowed it to get out. If they had the proper defensive devices on their internet, you know, equipment, they wouldn’t even allow the FBI. How about this — they get hacked, and the FBI goes to see them, and they won’t let the FBI see their server. But do you understand, nobody ever writes it. Why wouldn’t (former Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John) Podesta and Hillary Clinton allow the FBI to see the server? They brought in another company that I hear is Ukrainian-based. AP: CrowdStrike? TRUMP: That’s what I heard. I heard it’s owned by a very rich Ukrainian, that’s what I heard. But they brought in another company to investigate the server. Why didn’t they allow the FBI in to investigate the server? I mean, there is so many things that nobody writes about. It’s incredible. AP: Can I just ask you, though — do you believe it is a priority for the United States, or it should be a priority, to arrest Julian Assange? TRUMP: I am not involved in that decision, but if Jeff Sessions wants to do it, it’s OK with me. I didn’t know about that decision, but if they want to do it, it’s OK with me. ——— AP: On Iran, which is another thing you talked a lot on the campaign — TRUMP: And the other thing that we should go after is the leakers. ... AP: On Iran, you also talked about it quite a bit on the campaign trail. And you said in the press conference yesterday that you think that Iran is violating the spirit of the agreement. When you say that, do you mean in terms of the actual nuclear accord, or do you mean what they are doing in the region? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing all over the Middle East and beyond. AP: So you believe that they are complying with the agreement? TRUMP: No, I don’t say that. I say that I believe they have broken the spirit of the agreement. There is a spirit to agreements, and they have broken it. AP: In terms of what they are doing elsewhere in the Middle East? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing of all over. AP: When you talk to European leaders, when you talk to Merkel, for example, or Teresa May, what do they say about the nuclear deal? Do they want you to stay in that deal? TRUMP: I don’t talk to them about it. AP: You don’t talk to them about the Iran deal? TRUMP: I mention it, but it’s very personal when I talk to them, you know, it’s confidential. No, they have their own opinions. I don’t say that they are different than my opinions, but I’d rather have you ask them that question. AP: At this point, do you believe that you will stay in the nuclear deal? TRUMP: It’s possible that we won’t. ——— AP: Dreamers, you’ve talked about them, you’ve talked about heart earlier. This is one area where you have talked — TRUMP: No, we aren’t looking to do anything right now. Look, the dreamers ... this is an interesting case, they left and they came back and he’s got some problems, it’s a little different than the dreamer case, right? But we are putting MS-13 in jail and getting them the hell out of our country. They’ve taken over towns and cities and we are being really brutal with MS-13, and that’s what we should be. They are a bad group, and somebody said they are as bad as al-Qaida, which is a hell of a reference. So we are moving criminals out of our country and we are getting them out in record numbers and those are the people we are after. We are not after the dreamers, we are after the criminals. AP: And that’s going to be the policy of your administration to allow the dreamers to stay? TRUMP: Yes. Yes. That’s our policy. I am not saying ... long-term, we are going to have to fix the problem, the whole immigration problem. But I will tell you: Right now we have a great gentleman, one of my real stars is Gen. (John) Kelly, now (Homeland Security) Secretary Kelly. We are down 73 per cent at the border, we are cleaning out cities and towns of hard-line criminals, some of the worst people on earth, people that rape and kill women, people that are killing people just for the sake of having fun. They are being thrown in jails and they are being ... all over the country and nobody’s ever done it like us, so we are being unbelievably thorough with that. We are out in Long Island cleaning out the MS-13 scum, they are all scum, that’s probably the worst gang anywhere on Earth. ... AP: A lot of the dreamers have been hoping to hear something from you. I don’t want to give them the wrong message with this. TRUMP: Here is what they can hear: The dreamers should rest easy. OK? I’ll give you that. The dreamers should rest easy. ... ——— (An aide talks about the president’s address to Congress.) TRUMP: A lot of the people have said that, some people said it was the single best speech ever made in that chamber. AP: You seem like you enjoyed it. TRUMP: I did. I did. I believed in it and I enjoyed it. It was a great feeling to introduce the wife of a great young soldier who died getting us very valuable information. Have you seen the tremendous success? ... That’s another thing that nobody talks about. Have you seen the tremendous success we’ve had in the Middle East with the ISIS (an abbreviation for the Islamic State group)? When (current Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al) Abadi left from Iraq, he said Trump has more success in eight weeks than Obama had in eight years. ... We have had tremendous success, but we don’t talk about it. We don’t talk about it. AP: Do you mean you don’t talk about it personally because you don’t want to talk about it? TRUMP: I don’t talk about it. No. And the generals don’t talk about it. ——— AP: You had put a request into the Pentagon to put forward an ISIS plan within 30 days. I know they have sent that over. Have you accepted a plan? Are you moving forward on a strategy? TRUMP: We have a very strong plan, but we cannot talk about it, Julie. AP: So you have decided on a plan? TRUMP: Remember how many times have you been to the speech where I talked about Mosul. AP: Right. TRUMP. Right. Mosul. Four months we are going in, three months. We are still fighting Mosul. You know why? Because they were prepared. If we would have gone in and just done it, it would have been over three months ago. AP: Can you say generally what the strategy is? Should people — TRUMP: Generally is we have got to get rid of ISIS. We have no choice. And other terrorist organizations. AP: Should Americans who are serving in the military expect that you are going to increase troop numbers in the Middle East to fight ISIS? TRUMP: No, not much. AP: In terms of the strategy, though, that you have accepted, it sounds like, from the generals — TRUMP: Well, they’ve also accepted my strategy. AP: Does that involve more troops on the ground, it sounds like? TRUMP: Not many. AP: So a small increase? TRUMP: It could be an increase, then an increase. But not many more. I want to do the job, but not many more. ... This is an important story. I’ve done a lot. I’ve done more than any other president in the first 100 days and I think the first 100 days is an artificial barrier. And I’m scheduled ... the foundations have been set to do some great things. With foreign countries. Look at, look at President Xi. I mean ... AP: What do you think it was about your chemistry? TRUMP: We had good chemistry. Now I don’t know that I think that’s going to produce results but you’ve got a good chance. AP: Uh-huh. TRUMP: Look, he turned down many coal ships. These massive coal ships are coming where they get a lot of their income. They’re coming into China and they’re being turned away. That’s never happened before. The fuel, the oil, so many different things. You saw the editorial they had in their paper saying they cannot be allowed to have nuclear, you know, et cetera. People have said they’ve never seen this ever before in China. We have the same relationship with others. There’s a great foundation that’s built. Great foundation. And I think it’s going to produce tremendous results for our country. ——— AP: One more 100 days question. TRUMP: That’s fine. AP: ... is do you think you have the right team in place for your next 100 days? TRUMP: Yes. I think my team has been, well, I have different teams. I think my military team has been treated with great respect. As they should be. I think my other team hasn’t been treated with the respect that they should get. We have some very talented people, and very diverse people. AP: Do you mean your White House team when you say that? TRUMP: Yeah, my White House team. I think Reince (Priebus) has been doing an excellent job. I think that, you know, this is a very tough environment not caused necessarily by me. Although the election has, you know, look, the Democrats had a tremendous opportunity because the electoral college, as I said, is so skewed to them. You start off by losing in New York and California, no matter who it is. If, if Abe Lincoln came back to life, he would lose New York and he would lose California. It’s just the registration, there’s nothing you can do. So you’re losing the two biggest states, that’s where you start. OK. The Electoral College is so skewed in favour of a Democrat that it’s very, very hard. Look at Obama’s number in the Electoral College. His numbers on the win were ... but the Electoral College numbers were massive. You lose New York, you lose Illinois. Illinois is impossible to win. And you look at, so now you lose New York, Illinois, no matter what you do, and California. Right. And you say, man. Now you have to win Florida, you have to win Ohio, you have to win North Carolina. You have to win all these states, and then I won Wisconsin and Michigan and all of these other places, but you remember there was no way to, there was no way to 270. AP: Right. TRUMP: So she had this massive advantage, she spent hundreds of millions of dollars more money than I spent. Hundreds of millions ... Yeah. Or more, actually because we were $375 she was at $2.2 billion. But whatever. She spent massive amounts of money more and she lost. Solidly lost, because you know it wasn’t 270, it was 306. So there’s anger. But there was massive anger before I got there, so it’s not easy for a White House staff to realize that you are going into a situation where you are going to be at no, where are going to get no votes. I mean, here’s a judge who is No. 1 at Columbia, No. 1 at Harvard and an Oxford scholar. And he got three votes. AP: Three Democratic votes, but yeah. TRUMP: Three Democratic votes. OK. He’s an Oxford scholar at the highest level. The No. 1, you know, one of the great academics, one of the great writers. No bad decisions with all ... nothing. He’s like a ... AP: Do you think that you can break through that? I mean this — TRUMP: Yeah, I do. AP: Is one of the biggest challenges for a president. TRUMP: I think (I) can to an extent. But there’s a, there’s a basic hard-line core that you can’t break though, OK, that you can’t break through. There’s a hard-line group you can’t break through, you can’t. It’s sad. You can’t. Look, I met with Congressman Cummings and I really liked him, a lot. Elijah Cummings (of Maryland). I really liked him a lot. And during the conversation because we have a very strong mutual feeling on drug prices. He came to see me, at my invitation, because I saw him talking about, he came to see me about drug prices because drug prices are ridiculous. And I am going to get them way, way, way down and he liked that. He said you will be the greatest president. He said you will be, in front of five, six people, he said you will be the greatest president in the history of this country. AP: He disputed that slightly. TRUMP: That’s what he said. I mean, what can I tell you? AP: Yeah. TRUMP: There’s six people sitting here. What did he, what, what do you mean by slightly? AP: He said, he said that he felt like you could be a great president if and then — TRUMP: Well he said, you’ll be the greatest president in the history of, but you know what, I’ll take that also, but that you could be. But he said, will be the greatest president but I would also accept the other. In other words, if you do your job, but I accept that. Then I watched him interviewed and it was like he never even was here. It’s incredible. I watched him interviewed a week later and it’s like he was never in my office. And you can even say that. ——— AP: And that’s one of the difficulties I think presidents have had is that you can have these personal relationships with people from the other party, but then it’s hard to actually change how people vote or change how people — TRUMP: No I have, it’s interesting, I have, seem to get very high ratings. I definitely. You know Chris Wallace had 9.2 million people, it’s the highest in the history of the show. I have all the ratings for all those morning shows. When I go, they go double, triple. Chris Wallace, look back during the Army-Navy football game, I did his show that morning. AP: I remember, right. TRUMP: It had 9.2 million people. It’s the highest they’ve ever had. On any, on air, (CBS “Face the Nation” host John) Dickerson had 5.2 million people. It’s the highest for “Face the Nation” or as I call it, “Deface the Nation.” It’s the highest for “Deface the Nation” since the World Trade Center. Since the World Trade Center came down. It’s a tremendous advantage. I have learned one thing, because I get treated very unfairly, that’s what I call it, the fake media. And the fake media is not all of the media. You know they tried to say that the fake media was all the, no. The fake media is some of you. I could tell you who it is, 100 per cent. Sometimes you’re fake, but — but the fake media is some of the media. It bears no relationship to the truth. It’s not that Fox treats me well, it’s that Fox is the most accurate. AP: Do you believe that? That Fox — TRUMP: I do. I get treated so badly. Yesterday, about the thing, you know when I said it’s a terrorism ... it may be. I said it may be a terrorist attack and MSNBC, I heard, went crazy, “He called it a terrorist attack.” They thought it was a bank robbery. By the way, I’m 10-0 for that. I’ve called every one of them. Every time they said I called it way too early and then it turns out I’m ... Whatever. Whatever. In the meantime, I’m here and they’re not. ——— AP: Do you feel that one of the things with cable is there’s such real-time reaction with everything you say? TRUMP: Yeah. AP: Can you separate that sometimes from that actual decision? TRUMP: The one thing — AP: That you have to do — TRUMP: OK. The one thing I’ve learned to do that I never thought I had the ability to do. I don’t watch CNN anymore. AP: You just said you did. TRUMP: No. No, I, if I’m passing it, what did I just say (inaudible)? AP: You just said — TRUMP: Where? Where? AP: Two minutes ago. TRUMP: No, they treat me so badly. No, I just said that. No, I, what’d I say, I stopped watching them. But I don’t watch CNN anymore. I don’t watch MSNBC. I don’t watch it. Now I heard yesterday that MSNBC, you know, they tell me what’s going on. AP: Right. TRUMP: In fact, they also did. I never thought I had the ability to not watch. Like, people think I watch (MSNBC’s) “Morning Joe.” I don’t watch “Morning Joe.” I never thought I had the ability to, and who used to treat me great by the way, when I played the game. I never thought I had the ability to not watch what is unpleasant, if it’s about me. Or pleasant. But when I see it’s such false reporting and such bad reporting and false reporting that I’ve developed an ability that I never thought I had. I don’t watch things that are unpleasant. I just don’t watch them. AP: And do you feel like that’s, that’s because of the office that you now occupy — TRUMP: No. AP: That you’ve made that change? TRUMP: I don’t know why it is, but I’ve developed that ability, and it’s happened over the last, over the last year. AP: That’s interesting. TRUMP: And I don’t watch things that I know are going to be unpleasant. CNN has covered me unfairly and incorrectly and I don’t watch them anymore. A lot of people don’t watch them anymore, they’re now in third place. But I’ve created something where people are watching ... but I don’t watch CNN anymore. I don’t watch MSNBC anymore. I don’t watch things, and I never thought I had that ability. I always thought I’d watch. AP: Sure. TRUMP: I just don’t. And that’s taken place over the last year. And you know what that is, that’s a great, it’s a great thing because you leave, you leave for work in the morning you know, you’re, you don’t watch this total negativity. I never thought I’d be able to do that and for me, it’s so easy to do now. Just don’t watch. AP: That’s interesting. TRUMP: Maybe it’s because I’m here. I don’t know. Videos State Department Accused Of Promoting Trump's Mar-a-Lago Club All 100 Senators Invited To White House For North Korea Briefing Obama's Prisoner Swap With Iran Might've Been Bigger Than He Let On Congress Is Its Own Obstacle In Russia Probe Trump Wants To Get Humans To Mars ASAP Obama's Back In Public And Hinting At What He Wants To Do Next US Sanctions 271 Syrians After Suspected Sarin Attack The EPA Panicked Scientists With A Warning About Government Shutdown New Orleans Begins Controversial Removal Of Confederate Statues French Presidential Candidate Gets Support From Former Rivals You Could Own This Awesome Flying Car A Lot Sooner Than You Think Rag Dolls Offer Hope And Memories For These Young Refugee Sisters Previous Next More Videos Photos Paddlers get creative for Float Your Fanny Down the Ganny Samsung unveils new phones, camera Fire at former Ont. biker clubhouse Check out Canada's most expensive homes Donald Trump greets White House tourists Mansion or fixer-upper? Here's what $1 million can buy you Tragedies give survivor a new face Trump, Trudeau meet at White House Images of Ivanka Trump 'Bionic cat' in Bulgaria Stunning costumes from the Miss Universe pageant Celebs at anti-Trump women's marches in the U.S. Previous Next More Photos Ads VIDEOS Most popular Latest stories CrimeDeath of Edmonton toddler a 'devastating tragedy' WorldArkansas executes 2 inmates on the same gurney, hours apart CrimeTeacher accused of masturbating on camera for student WorldU.S. President Donald Trump on terror attacks: 'I'm 10-0 ... I've called every one of them' CrimeEx beauty pageant winner pleads guilty to child porn, lewd acts with child CanadaTrudeau says his dad got his brother help in dealing with pot charge WorldAviation officer says man dragged off United flight was 'flailing and fighting' CanadaTrump slaps 20% tariff on Canadian lumber WorldBill O'Reilly speaks out about Fox firing, says 'the truth will come out' WorldFSU mascot stabbed to death in gumbo spice dispute Ads Weather Montréal Choose your city 5 days forecast °c °c °c °c °c Burning question Are hydro rates too high where you live? Yes No They're reasonable. Submit Results Newsletter subscription Your daily dose of what's hot on Canoe.com. You'll get everything from daily features and top headlines. Sign up today ! Ads Canoe Top Headlines news Trump slaps 20% tariff on Canadian lumber news Woman shot dead in park in love triangle? news Accused says he strangled wife in self defence showbiz 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' hits the right... Canoe SunMedia is a member of Horoscopes Driving Classifieds Your Life Moments Your Life Moments Blogs.com flyer city News Showbiz Sports Money Lifestyle Travel Tech Games Health Videos Classifieds Life Moments Flyercity Partners Comics Crosswords Horoscopes Movie Listings Lottos Scores TV Listings Weather Follow Us Google Plus Facebook RSS Canoe Showbiz Sports Tech Travel Money Canoe Mobile Canoe.com is available on iPhone, iPad and Android About Canoe Sitemap Privacy Policy Find Help Copyright © 2017 All Rights Reserved
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News All Local News City Hall Blog Around Town Diplomatica Politics +PS Defence Watch The Gargoyle National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Your Letters Editorials Editorial Cartoons Electoral Reform Business All Business Local Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Tech-Biz Arts All Arts Local Arts All Local Arts Local Reviews The Big Beat Ottawa events listings Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music Jazzblog NP Music Books Celebrity Cappies Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey All Hockey Senators Extra NHL World Juniors Football All Football CFL NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Tennis Life All Life Homes All Homes Condos Gardening Food All Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Ottawa Dish Style Our Ottawa Upbeat World of Birds Life Story Health All Health Men Seniors Sexual Health Women Diet & Fitness Family & Child Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel Gift Guide Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving News Defence Watch |Featured: Senators Extra Canada 150 Style Magazine Homes OC Sessions Developing Lebreton Flats | More Open Search Close Search Search Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Local News Canada 150: Complete coverage Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Savoury Northern Chinese surprises at Xiang Zi in ... Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Caravela Restaurante offers up fresh, uncomplicated, homey Portuguese ... Local News Opioid overdoses: Here's how to get a naloxone kit in ... Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Citizen meets high expectations, but choose carefully for ... 5 / 5 Boeing withdraws from Belgian fighter contest, F-35, Rafale, Eurofighter and Gripen left David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen More from David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen Published on: April 24, 2017 | Last Updated: April 24, 2017 11:09 AM EDT This US Navy photo shows SAn F/A-18E Super Hornet assigned to the Sidewinders of Strike Fighter Squadron (VFA) 86 as it launches from the flight deck of the aircraft carrier USS Dwight D. Eisenhower (CVN 69) in the Mediterranean Sea. MC3 ANDERSON W. BRANCH / AFP/Getty Images Share Adjust Comment Print Boeing says it will not take part in the competition to purchase new fighter jets for Belgium because the process is not fair. Belgium is replacing its F-16 fleet. Boeing informed the Belgian government that it will not participate in its bidders conference, nor respond to the request for proposals for a new fighter aircraft. “We regret that after reviewing the request we do not see an opportunity to compete on a truly level playing field with the extremely capable and cost-effective F/A-18 Super Hornet, the company said in a statement. “This decision allows Boeing to concentrate its efforts and resources on supporting our global customers, securing new orders and investing in technology and systems required to meet the threats of today and tomorrow. “Where there is a full and open competition we look forward to bringing the full depth and breadth of The Boeing Company to our offer.” Boeing’s move leaves Lockheed Martin’s F-35A, the Rafale, Eurofighter Typhoon and the Gripen in the competition.   Belgian Politics Boeing Company Lockheed Martin Corporation sponsored Kurds still waiting for Canadian weapons but will get new shipment... Islamic State could benefit from weakened Syrian military, says report Video Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic More Local News Local News 'I didn't mean to hurt him,' Orléans killer testifies Local News Ottawa will get a real taste of summer later this week Local News 'Incredibly cruel': Scam artist rips off family of Ottawa addictions crusader Classified Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. Buy, sell and trade smarter. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. × Share Boeing withdraws from Belgian fighter contest, F-35, Rafale, Eurofighter and Gripen left Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Politics +PS Defence Watch The Gargoyle National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Your Letters Editorials Editorial Cartoons Electoral Reform Business All Business Local Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Technology Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Cappies Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Tennis Life All Life Homes Food Style Our Ottawa Upbeat World of Birds Life Story Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel Gift Guide © 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact Us ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal Montreal Gazette National Post Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your Market account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Market to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password. 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize the password reset code. Please enter your email below below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Advertisement Edition: UK عربي (Arabi) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX Québec (En Francais) QC South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Front Page NEWS POLITICS LIFESTYLE PARENTS TECH YOUNG VOICES COMEDY ENTERTAINMENT STYLE WHAT'S WORKING BLOGS Advertisement NEWS Donald Trump's AP Interview And The 15 Most WTF Moments 'How does a world leader not use complete sentences?' 24/04/2017 12:29 | Updated 15 hours ago Chris York Senior Editor, Huffington Post UK Last night the Associated Press released an interview with President Donald Trump to mark his upcoming milestone of 100 days in office. Yet in a wide-ranging discussion covering a multitude of topics the most striking thing about the transcript is simply how incoherent it is. Like almost all Trump transcripts, this Trump-AP transcript is bonkers. https://t.co/Tiy53yA75n— Daniel Dale (@ddale8) April 23, 2017 Despite being a one-on-one interview, AP felt the need to mark Trump’s speech as “unintelligible” a whopping 16 times. I've never seen this: the AP has to deem some of Trump's comments "unintelligible" even though it was a one-on-one Oval Office interview. pic.twitter.com/reOAT1tFgD— Daniel Dale (@ddale8) April 23, 2017 That’s one batsh*t aspect - here are 14 more... (Oh, and if you think you can handle it, the full transcript is below.)   Here’s the full transcript from the Associated Press.   AP: I do want to talk to you about the 100 days. TRUMP: Good. AP: I want to ask a few questions on some topics that are happening toward the end of the interview. TRUMP: Did you see Aya (Hijazi, an Egyptian-American charity worker who had been detained in the country for nearly three years) ... AP: Can you tell me a little bit about how that came about? TRUMP: No, just — you know, I asked the government to let her out. ... TRUMP: You know Obama worked on it for three years, got zippo, zero. AP: How did you hear about this story? TRUMP: Many people, human rights people, are talking about it. It’s an incredible thing, especially when you meet her. You realize — I mean, she was in a rough place. AP: Did you have to strike a deal with (Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah) el-Sissi over this? TRUMP: No. No deal. He was here. He — I said, “I really would appreciate it if you would look into this and let her out.” And as you know, she went through a trial. And anyway, she was let go. And not only she, it was a total of eight people. ... ___ TRUMP: Yeah, it’s funny: One of the best chemistries I had was with (German Chancellor Angela) Merkel. (Crosstalk) AP: Really? TRUMP: Chancellor Merkel. TRUMP: And I guess somebody shouted out, “Shake her hand, shake her hand,” you know. But I never heard it. But I had already shaken her hand four times. You know, because we were together for a long time. AP: Did you expect you would have good chemistry with her? TRUMP: No. Because, um, I’m at odds on, you know, the NATO payments and I’m at odds on immigration. We had unbelievable chemistry. And people have given me credit for having great chemistry with all of the leaders, including el-Sissi. ... TRUMP: So it was a great thing to see that happen. ___ AP: Do you feel like you have changed the office of the presidency, how the presidency can be used to effect change? TRUMP: I think the 100 days is, you know, it’s an artificial barrier. It’s not very meaningful. I think I’ve established amazing relationships that will be used the four or eight years, whatever period of time I’m here. I think for that I would be getting very high marks because I’ve established great relationships with countries, as President el-Sissi has shown and others have shown. Well, if you look at the president of China, people said they’ve never seen anything like what’s going on right now. I really liked him a lot. I think he liked me. We have a great chemistry together. ... TRUMP: I’ve developed great relationships with all of these leaders. Nobody’s written that. In fact, they said, “Oh, well, he’s not treating them nicely,” because on NATO, I want them to pay up. But I still get along with them great, and they will pay up. In fact, with the Italian prime minister yesterday, you saw, we were joking, “Come on, you have to pay up, you have to pay up.” He’ll pay. AP: Did he say that? In your meeting? Your private meeting? TRUMP: He’s going to end up paying. But you know, nobody ever asked the question. Nobody asked. Nobody ever asked him to pay up. So it’s a different kind of a presidency. AP: Do you feel like that’s one thing that you’ve changed, that you maybe are actually asking the direct questions about some of these things? TRUMP: Yeah. Let me give me an example. A little before I took office there was a terrible article about the F-35 fighter jet. It was hundreds of billions of dollars over budget. It was seven years behind schedule. It was a disaster. So I called in Lockheed and I said, “I’m sorry, we’re going to have to bid this out to another company, namely Boeing,” or whoever else. But Boeing. And I called in Boeing and I started getting competing offers back and forth. ... TRUMP: I saved $725 million on the 90 planes. Just 90. Now there are 3,000 planes that are going to be ordered. On 90 planes I saved $725 million. It’s actually a little bit more than that, but it’s $725 million. Gen. Mattis, who had to sign the deal when it came to his office, said, “I’ve never seen anything like this in my life.” We went from a company that wanted more money for the planes to a company that cut. And the reason they cut — same planes, same everything — was because of me. I mean, because that’s what I do. TRUMP: Now if you multiply that times 3,000 planes, you know this is on 90 planes. In fact, when the Prime Minister (Shinzo) Abe of Japan came in because they bought a certain number of those ... The first thing he said to me, because it was right at the time I did it, he said, “Could I thank you?” I said, “What?” He said, “You saved us $100 million.” Because they got a $100 million savings on the 10 or 12 planes that they (bought). Nobody wrote that story. Now you know that’s a saving of billions and billions of dollars, many billions of dollars over the course of — it’s between 2,500 and 3,000 planes will be the final order. But this was only 90 of those 2,500 planes. AP: And you expect those savings to carry out across that full order? TRUMP: More. I’m gonna get more than that. This was a thing that was out of control and now it’s great. And the woman that runs Lockheed, Marillyn (Hewson), she was great. But all of a sudden it was a different kind of a thing. You know? ___ AP: Do you feel like you’ve been able to apply that kind of a relationship to your dealings with Congress as well? TRUMP: I have great relationships with Congress. I think we’re doing very well and I think we have a great foundation for future things. We’re going to be applying, I shouldn’t tell you this, but we’re going to be announcing, probably on Wednesday, tax reform. And it’s — we’ve worked on it long and hard. And you’ve got to understand, I’ve only been here now 93 days, 92 days. President Obama took 17 months to do Obamacare. I’ve been here 92 days but I’ve only been working on the health care, you know I had to get like a little bit of grounding right? Health care started after 30 day(s), so I’ve been working on health care for 60 days. ...You know, we’re very close. And it’s a great plan, you know, we have to get it approved. AP: Is it this deal that’s between the Tuesday Group and the Freedom Caucus, is that the deal you’re looking at? TRUMP: So the Republican Party has various groups, all great people. They’re great people. But some are moderate, some are very conservative. The Democrats don’t seem to have that nearly as much. You know the Democrats have, they don’t have that. The Republicans do have that. And I think it’s fine. But you know there’s a pretty vast area in there. And I have a great relationship with all of them. Now, we have government not closing. I think we’ll be in great shape on that. It’s going very well. Obviously, that takes precedent. AP: That takes precedent over health care? For next week? TRUMP: Yeah, sure. Next week. Because the hundred days is just an artificial barrier. The press keeps talking about the hundred days. But we’ve done a lot. You have a list of things. I don’t have to read it. ___ AP: You did put out though, as a candidate, you put out a 100-day plan. Do you feel like you should be held accountable to that plan? TRUMP: Somebody, yeah, somebody put out the concept of a hundred-day plan. But yeah. Well, I’m mostly there on most items. Go over the items, and I’ll talk to you ... (Crosstalk.) TRUMP: But things change. There has to be flexibility. Let me give you an example. President Xi, we have a, like, a really great relationship. For me to call him a currency manipulator and then say, “By the way, I’d like you to solve the North Korean problem,” doesn’t work. So you have to have a certain flexibility, Number One. Number Two, from the time I took office till now, you know, it’s a very exact thing. It’s not like generalities. Do you want a Coke or anything? AP: I’m OK, thank you. No. ... TRUMP: But President Xi, from the time I took office, he has not, they have not been currency manipulators. Because there’s a certain respect because he knew I would do something or whatever. But more importantly than him not being a currency manipulator the bigger picture, bigger than even currency manipulation, if he’s helping us with North Korea, with nuclear and all of the things that go along with it, who would call, what am I going to do, say, “By the way, would you help us with North Korea? And also, you’re a currency manipulator.” It doesn’t work that way. AP: Right. TRUMP: And the media, some of them get it, in all fairness. But you know some of them either don’t get it, in which case they’re very stupid people, or they just don’t want to say it. You know because of a couple of them said, “He didn’t call them a currency manipulator.” Well, for two reasons. Number One, he’s not, since my time. You know, very specific formula. You would think it’s like generalities, it’s not. They have — they’ve actually — their currency’s gone up. So it’s a very, very specific formula. And I said, “How badly have they been,” ... they said, “Since you got to office they have not manipulated their currency.” That’s Number One, but much more important, they are working with us on North Korea. Now maybe that’ll work out or maybe it won’t. Can you imagine? ... AP: So in terms of the 100-day plan that you did put out during the campaign, do you feel, though, that people should hold you accountable to this in terms of judging success? TRUMP: No, because much of the foundation’s been laid. Things came up. I’ll give you an example. I didn’t put Supreme Court judge on the 100 (day) plan, and I got a Supreme Court judge. AP: I think it’s on there. TRUMP: I don’t know. ... AP: “Begin the process of selecting.” You actually exceeded on this one. This says, “Begin the process of selecting a replacement.” TRUMP: That’s the biggest thing I’ve done. AP: Do you consider that your biggest success? TRUMP: Well, I — first of all I think he’s a great man. I think he will be a great, great justice of the Supreme Court. I have always heard that the selection and the affirmation of a Supreme Court judge is the biggest thing a president can do. Don’t forget, he could be there for 40 years. ... He’s a young man. I’ve always heard that that’s the biggest thing. Now, I would say that defense is the biggest thing. You know, to be honest, there are a number of things. But I’ve always heard that the highest calling is the nomination of a Supreme Court justice. I’ve done one in my first 70 days. TRUMP: Our military is so proud. They were not proud at all. They had their heads down. Now they have their heads up. ... TRUMP: I’m rebuilding the military. We have great people. We have great things in place. We have tremendous borders. I mention the F-35 because if I can save $725 million — look at that, that’s a massive amount of money. And I’ll save more as we make more planes. If I can save that on a small number of planes — Gen. (Jim) Mattis (the defense secretary) said, “I’ve never seen anything like this,” because he had to sign the ultimate (unintelligible) ... He had to sign the ultimate, you know. He said, “I’ve never seen anything like this before, as long as I’ve been in the military.” You know, that kind of cutting. AP: Right. TRUMP: Now, if I can do that (unintelligible) ... As an example, the aircraft carriers, billions of dollars, the Gerald Ford, billions and billions over budget. That won’t happen. AP: Is that something you’re going to take on? TRUMP: (unintelligible) But as we order the other ones, because they want to order 12, the other ones are going to come in much less expensive. ... ___ AP: Can I ask you, over your first 100 days — you’re not quite there yet — how do you feel like the office has changed you? TRUMP: Well the one thing I would say — and I say this to people — I never realized how big it was. Everything’s so (unintelligible) like, you know the orders are so massive. I was talking to — AP: You mean the responsibility of it, or do you mean — TRUMP: Number One, there’s great responsibility. When it came time to, as an example, send out the 59 missiles, the Tomahawks in Syria. I’m saying to myself, “You know, this is more than just like, 79 (sic) missiles. This is death that’s involved,” because people could have been killed. This is risk that’s involved, because if the missile goes off and goes in a city or goes in a civilian area — you know, the boats were hundreds of miles away — and if this missile goes off and lands in the middle of a town or a hamlet .... every decision is much harder than you’d normally make. (unintelligible) ... This is involving death and life and so many things. ... So it’s far more responsibility. (unintelligible) ....The financial cost of everything is so massive, every agency. This is thousands of times bigger, the United States, than the biggest company in the world. The second-largest company in the world is the Defense Department. The third-largest company in the world is Social Security. The fourth-largest — you know, you go down the list. AP: Right. TRUMP. It’s massive. And every agency is, like, bigger than any company. So you know, I really just see the bigness of it all, but also the responsibility. And the human responsibility. You know, the human life that’s involved in some of the decisions. ___ AP: You’ve talked a little bit about the way that you’ve brought some business skills into the office. Is there anything from your business background that just doesn’t translate into the presidency, that just simply is not applicable to this job? TRUMP: Well in business, you don’t necessarily need heart, whereas here, almost everything affects people. So if you’re talking about health care — you have health care in business but you’re trying to just negotiate a good price on health care, et cetera, et cetera. You’re providing health. This is (unintelligible). Here, everything, pretty much everything you do in government, involves heart, whereas in business, most things don’t involve heart. AP: What’s that switch been like for you? TRUMP: In fact, in business you’re actually better off without it. AP: What’s making that switch been like for you? TRUMP: You have to love people. And if you love people, such a big responsibility. (unintelligible) You can take any single thing, including even taxes. I mean we’re going to be doing major tax reform. Here’s part of your story, it’s going to be a big (unintelligible). Everybody’s saying, “Oh, he’s delaying.” I’m not delaying anything. I’ll tell you the other thing is (unintelligible). I used to get great press. I get the worst press. I get such dishonest reporting with the media. That’s another thing that really has — I’ve never had anything like it before. It happened during the primaries, and I said, you know, when I won, I said, “Well the one thing good is now I’ll get good press.” And it got worse. (unintelligible) So that was one thing that a little bit of a surprise to me. I thought the press would become better, and it actually, in my opinion, got more nasty. ___ AP: But in terms of tax reform, how are you going to roll that out next week? TRUMP: Well I’m going to roll (out) probably on Wednesday, around Wednesday of next week, we’re putting out a massive tax reform — business and for people — we want to do both. We’ve been working on it (unintelligible). Secretary Mnuchin is a very talented person, very smart. Very successful (unintelligible). ... We’re going to be putting that out on Wednesday or shortly thereafter. Let me leave a little room just in case (unintelligible). ... And that’s a big story, because a lot of people think I’m going to put it out much later. AP: Do you have any details on that in terms of rates? TRUMP: Only in terms that it will be a massive tax cut. It will be bigger, I believe, than any tax cut ever. Maybe the biggest tax cut we’ve ever had. ... ___ AP: Obviously, that’s going to come in a week where you’re going to be running up against the deadline for keeping the government open. If you get a bill on your desk that does not include funding for the wall, will you sign it? TRUMP: I don’t know yet. People want the border wall. My base definitely wants the border wall, my base really wants it — you’ve been to many of the rallies. OK, the thing they want more than anything is the wall. My base, which is a big base; I think my base is 45 percent. You know, it’s funny. The Democrats, they have a big advantage in the electoral college. Big, big, big advantage. I’ve always said the popular vote would be a lot easier than the electoral college. The electoral college — but it’s a whole different campaign (unintelligible). The electoral college is very difficult for a Republican to win, and I will tell you, the people want to see it. They want to see the wall, they want to see security. Now, it just came out that they’re 73 percent down. ... That’s a tremendous achievement. ... Look at this, in 100 days, that down to the lowest in 17 years and it’s going lower. Now, people aren’t coming because they know they’re not going to get through, and there isn’t crime. You know the migration up to the border is horrible for women, you know that? (Unintelligible.) Now, much of that’s stopped because they can’t get through. AP: It sounds like maybe you’re beginning to send a message that if you do get a spending bill that doesn’t have border funding in there, you would sign it. TRUMP: Well, first of all, the wall will cost much less than the numbers I’m seeing. I’m seeing numbers, I mean, this wall is not going to be that expensive. AP: What do you think the estimate on it would be? TRUMP: Oh I’m seeing numbers — $24 billion, I think I’ll do it for $10 billion or less. That’s not a lot of money relative to what we’re talking about. If we stop 1 percent of the drugs from coming in — and we’ll stop all of it. But if we stop 1 percent of the drugs because we have the wall — they’re coming around in certain areas, but if you have a wall, they can’t do it because it’s a real wall. That’s a tremendously good investment, 1 percent. The drugs pouring through on the southern border are unbelievable. We’re becoming a drug culture, there’s so much. And most of it’s coming from the southern border. The wall will stop the drugs. AP: But, just trying to nail you down on it one more time, will you sign a spending bill if it doesn’t have — TRUMP: I don’t want to comment. I just don’t know yet. I mean, I have to see what’s going on. I really do. But the wall’s a very important thing to — not only my base, but to the people. And even if it wasn’t, I mean I’ll do things that aren’t necessarily popular. ... The wall is very important to stopping drugs. AP: If you don’t have a funding stream, your message to your base is what? TRUMP: My base understands the wall is going to get built, whether I have it funded here or if I get it funded shortly thereafter, that wall’s getting built, OK? One hundred percent. One hundred percent it’s getting built. And it’s also getting built for much less money — I hope you get this — than these people are estimating. The opponents are talking $25 billion for the wall. It’s not going to cost anywhere near that. AP: You think $10 billion or less. TRUMP: I think $10 billion or less. And if I do a super-duper, higher, better, better security, everything else, maybe it goes a little bit more. But it’s not going to be anywhere near (those) kind of numbers. And they’re using those numbers; they’re using the high numbers to make it sound impalatable (sic). And the fact it’s going to cost much less money, just like the airplane I told you about, which I hope you can write about. ___ (Off-the-record discussion.) ___ TRUMP: They had a quote from me that NATO’s obsolete. But they didn’t say why it was obsolete. I was on Wolf Blitzer, very fair interview, the first time I was ever asked about NATO, because I wasn’t in government. People don’t go around asking about NATO if I’m building a building in Manhattan, right? So they asked me, Wolf ... asked me about NATO, and I said two things. NATO’s obsolete — not knowing much about NATO, now I know a lot about NATO — NATO is obsolete, and I said, “And the reason it’s obsolete is because of the fact they don’t focus on terrorism.” You know, back when they did NATO there was no such thing as terrorism. AP: What specifically has NATO changed? TRUMP: (Cites Wall Street Journal article) ... I did an interview with Wolf Blitzer, and I said NATO was obsolete — I said two things — obsolete, and the country’s aren’t paying. I was right about both. I took such heat for about three days on both, because nobody ever criticized NATO. I took heat like you wouldn’t believe. And then some expert on NATO said, “You know, Trump is right.” But I said it was obsolete because they weren’t focused on terror. ... It’s not fair that we’re paying close to 4 percent and other countries that are more directly affected are paying 1 percent when they’re supposed to be paying 2 percent. And I’m very strong on it and I’m going to be very strong on it when I go there in a month.” __ AP: This morning you tweeted that after the possible terrorist attack in Paris, that it will have a big effect on the upcoming French election. What did you mean by that? TRUMP: Well, I think it will have a big effect on who people are going to vote for in the election. AP: Do you think it’s going to help Marine Le Pen? TRUMP: I think so. AP: Do you believe that she should be the president? TRUMP: No, I have no comment on that, but I think that it’ll probably help her because she is the strongest on borders and she is the strongest on what’s been going on in France. AP: Do you worry at all that by saying that, that a terrorist attack would have an impact on a democratic election, that it would actually embolden terrorists to try to —. TRUMP: No. Look, everybody is making predictions who is going to win. I am no different than you, you could say the same thing. ... AP: I just wonder if you are encouraging, you are the president of the United States, so to say that you worry that it encourages terrorists ... TRUMP: No, I am no different than — no, I think it discourages terrorists, I think it discourages. I think what we’ve done on the border discourages it. I think that my stance on having people come in to this country that we have no idea who they are and in certain cases you will have radical Islamic terrorism. I’m not going to have it in this country. I’m not going to let what happened to France and other places happen here. And it’s already largely, you know — we have tens — we have hundreds of thousands of people that have been allowed into our country that should not be here. They shouldn’t be here. We have people allowed into our country with no documentation whatsoever. They have no documentation and they were allowed under the previous administrations, they were allowed into our country. It’s a big mistake. AP: Just so that I am clear. You are not endorsing her for the office, but you are — TRUMP: I am not endorsing her and I didn’t mention her name. AP: Right, I just wanted to make sure I have that clear. TRUMP: I believe whoever is the toughest on radical Islamic terrorism and whoever is the toughest at the borders will do well at the election. I am not saying that person is going to win, she is not even favored to win, you know. Right now, she is in second place. ___ AP: I have a question on the markets, actually. One thing that I think has been different about this White House is that you do point to the markets as a sign of progress. Do you worry, though — I mean, the markets go up and down. TRUMP: You live by the sword, you die by the sword, to a certain extent. But we create a lot of jobs, 500,000 jobs as of two months ago, and plenty created since. Five hundred thousand. ... As an example, Ford, General Motors. I’ve had cases where the gentleman from China, Ma, Jack Ma (chairman of Alibaba Group), he comes up, he says, “Only because of you am I making this massive investment.” Intel, only because of you. ... The press never writes that. ___ AP: What about NAFTA? What’s the plan on NAFTA? TRUMP: What would you like to know? AP: I would like to know what your plan is in terms of renegotiating. TRUMP: I am very upset with NAFTA. I think NAFTA has been a catastrophic trade deal for the United States, trading agreement for the United States. It hurts us with Canada, and it hurts us with Mexico. Most people don’t even think of NAFTA in terms of Canada. You saw what happened yesterday in my statements, because if you look at the dairy farmers in Wisconsin and upstate New York, they are getting killed by NAFTA. AP: Is your plan still, though, to renegotiate the whole deal? TRUMP: I am going to either renegotiate it or I am going to terminate it. AP: Termination is still on the table. TRUMP: Absolutely. If they don’t treat fairly, I am terminating NAFTA. AP: What’s a timeline for that decision? TRUMP: It’s a six-month termination clause, I have the right to do it, it’s a six-month clause. ___ AP: If I could fit a couple of more topics. Jeff Sessions, your attorney general, is taking a tougher line suddenly on Julian Assange, saying that arresting him is a priority. You were supportive of what WikiLeaks was doing during the campaign with the release of the Clinton emails. Do you think that arresting Assange is a priority for the United States? TRUMP: When Wikileaks came out ... never heard of Wikileaks, never heard of it. When Wikileaks came out, all I was just saying is, “Well, look at all this information here, this is pretty good stuff.” You know, they tried to hack the Republican, the RNC, but we had good defenses. They didn’t have defenses, which is pretty bad management. But we had good defenses, they tried to hack both of them. They weren’t able to get through to Republicans. No, I found it very interesting when I read this stuff and I said, “Wow.” It was just a figure of speech. I said, “Well, look at this. It’s good reading.” AP: But that didn’t mean that you supported what Assange is doing? TRUMP: No, I don’t support or unsupport. It was just information. They shouldn’t have allowed it to get out. If they had the proper defensive devices on their internet, you know, equipment, they wouldn’t even allow the FBI. How about this — they get hacked, and the FBI goes to see them, and they won’t let the FBI see their server. But do you understand, nobody ever writes it. Why wouldn’t (former Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John) Podesta and Hillary Clinton allow the FBI to see the server? They brought in another company that I hear is Ukrainian-based. AP: CrowdStrike? TRUMP: That’s what I heard. I heard it’s owned by a very rich Ukrainian, that’s what I heard. But they brought in another company to investigate the server. Why didn’t they allow the FBI in to investigate the server? I mean, there is so many things that nobody writes about. It’s incredible. AP: Can I just ask you, though — do you believe it is a priority for the United States, or it should be a priority, to arrest Julian Assange? TRUMP: I am not involved in that decision, but if Jeff Sessions wants to do it, it’s OK with me. I didn’t know about that decision, but if they want to do it, it’s OK with me. ___ AP: On Iran, which is another thing you talked a lot on the campaign — TRUMP: And the other thing that we should go after is the leakers. ... AP: On Iran, you also talked about it quite a bit on the campaign trail. And you said in the press conference yesterday that you think that Iran is violating the spirit of the agreement. When you say that, do you mean in terms of the actual nuclear accord, or do you mean what they are doing in the region? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing all over the Middle East and beyond. AP: So you believe that they are complying with the agreement? TRUMP: No, I don’t say that. I say that I believe they have broken the spirit of the agreement. There is a spirit to agreements, and they have broken it. AP: In terms of what they are doing elsewhere in the Middle East? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing of all over. AP: When you talk to European leaders, when you talk to Merkel, for example, or Teresa May, what do they say about the nuclear deal? Do they want you to stay in that deal? TRUMP: I don’t talk to them about it. AP: You don’t talk to them about the Iran deal? TRUMP: I mention it, but it’s very personal when I talk to them, you know, it’s confidential. No, they have their own opinions. I don’t say that they are different than my opinions, but I’d rather have you ask them that question. AP: At this point, do you believe that you will stay in the nuclear deal? TRUMP: It’s possible that we won’t. ___ AP: Dreamers, you’ve talked about them, you’ve talked about heart earlier. This is one area where you have talked — TRUMP: No, we aren’t looking to do anything right now. Look, the dreamers ... this is an interesting case, they left and they came back and he’s got some problems, it’s a little different than the dreamer case, right? But we are putting MS-13 in jail and getting them the hell out of our country. They’ve taken over towns and cities and we are being really brutal with MS-13, and that’s what we should be. They are a bad group, and somebody said they are as bad as al-Qaida, which is a hell of a reference. So we are moving criminals out of our country and we are getting them out in record numbers and those are the people we are after. We are not after the dreamers, we are after the criminals. AP: And that’s going to be the policy of your administration to allow the dreamers to stay? TRUMP: Yes. Yes. That’s our policy. I am not saying ... long-term, we are going to have to fix the problem, the whole immigration problem. But I will tell you: Right now we have a great gentleman, one of my real stars is Gen. (John) Kelly, now (Homeland Security) Secretary Kelly. We are down 73 percent at the border, we are cleaning out cities and towns of hard-line criminals, some of the worst people on earth, people that rape and kill women, people that are killing people just for the sake of having fun. They are being thrown in jails and they are being ... all over the country and nobody’s ever done it like us, so we are being unbelievably thorough with that. We are out in Long Island cleaning out the MS-13 scum, they are all scum, that’s probably the worst gang anywhere on Earth. ... AP: A lot of the dreamers have been hoping to hear something from you. I don’t want to give them the wrong message with this. TRUMP: Here is what they can hear: The dreamers should rest easy. OK? I’ll give you that. The dreamers should rest easy. ... ___ (An aide talks about the president’s address to Congress.) TRUMP: A lot of the people have said that, some people said it was the single best speech ever made in that chamber. AP: You seem like you enjoyed it. TRUMP: I did. I did. I believed in it and I enjoyed it. It was a great feeling to introduce the wife of a great young soldier who died getting us very valuable information. Have you seen the tremendous success? ... That’s another thing that nobody talks about. Have you seen the tremendous success we’ve had in the Middle East with the ISIS (an abbreviation for the Islamic State group)? When (current Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al) Abadi left from Iraq, he said Trump has more success in eight weeks than Obama had in eight years. ... We have had tremendous success, but we don’t talk about it. We don’t talk about it. AP: Do you mean you don’t talk about it personally because you don’t want to talk about it? TRUMP: I don’t talk about it. No. And the generals don’t talk about it. ___ AP: You had put a request into the Pentagon to put forward an ISIS plan within 30 days. I know they have sent that over. Have you accepted a plan? Are you moving forward on a strategy? TRUMP: We have a very strong plan, but we cannot talk about it, Julie. AP: So you have decided on a plan? TRUMP: Remember how many times have you been to the speech where I talked about Mosul. AP: Right. TRUMP. Right. Mosul. Four months we are going in, three months. We are still fighting Mosul. You know why? Because they were prepared. If we would have gone in and just done it, it would have been over three months ago. AP: Can you say generally what the strategy is? Should people — TRUMP: Generally is we have got to get rid of ISIS. We have no choice. And other terrorist organizations. AP: Should Americans who are serving in the military expect that you are going to increase troop numbers in the Middle East to fight ISIS? TRUMP: No, not much. AP: In terms of the strategy, though, that you have accepted, it sounds like, from the generals — TRUMP: Well, they’ve also accepted my strategy. AP: Does that involve more troops on the ground, it sounds like? TRUMP: Not many. AP: So a small increase? TRUMP: It could be an increase, then an increase. But not many more. I want to do the job, but not many more. ... This is an important story. I’ve done a lot. I’ve done more than any other president in the first 100 days and I think the first 100 days is an artificial barrier. And I’m scheduled ... the foundations have been set to do some great things. With foreign countries. Look at, look at President Xi. I mean ... AP: What do you think it was about your chemistry? TRUMP: We had good chemistry. Now I don’t know that I think that’s going to produce results but you’ve got a good chance. AP: Uh-huh. TRUMP: Look, he turned down many coal ships. These massive coal ships are coming where they get a lot of their income. They’re coming into China and they’re being turned away. That’s never happened before. The fuel, the oil, so many different things. You saw the editorial they had in their paper saying they cannot be allowed to have nuclear, you know, et cetera. People have said they’ve never seen this ever before in China. We have the same relationship with others. There’s a great foundation that’s built. Great foundation. And I think it’s going to produce tremendous results for our country. ___ AP: One more 100 days question. TRUMP: That’s fine. AP: ... is do you think you have the right team in place for your next 100 days? TRUMP: Yes. I think my team has been, well, I have different teams. I think my military team has been treated with great respect. As they should be. I think my other team hasn’t been treated with the respect that they should get. We have some very talented people, and very diverse people. AP: Do you mean your White House team when you say that? TRUMP: Yeah, my White House team. I think Reince (Priebus) has been doing an excellent job. I think that, you know, this is a very tough environment not caused necessarily by me. Although the election has, you know, look, the Democrats had a tremendous opportunity because the electoral college, as I said, is so skewed to them. You start off by losing in New York and California, no matter who it is. If, if Abe Lincoln came back to life, he would lose New York and he would lose California. It’s just the registration, there’s nothing you can do. So you’re losing the two biggest states, that’s where you start. OK. The Electoral College is so skewed in favor of a Democrat that it’s very, very hard. Look at Obama’s number in the Electoral College. His numbers on the win were ... but the Electoral College numbers were massive. You lose New York, you lose Illinois. Illinois is impossible to win. And you look at, so now you lose New York, Illinois, no matter what you do, and California. Right. And you say, man. Now you have to win Florida, you have to win Ohio, you have to win North Carolina. You have to win all these states, and then I won Wisconsin and Michigan and all of these other places, but you remember there was no way to, there was no way to 270. AP: Right. TRUMP: So she had this massive advantage, she spent hundreds of millions of dollars more money than I spent. Hundreds of millions ... Yeah. Or more, actually because we were $375 she was at $2.2 billion. But whatever. She spent massive amounts of money more and she lost. Solidly lost, because you know it wasn’t 270, it was 306. So there’s anger. But there was massive anger before I got there, so it’s not easy for a White House staff to realize that you are going into a situation where you are going to be at no, where are going to get no votes. I mean, here’s a judge who is No. 1 at Columbia, No. 1 at Harvard and an Oxford scholar. And he got three votes. AP: Three Democratic votes, but yeah. TRUMP: Three Democratic votes. OK. He’s an Oxford scholar at the highest level. The No. 1, you know, one of the great academics, one of the great writers. No bad decisions with all ... nothing. He’s like a ... AP: Do you think that you can break through that? I mean this — TRUMP: Yeah, I do. AP: Is one of the biggest challenges for a president. TRUMP: I think (I) can to an extent. But there’s a, there’s a basic hard-line core that you can’t break though, OK, that you can’t break through. There’s a hard-line group you can’t break through, you can’t. It’s sad. You can’t. Look, I met with Congressman Cummings and I really liked him, a lot. Elijah Cummings (of Maryland). I really liked him a lot. And during the conversation because we have a very strong mutual feeling on drug prices. He came to see me, at my invitation, because I saw him talking about, he came to see me about drug prices because drug prices are ridiculous. And I am going to get them way, way, way down and he liked that. He said you will be the greatest president. He said you will be, in front of five, six people, he said you will be the greatest president in the history of this country. AP: He disputed that slightly. TRUMP: That’s what he said. I mean, what can I tell you? AP: Yeah. TRUMP: There’s six people sitting here. What did he, what, what do you mean by slightly? AP: He said, he said that he felt like you could be a great president if and then — TRUMP: Well he said, you’ll be the greatest president in the history of, but you know what, I’ll take that also, but that you could be. But he said, will be the greatest president but I would also accept the other. In other words, if you do your job, but I accept that. Then I watched him interviewed and it was like he never even was here. It’s incredible. I watched him interviewed a week later and it’s like he was never in my office. And you can even say that. ___ AP: And that’s one of the difficulties I think presidents have had is that you can have these personal relationships with people from the other party, but then it’s hard to actually change how people vote or change how people — TRUMP: No I have, it’s interesting, I have, seem to get very high ratings. I definitely. You know Chris Wallace had 9.2 million people, it’s the highest in the history of the show. I have all the ratings for all those morning shows. When I go, they go double, triple. Chris Wallace, look back during the Army-Navy football game, I did his show that morning. AP: I remember, right. TRUMP: It had 9.2 million people. It’s the highest they’ve ever had. On any, on air, (CBS “Face the Nation” host John) Dickerson had 5.2 million people. It’s the highest for “Face the Nation” or as I call it, “Deface the Nation.” It’s the highest for “Deface the Nation” since the World Trade Center. Since the World Trade Center came down. It’s a tremendous advantage. I have learned one thing, because I get treated very unfairly, that’s what I call it, the fake media. And the fake media is not all of the media. You know they tried to say that the fake media was all the, no. The fake media is some of you. I could tell you who it is, 100 percent. Sometimes you’re fake, but — but the fake media is some of the media. It bears no relationship to the truth. It’s not that Fox treats me well, it’s that Fox is the most accurate. AP: Do you believe that? That Fox — TRUMP: I do. I get treated so badly. Yesterday, about the thing, you know when I said it’s a terrorism ... it may be. I said it may be a terrorist attack and MSNBC, I heard, went crazy, “He called it a terrorist attack.” They thought it was a bank robbery. By the way, I’m 10-0 for that. I’ve called every one of them. Every time they said I called it way too early and then it turns out I’m ... Whatever. Whatever. In the meantime, I’m here and they’re not. ___ AP: Do you feel that one of the things with cable is there’s such real-time reaction with everything you say? TRUMP: Yeah. AP: Can you separate that sometimes from that actual decision? TRUMP: The one thing — AP: That you have to do — TRUMP: OK. The one thing I’ve learned to do that I never thought I had the ability to do. I don’t watch CNN anymore. AP: You just said you did. TRUMP: No. No, I, if I’m passing it, what did I just say (inaudible)? AP: You just said — TRUMP: Where? Where? AP: Two minutes ago. TRUMP: No, they treat me so badly. No, I just said that. No, I, what’d I say, I stopped watching them. But I don’t watch CNN anymore. I don’t watch MSNBC. I don’t watch it. Now I heard yesterday that MSNBC, you know, they tell me what’s going on. AP: Right. TRUMP: In fact, they also did. I never thought I had the ability to not watch. Like, people think I watch (MSNBC’s) “Morning Joe.” I don’t watch “Morning Joe.” I never thought I had the ability to, and who used to treat me great by the way, when I played the game. I never thought I had the ability to not watch what is unpleasant, if it’s about me. Or pleasant. But when I see it’s such false reporting and such bad reporting and false reporting that I’ve developed an ability that I never thought I had. I don’t watch things that are unpleasant. I just don’t watch them. AP: And do you feel like that’s, that’s because of the office that you now occupy — TRUMP: No. AP: That you’ve made that change? TRUMP: I don’t know why it is, but I’ve developed that ability, and it’s happened over the last, over the last year. AP: That’s interesting. TRUMP: And I don’t watch things that I know are going to be unpleasant. CNN has covered me unfairly and incorrectly and I don’t watch them anymore. A lot of people don’t watch them anymore, they’re now in third place. But I’ve created something where people are watching ... but I don’t watch CNN anymore. I don’t watch MSNBC anymore. I don’t watch things, and I never thought I had that ability. I always thought I’d watch. AP: Sure. TRUMP: I just don’t. And that’s taken place over the last year. And you know what that is, that’s a great, it’s a great thing because you leave, you leave for work in the morning you know, you’re, you don’t watch this total negativity. I never thought I’d be able to do that and for me, it’s so easy to do now. Just don’t watch. AP: That’s interesting. TRUMP: Maybe it’s because I’m here. I don’t know.     More: Donald Trump Us Presidential Elections Associated Press Suggest a correction Advertisement Suggested For You by Gravity Comments Advertisement Suggested For You Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW UK DAILY BRIEF Learn more Newsletter 1.21 M 186 K 22.6 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Donald Trump's AP Interview And The 15 Most WTF Moments CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive "The Huffington Post UK" is provided by AOL (UK) Limited. © 2017 AOL (UK) Limited its affiliates and licensors. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
Indian firms and H1B visas | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Companies Last Modified: Mon, Apr 24 2017. 07 02 PM IST Qatar Airways to soon apply to hold minority stake in Indian airline Qatar Airways has said it plans to operate a domestic Indian carrier with around 100 jets Subscribe to our newsletter. Alexander Cornwell Qatar Airways also announced 12 new destinations to start in 2018, including direct flights to San Francisco in the US. Photo: Juha Remes Dubai: Qatar Airways will finalise a long-negotiated agreement to buy 49% of Italy’s Meridiana in the coming days, and soon apply with Qatar’s sovereign wealth fund to start an Indian airline. Qatar Airways will sign the agreement with Italy’s second biggest airline in the next “few days”, chief executive Akbar al-Baker said on Monday. The airline has been negotiating to buy a stake in Meridiana for more than year, a deal that could help the loss-making Italian carrier’s ability to compete in Europe. Meridiana would operate as a full-service carrier to destinations in Europe and beyond, al-Baker said, with the airline taking delivery of 20 Boeing 737 MAXs from the second quarter of 2018. The 737s will come from a Qatar Airways order of Boeing jets announced last October. Al-Baker declined to say how much Qatar Airways would invest in the Italian carrier. Meridiana, which offers flights to and from the island of Sardinia and other destinations in Italy, is owned by the Aga Khan, a businessman and spiritual leader of the Ismaili Muslims. Qatar Airways will also apply with the Qatar investment authority (QIA) for a domestic Indian airline operating licence in the next few weeks, al-Baker said. The Indian carrier would be majority owned by QIA, with Qatar Airways controlling a minority interest, he said. Manufacturers Airbus, Boeing, Bombardier and Embraer would be welcome to bid for orders from the Indian carrier, al-Baker said. Qatar Airways has said it plans to operate a domestic Indian carrier with around 100 jets. The Doha-based airline also announced on Monday 12 new destinations to start in 2018, including direct flights to San Francisco in the United States. The US expansion contrasts with rival Emirates, which said this month it would cut flights on five US destinations from May due to a “significant deterioration” in bookings. This followed US President Donald Trump’s attempts to restrict travel from some Muslim countries, which has hit demand from West Asia. “We didn’t have massive declines like other carriers,” al-Baker said. “We will continue our expansion.” The airline has seen “some decline” in passenger demand on US routes, but he said this was manageable. Qatar Airways has delayed plans to start flights to Las Vegas until the second quarter 2018, from the first quarter of that year, “mainly due to technical reasons,” al-Baker said. The airline, like Emirates and Etihad Airways, has faced more than two years of opposition in the US, led by major carriers American Airlines, United Airlines and Delta Air Lines . The three US carriers have lobbied the US government to investigate claims the West Asian rivals have received billions of dollars in state aid, which those airlines deny. “We create jobs, we buy American, we invest in the United States and I think we outweigh whatever job creation these three American carriers are doing,” al-Baker said. Reuters Alexander Cornwell Topics: Qatar Airways Meridiana Qatar Airways Indian airline US expansion aviation More From Livemint READ MORE Jubilant Life gets USFDA nod for hypertension drug Consumers prefer laptops, desktops over televisions to watch TV shows: report Where would Apple, Cisco, IBM be if not for talent from across globe, says Urjit Patel First Published: Mon, Apr 24 2017. 07 02 PM IST Editor's Picks H-1B visa issue: Govt says in talks with US How the end of H1B visa lottery could impact Infosys, TCS, Cognizant Can India replace China as driver of world GDP growth over next 20 years? Latest News Consumers prefer laptops, desktops over televisions to watch TV shows: report Where would Apple, Cisco, IBM be if not for talent from across globe, says Urjit Patel Malegaon blasts case: Bombay HC grants bail to Sadhvi Pragya JLL India sells residential brokerage business to former India head Anuj Puri Global gold prices ease after French election results Mint On Sunday It’s a big deal: Poker gets into a league of its own The ruminations of Vimal Das, Dalit and Hindu priest It's time to reform the RTE Act Desperately seeking Amitabh Bachchan Letter from… a purge Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Wed, 12 April 2017 Travel News Asia Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Exclusive HD Video Interviews with VIPs Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ TravelNewsAsia.com Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News Norsk Titanium to Deliver World’s First FAA-Approved 3D-Printed Structural Components to Boeing Norsk Titanium has received a production purchase order from Boeing for 3D-printed structural titanium components that are being produced by Norsk’s proprietary Rapid Plasma Deposition (RPD) process. “We are proud to take this historical step with a great aerospace innovator like Boeing,” said Norsk Titanium President & Chief Executive Officer Warren M. Boley, Jr. “The Norsk Titanium team will continue to expand the portfolio of components supplied to Boeing meeting stringent certification requirements. It is an honor to earn FAA approval for these structural parts.” Boeing designed the components and collaborated closely with Norsk Titanium throughout the development process. To certify these initial structural components on the Dreamliner, Boeing and Norsk Titanium undertook a rigorous testing program with FAA certification deliverables completed in February 2017. Norsk Titanium, with their wire-based RPD process, is the first supplier for Boeing’s high deposition rate material specification. “From the outset, the 787 has been the hallmark of innovation and efficiency,” said John Byrne, vice president, Airplane Materials and Structures, Supplier Management, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. “We are always looking at the latest technologies to drive cost reduction, performance and value to our customers and Norsk Titanium’s RPD capability fits the bill in a new and creative way.” The Dreamliner RPD components will be on display at the International Paris Airshow, Le Bourget 19-25 June 2017 at Norsk Titanium’s booth in Hall 1, Space H299, along with a full-scale mock-up of the company’s patented Merke IV Rapid Plasma Deposition machine that produced the pioneering structural parts. See other recent news regarding: Boeing, Dreamliner, 787, Norsk, Titanium. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet AccorHotels Opens Novotel Bangkok Sukhumvit 20 Hilton Opens Resort in Jiuzhaigou, China Global Standards, Cooperation and Data Key to Keeping Aviation Safe HMH Appoints Aboudi Asali as CEO Exec Appointments at The Murray, HK Hotel Vic in Hong Kong Appoints GM / DOSM Air Canada Participating in Biofuel Project EU Hotel Industry Reports Q1 Increase in ADR, OR & RevPAR Israel Reports 49% Increase in Arrivals from India Qatar Airways to Launch Third Daily Flight to Bali, Indonesia Thai AirAsia Receives AOC Re-Certification from CAAT APAC Hotels Report Q1 2017 Increase in RevPAR Special NZ Welcome Planned for British & Irish Lions Dorsett to Transform Shepherd's Bush Palladium in London London City Airport Looking for New CEO Bombardier Appoints Chief Information Officer Outrigger Appoints Account Director SEA PAL to Enhance Passenger Experience with Crew Tab Bologna Airport Installs Scan&Fly Bag Drop SAS to Launch Flights to Eilat, Israel Holiday Inn Bellingham First to Feature H4 Design Roshan Mendis Moving to London as Sabre's SVP US Hotels Report Q1 Increase in RevPAR Virgin America Takes Delivery of Airbus' First A321neo Honeywell's Integrated Multi-Mode Receiver Receives FAA Cert Dusit Signs First Hotel in Bangladesh Melia Opens Innside Yogyakarta London Home to Brand New Novotel Hotel Movenpick Signs Third Hotel in Pakistan AirAsia Acquires 50% Stake in Touristly HNA Donates RMB300,000 to HK's SHTM Phoenix Hotels Report Highest Revenue Boost During NCAA Final Four Warburton to Captain British & Irish Lions Etihad and Diehl Aerosystems to Create 3D-Printed Parts Emma Dupont Joins Zaplox as Sales Director USA Dusit Hotels to Accept WeChat Pay Amadeus to Offer OTAs Visual Website Optimizer Hilton Appoints President Greater China and Mongolia Conrad Koh Samui Appoints GM Two Shilla Stay Hotels Open in South Korea Qatar Airways and IATA Resolution 753 Malaysia Airlines to Get 100% Global Flight Tracking Hampton by Hilton London Docklands Appoints GM FlySafair Enhances Distribution with Hahn Air 137 Pillars Suites Bangkok Appoints GM Fiji Airways Celebrates HK7s Victory with Promotion HK7s and The Park Lane HK, a Pullman Hotel - HD Video Interview Submarine to Give Hotel Guests New Underwater Experience Cebu Pacific to Launch Four New Routes Accor to Rebrand Luxury Hotel in Marrakech BreakFree Adelaide Under Renovation Wyndham Appoints CEO of Timeshare Business Silk Way Orders Ten Boeing 737 MAX 8s Chef Ciro Petrone Joins Four Seasons Seoul Swiss-Belhotel Appoints SVP Operations MEAI Rolls-Royce Appoints Chief Tech Officer Canada Beat USA to Win Singapore 7s Tourists from China, France, Germany, UK and US World's Top Spenders Singapore Airlines and SilkAir to Codeshare with Air France-KLM FCS Launches Cloud-Based CosmoPMS Boeing 737 MAX 9 Completes First Flight Hong Kong to Face Fiji, Canada and Russia at Singapore Sevens Cathay Pacific Makes Changes to Senior Management Team Finnair Selects Fazer as Lounge Partner for Helsinki Airport Making a Difference: Korean Air Providing Relief Goods to Northern Peru Finnair to Take Control of Inflight Meals Diego Munoz to Introduce Peruvian Cuisine to Belmond Andean Explorer Pictures from Hong Kong Sevens 2017 First Large Sections of Airbusâ€™ BelugaXL Arrive in Toulouse Show More Travel News Carlson Wagonlit Travel Appoints Chief Marketing Officer 2,611 Hotel Projects Under Contract in APAC Air BP and RocketRoute Partner WingsOverAsia IATA Reports 8.4% Increase in FTKs for February Executive Appointments at Amadeus Hong Kong Airlines and Asiana to Codeshare Pegipegi Completes Integration with eRevMax Jiangsu Jet to Install Honeywell Systems on CRJ200s Norsk Titanium Signs Special Deal with Boeing Stuttgart Airport Installs Self-Service Bag Drop Hahn Air's HR-169 Tickets Available in Cuba New GM at Banjaran Hotsprings Retreat in Perak AccorHotels Acquires Availpro First Investor Group Buys Hotel in Dubai Accor Signs World's Largest Mercure Hotel Mantra Sydney Airport Hotel to Open June British Airways to Upgrade Travel Experience World's Best Rugby Sevens Teams in Singapore Zetta Jet Takes Delivery of Global 6000 Boeing Selects Site in Texas for Global Services HQ Worldhotels Appoints Christina Spykerman as EVP APAC Thai Airways to Codeshare with Bangkok Airways Pictures from Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Cathay Pacific to Increase and Upgrade Flights to Manchester Bombardier Opens Business Jet Service Centre in Tianjin, China SilkAir Launches Flights to Colombo, Sri Lanka Fiji Beat South Africa to Win 2017 HK7s A350-1000 Completes Noise Tests in Spain Emirates to Launch Double Daily Services to Bali, Indonesia Rugby: Scotland to Play in Singapore, Australia and Fiji in June SITAOnAir to Deliver Inflight Mobile 3.5G Connectivity New Management Structure for FCM Hilton Signs Six Hotels in Sri Lanka Aviation: Strong Passenger Demand in February SITA Enhances Content on SIA's Mobile App Cebu Pacific Now Accepting American Express Nobu Ryokan Malibu to Open 28 April IHG Opens First Holiday Inn Hotel in Chennai Hotel Performance After Westminster Attack Nice Implements SITA's Airport Solution Airbus Develops New Forward Stairs Option for A380 IHG Signs Second Holiday Inn Express Hotel in New Zealand Four Points Opens in Melbourne's Docklands Chef Guillaume Galliot Joins Caprice at Four Seasons Hong Kong Amadeus to Facilitate Bus Travel Elbit and FAA to Research EFVS for Helicopters Saab to Upgrade A-SMGCS at Changi Airport Hilton Appoints SVP - Luxury, Lifestyle, Resort and Corporate Development Sustainable Tourism Observatory of Sonoma Joins UNWTO INSTO Anantara Opens First Hotel in Europe Geven to Produce ATR's New Seats Sabre Travel Network Appoints VP Supplier Commerce APAC HKRU and Laureus Tackling Barriers Through Sport Airbus Launches Interiors Services Subsidiary Iran Aseman Airlines Signs MOA for 30 B737s Air Arabia Launches Flights to Baku, Azerbaijan Air Caraibes and French Blue to Upgrade IFE Honeywell Launches Lightweight Satellite Comms System SIAEC and Stratasys Sign MOU Louis Vuitton to Open Duplex Boutique at Changi Airport Ascott to Establish 5,000+ Citadines Units in Sao Paulo Movenpick Signs First Hotel in Ethiopia Airbus and SITA to Provide Cybersecurity Services Scoot Renews Distribution Deal with Amadeus AccorHotels Acquires VeryChic MIAT Mongolian Airlines to Lease Two B737s Klaus Goersch Resigns from Air Canada Cigna Becomes an Official Sponsor of HK7s US$2.2b Boeing Contract Funds P-8 Aircraft for AU, UK & US Dusit Signs D2 Hotel on Chaengwattana, Nonthaburi Ascott Opens in Marunouchi, Tokyo Vietjet Launches Hanoi - Siem Reap Flights Samoa and Tonga Rugby Sevens Teams Help Shark Conservation Jet Airways Launches Chandigarh - Jaipur Flights Swiss-Belhotel Takes Over Hotel in Indonesia Boeing 787-10 Begins Test Flights IATA Questions New US and UK Security Measures Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama Elephant Conservation in Thailand - Interview Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Pictures of Hong Kong Rugby Sevens 2017 Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News AccorHotels Opens Novotel Bangkok Sukhumvit 20 Hilton Opens Resort in Jiuzhaigou, China Global Standards, Cooperation and Data Key to Keeping Aviation Safe HMH Appoints Aboudi Asali as CEO Exec Appointments at The Murray, HK Hotel Vic in Hong Kong Appoints GM / DOSM Air Canada Participating in Biofuel Project EU Hotel Industry Reports Q1 Increase in ADR, OR & RevPAR Israel Reports 49% Increase in Arrivals from India Qatar Airways to Launch Third Daily Flight to Bali, Indonesia Thai AirAsia Receives AOC Re-Certification from CAAT APAC Hotels Report Q1 2017 Increase in RevPAR Special NZ Welcome Planned for British & Irish Lions Dorsett to Transform Shepherd's Bush Palladium in London London City Airport Looking for New CEO Bombardier Appoints Chief Information Officer Outrigger Appoints Account Director SEA PAL to Enhance Passenger Experience with Crew Tab Bologna Airport Installs Scan&Fly Bag Drop SAS to Launch Flights to Eilat, Israel Holiday Inn Bellingham First to Feature H4 Design Roshan Mendis Moving to London as Sabre's SVP US Hotels Report Q1 Increase in RevPAR Virgin America Takes Delivery of Airbus' First A321neo Honeywell's Integrated Multi-Mode Receiver Receives FAA Cert Dusit Signs First Hotel in Bangladesh Melia Opens Innside Yogyakarta London Home to Brand New Novotel Hotel Movenpick Signs Third Hotel in Pakistan AirAsia Acquires 50% Stake in Touristly HNA Donates RMB300,000 to HK's SHTM Phoenix Hotels Report Highest Revenue Boost During NCAA Final Four Warburton to Captain British & Irish Lions Etihad and Diehl Aerosystems to Create 3D-Printed Parts Emma Dupont Joins Zaplox as Sales Director USA Dusit Hotels to Accept WeChat Pay Amadeus to Offer OTAs Visual Website Optimizer Hilton Appoints President Greater China and Mongolia Conrad Koh Samui Appoints GM Two Shilla Stay Hotels Open in South Korea Qatar Airways and IATA Resolution 753 Malaysia Airlines to Get 100% Global Flight Tracking Hampton by Hilton London Docklands Appoints GM FlySafair Enhances Distribution with Hahn Air 137 Pillars Suites Bangkok Appoints GM Fiji Airways Celebrates HK7s Victory with Promotion HK7s and The Park Lane HK, a Pullman Hotel - HD Video Interview Submarine to Give Hotel Guests New Underwater Experience Cebu Pacific to Launch Four New Routes Accor to Rebrand Luxury Hotel in Marrakech BreakFree Adelaide Under Renovation Wyndham Appoints CEO of Timeshare Business Silk Way Orders Ten Boeing 737 MAX 8s Chef Ciro Petrone Joins Four Seasons Seoul Swiss-Belhotel Appoints SVP Operations MEAI Rolls-Royce Appoints Chief Tech Officer Canada Beat USA to Win Singapore 7s Tourists from China, France, Germany, UK and US World's Top Spenders Singapore Airlines and SilkAir to Codeshare with Air France-KLM FCS Launches Cloud-Based CosmoPMS Boeing 737 MAX 9 Completes First Flight Hong Kong to Face Fiji, Canada and Russia at Singapore Sevens Cathay Pacific Makes Changes to Senior Management Team Finnair Selects Fazer as Lounge Partner for Helsinki Airport Making a Difference: Korean Air Providing Relief Goods to Northern Peru Finnair to Take Control of Inflight Meals Diego Munoz to Introduce Peruvian Cuisine to Belmond Andean Explorer Pictures from Hong Kong Sevens 2017 First Large Sections of Airbus' BelugaXL Arrive in Toulouse Carlson Wagonlit Travel Appoints Chief Marketing Officer 2,611 Hotels Under Contract in APAC Air BP and RocketRoute Partner WingsOverAsia IATA Reports 8.4% Increase in FTKs Exec Appointments at Amadeus Hong Kong Airlines and Asiana Codeshare Pegipegi Completes eRevMax Integration Jiangsu Jet to Install Honeywell Systems on CRJ200s Norsk Titanium Signs Special Deal with Boeing Stuttgart Airport Installs Self-Service Bag Drop Hahn Air's HR-169 Tickets Available in Cuba New GM at Banjaran Hotsprings Retreat in Perak AccorHotels Acquires Availpro First Investor Group Buys Hotel in Dubai Accor Signs World's Largest Mercure Hotel Mantra Sydney Airport Hotel to Open June British Airways to Upgrade Travel Experience World's Best Sevens Teams in Singapore Zetta Jet Takes Delivery of Global 6000 Boeing Selects Site for Global Services HQ Worldhotels Appoints Christina Spykerman as EVP APAC Thai Airways to Codeshare with Bangkok Airways Cathay Pacific to Increase and Upgrade Flights to Manchester Bombardier Opens Business Jet Service Centre in Tianjin SilkAir Launches Flights to Colombo Fiji Beat South Africa to Win 2017 HK7s IATA Questions New US and UK Security Measures Air Astana Offering Free Expo Tickets Mekhong Wins King's Cup Elephant Polo Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama Elephant Conservation in Thailand - Interview Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH High-Res Pictures of Hong Kong Sevens HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor When You're Proven Right, We Feel Great When it comes to chip-equipment investments, “Last call still seems to be a ways off.” Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money D.R. Barton's10 Minute Millionaire Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy HOME Hot Topics Stocks to Buy "New Fuel" Marijuana Stocks Stocks Under $5 North Korea Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Top Stocks to Watch Today: BA, HAS, AKTX Message: URL: https://mney.co/2pWfYgG seven  −   =  one Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Top Stocks to Watch Today: BA, HAS, AKTX Message: URL: https://mney.co/2pWfYgG 1  ×   =  8 Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Follow topicFollow Stocks to Watchno responses Stocks Top Stocks to Watch Today: BA, HAS, AKTX By Ashley Moore, Associate Editor, Money Morning • April 24, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website 8  −   =  seven The top stocks to watch today (Monday) are Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA), Hasbro Inc. (NYSE: HAS), and Akari Therapeutics Plc. (Nasdaq ADR: AKTX). Emmanuel Macron (23.9%) and Marine Le Pen (21.4%) are moving on to the French runoff elections on May 7. Macron is expected to win, easing fears over a French exit of the EU. Gold is down 1% this morning, while Dow futures are up over 200 points (1%) on the French election news. With only one candidate wanting to leave the EU (Le Pen), investors are more optimistic about the stability of Europe and the euro. Now that we know what's moving markets, here are the three top stocks to watch today… Top Stocks to Watch Today: Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) Boeing stock is up 1.9% in early morning trading. The boost in share price is likely due to Gabelli Equity Trust Inc. (NYSE: GAB) reissuing their "Buy" rating of the company. In recent months, two companies downgraded Boeing's rating. Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS) downgraded the company from "Overweight" to "Equal Weight" (the equivalent of buy to hold) in March. Buckingham Research downgraded Boeing's rating from "Neutral" (hold) to "Underperform" (sell) in February. Currently, the one-year price target for Boeing is $181.90, just above where it is currently trading. Must See: This Great Depression-Era "Secret" Helped Transform Two Teachers into Millionaires. Read more… BA stock is currently trading at $180.38 for a gain of 15.9% so far this year. Top Stocks to Watch Today: Hasbro Inc. (Nasdaq: HAS) Hasbro stock is up 6.2% in early morning trading after announcing its earnings report. The toy maker reported earnings per share (EPS) of $0.54, which is up from $0.38 for the same quarter a year ago. Analysts had expected EPS of $0.38. Revenue came in at $849.7 million, which is up from the $831.2 million reported last year.  Expectations called for $818.3 million in revenue. HAS stock is trading at $96.03 for a gain of 23.5% year to date (YTD). Top Stocks to Watch Today: Akari Therapeutics Plc. (Nasdaq ADR: AKTX) Akari stock is extremely volatile this morning, trading in a range of down 12% to up 10%, after announcing positive results for its mid-stage trial. The clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company announced its treatment for paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria, a rare blood disorder, showed positive results. The company is expecting to take Coversin to phase 3 clinical trials by the end of the year in order to target early 2019 for bringing the drug to market. While the trial is good news for the company, it has not made a profit. This quarter, it is expected that the company will lose $0.54 per share. AKTX is currently trading at $25.21 for a loss of 8.5% YTD. Marijuana Investing: What You Need to Know… The legal marijuana market is going ballistic. Last year, sales skyrocketed to $6.7 billion… and several analysts estimate sales could eventually reach $150 to $200 billion each and every year. Even better, right now marijuana stocks are on fire, with peak gains quadrupling in value. And these are mostly small companies trading for under $10. Click here to find out how you can be the next "Marijuana Millionaire"… Follow Money Morning on Twitter @moneymorning, Facebook, and LinkedIn. Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: stocks to watch Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website five  +  5  =  Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT When You're Proven Right, We Feel Great Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Stocks to Watch (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News April 24, 2017 • By Money Morning Staff Reports Leave a Comment U.S. Strikes on North Korea Could Happen as Soon as Tomorrow April 24, 2017 • By Casey Wilson Leave a Comment Canada's Dairy Policy Is Killing Off Decades-Old American Farms April 24, 2017 • By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News: Dow Rallies 200 Points After Macron and Le Pen Win First Round of French Election Trending Posts 6893 Reads 636 Likes U.S. Strikes on North Korea Could Happen as Soon as Tomorrow U.S. strikes on North Korea could happen tomorrow - depending on what missile the Hermit Dynasty decides to launch amid its holiday celebrations... 4322 Reads 18 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks to Watch This Week (April 24) There's a lot of news about marijuana stocks this week after the cannabis holiday. Today, we are going to get you caught up... Featured Report Here Are the Easy First Steps to Get Started Investing The single worst financial decision you can make is to stay out of the markets altogether, and taking that first step to get invested can have a phenomenal impact on your life. This resource has everything you need to get started. Learn how to open a brokerage account, place buy and sell orders, get the price you want for a stock, and more… Enter your email below to get the report. Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Today's Markets DJIA 216.13 (1.05%) 20,763.89 NASDAQ 73.30 (1.24%) 5,983.82 S&P 25.46 (1.08%) 2,374.15 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Seismic Profits Alert Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube Connect with Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Stocks to Watch (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Should Boeing Worry as China Preps Jetliner for First Flight? By Paul Ausick April 24, 2017 9:40 am EDT Print Email Tweet Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China, better known as Comac, on Sunday completed the final ground test of the country’s first big commercial passenger jet, the C919. Its first flight test is expected by the end of May. When the plane is finally delivered to customers, it will compete for sales with Boeing Co.’s (NYSE: BA) 737 and the Airbus A320 single-aisle, dual engine jetliners. The C919 originally was scheduled for delivery to customers in 2013. That date has been moved to 2019 as the complexities of building a new airplane from scratch ran roughshod over the initial plan. How this new aircraft will affect Boeing and Airbus ultimately depends on how quickly Comac can ramp up production once flight testing of the C919 is completed. Both companies expect to produce around 60 single-aisle planes a month within the next year or so, and a fair share of that production has been targeted for sale to Chinese carriers. Airbus already has a final assembly plant for its A320 operating in China, and Boeing has developed plans to begin delivering 100 planes per year, beginning next year, from a Chinese assembly plant developed in cooperation with Comac. Airbus is also building a final assembly plant in China for its A330 dual-aisle plane. That plant is scheduled to open this September. Airbus has said that China will need 5,400 new single-aisle planes over the next 20 years, and Boeing’s estimate is even higher: 6,330 new planes. For both companies, China’s expected demand represents about 23% of the total global market for single-aisles planes through 2035. Both companies also forecast global demand for around 28,000 new single-aisle planes through 2035. At production rates of 60 a month, global demand could be filled by Boeing and Airbus, without any help from Comac. Any planes the Chinese maker builds and sells will only diminish sales from the two majors. As of last November, Comac reported 517 orders for the C919, but that could rise rapidly once production gets underway and delivery schedules are firmed up. Is the C919 an existential threat to either Boeing or Airbus? Probably not. But Comac already has moved ahead with plans for a dual-aisle plane, the C929, illustrating just how serious the company — and the government, which owns Comac — are. The competitive situation will take years to play out. But a third major player is about to enter the competition and that could change the rules and the outcome going forward. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Hasbro Rises on Solid Earnings Beat Why France’s Economy Matters So Much: France by the Numbers » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Airbus, China, Corporate Performance, featured, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning Why Aircraft Carriers Are Hard to Sink 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time Countries With the Fastest Growing and Shrinking Militaries Retailers Closing the Most Stores Recent T-Mobile Posts Solid Q1 Earnings Beat Monday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Rite Aid, DryShips Stumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs Drive DJIA Higher Monday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Hasbro Earnings Signal Game-On for 2017, As Stock Pops Here's Why Yintech Investment Holdings Ltd. Lost Its Luster and Fell as Much as 13% 2 Charts That Show Palo Alto Networks Is Built for Growth Express Scripts shares drop 11% as Anthem unlikely to renew contract Nasdaq Composite rises 1.2% to post record close Dow industrials end with gain of around 217 points T-Mobile (TMUS) Gains on Earnings Beat, Strong User Growth Alcoa Corp. (AA) Stock Up on Q1 Earnings Beat McDonald's (MCD) Stock Hits All-Time High Before Q1 Earnings Asia stocks near two-year high, euro steady as French vote lifts mood Trump's push to fund wall may be delayed as government shutdown looms Not an inside job: How two analysts became SEC whistleblowers Asia tracks French election rally; weak yen lifts Tokyo Trump's Wall Push May be Delayed as Government Shutdown Looms Oil Rises After Six Days of Straight Losses Chobani Sues Alex Jones For Posting Vicious Fake News Stories Why Sheryl Sandberg Decided To Speak Openly About Losing Her Husband TV Writers Just Authorized A Strike That Would Blackout Late Night Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Qatar Airways closes in on Italy deal, to own minority stake in Indian air... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Mon Apr 24, 2017 | 6:38pm IST Qatar Airways closes in on Italy deal, to own minority stake in Indian airline Qatar Airways stewardesses pose at the International Tourism Trade Fair ITB in Berlin, Germany, March 8, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch By Alexander Cornwell | DUBAI DUBAI Qatar Airways will finalise a long-negotiated agreement to buy 49 percent of Italy's Meridiana in the coming days, and soon apply with Qatar's sovereign wealth fund to start an Indian airline. Qatar Airways will sign the agreement with Italy's second biggest airline in the next "few days", Chief Executive Akbar al-Baker told reporters in Dubai on Monday. The airline has been negotiating to buy a stake in Meridiana for more than year, a deal that could help the loss-making Italian carrier's ability to compete in Europe. Meridiana would operate as a full-service carrier to destinations in Europe and beyond, al-Baker said, with the airline taking delivery of 20 Boeing 737 MAXs from the second quarter of 2018. The 737s will come from a Qatar Airways order of Boeing jets announced last October. Al-Baker declined to say how much Qatar Airways would invest in the Italian carrier. Meridiana, which offers flights to and from the island of Sardinia and other destinations in Italy, is owned by the Aga Khan, a businessman and spiritual leader of the Ismaili Muslims. Qatar Airways will also apply with the Qatar Investment Authority (QIA) for a domestic Indian airline operating licence in the next few weeks, al-Baker said. The Indian carrier would be majority owned by QIA, with Qatar Airways controlling a minority interest, he said. Manufacturers Airbus, Boeing, Bombardier and Embraer would be welcome to bid for orders from the Indian carrier, al-Baker said. Qatar Airways has said it plans to operate a domestic Indian carrier with around 100 jets. The Doha-based airline also announced on Monday 12 new destinations to start in 2018, including direct flights to San Francisco in the United States. The U.S. expansion contrasts with rival Emirates, which said this month it would cut flights on five U.S. destinations from May due to a "significant deterioration" in bookings. This followed U.S. President Donald Trump's attempts to restrict travel from some Muslim countries, which has hit demand from the Middle East. "We didn't have massive declines like other carriers," al-Baker said. "We will continue our expansion." The airline has seen "some decline" in passenger demand on U.S. routes, but he said this was manageable. Qatar Airways has delayed plans to start flights to Las Vegas until the second quarter 2018, from the first quarter of that year, "mainly due to technical reasons," al-Baker said without explaining further. The airline, like Emirates and Etihad Airways, has faced more than two years of opposition in the United States led by major carriers American Airlines, United Airlines and Delta Air Lines . The three U.S. carriers have lobbied the U.S. government to investigate claims the Middle East rivals have received billions of dollars in state aid, which those airlines deny. "We create jobs, we buy American, We invest in the United States and I think we outweigh whatever job creation these three American carriers are doing," al-Baker said. (Editing by Jane Merriman) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News Looming risks subdue Asia stock investors after stellar quarter SINGAPORE Investors' enthusiasm for Asian stocks is waning as a raft of political and economic risks takes the shine off the best first-quarter returns in 26 years. Reliance lifts Jio investment above $30 billion after record year MUMBAI Reliance Industries plans to spend a further $2.8 billion on its Jio telecoms business in the current quarter, it said on Monday, taking its investment in the venture to more than $30 billion. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Reports of North Korea artillery drill as U.S. submarine makes South Korea port call Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
» · DonaldTrump · Trump · Community · Democrats · Science · Republicans · MarchforScience · Environment · EarthDay · Elections · ClimateChange · 2018 · GOP · Progressives · Media · election · Politics · BernieSanders · OpenThread · Resistance · Vote · NorthKorea · Russia · Obamacare · War · HealthCare · GOTV · Culture · 2017 · France Sign up Log in 0 Messages New Blog Entry Drafts View/Edit My Profile Image Library My Groups My Stories My Activity Stream My Comments Subscribe to hide ads Show Ads Hide Ads Log out   Blog It! Help Join the mailing list News Front Page Elections Labor Comics Daily Kos Liberation League Radio   More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Community Recommended Most Shared Recent Stories Community Spotlight GROUPS Readers and Book Lovers Science Matters ClassWarfare Newsletter More... More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Action Sign the petition: Appoint a special prosecutor on Russia's ties to the Trump campaign Much of the intelligence has been declassified, and 17 federal agencies agree: The Russian government interfered in our... Sign if you agree: Jeff Sessions must resign, and a special prosecutor must investigate Trump's ties to Russia At his Senate confirmation hearing, Attorney General Jeff Sessions lied under oath that he had never had contact with the... Sign the petition: Don't mess with Social Security! Donald Trump campaigned on protecting Social Security and Medicare, but like most Trump scams we are already seeing that... See All 10 Campaigns » Devil's Tower Blog Stream Groups Following Profile AP interview provides your handy reminder that Donald Trump is nucking futs By Mark Sumner   Monday Apr 24, 2017 · 5:56 AM PDT 2017/04/24 · 05:56 407 Comments Share this article 288 288 288 Add to Blog RSS Update Edit Administration Un-Rescue Rescue REBLOGGED BY TAGS Crazy DonaldTrump F-35 APInterview Edit Tags Tag History × Tag History DonaldTrump created by Mark Sumner at 04/24/2017 05:56 AM DonaldTrump APInterview created by Mark Sumner at 04/24/2017 05:56 AM DonaldTrump F-35 APInterview created by Mark Sumner at 04/24/2017 05:56 AM Crazy DonaldTrump F-35 APInterview created by Mark Sumner at 04/24/2017 05:56 AM Done Editing Tags 407 Comments Share this article 288 288 288 Since Donald Trump took office—before Donald Trump took office—there was a sudden burst of interest in the 25th Amendment, that little bit of text that describes how the president may be removed from office if unfit to serve. But of course, the application of that rule is just a fantasy. There’s no way that Donald Trump’s cabinet or the Republican Congress would actually pull the switch.  It’s just that with every interview which passes, Donald Trump shows why they really, really should. There’s the unreasoning arrogance of a grade-school bully, AP: Can you tell me a little bit about how that came about? TRUMP: No, just — you know, I asked the government to let her out. … You know Obama worked on it for three years, got zippo, zero. There’s the Greek chorus of imaginary praise that speaks to him from everywhere on everything. TRUMP: Many people, human rights people, are talking about it. ... TRUMP: People have given me credit for having great chemistry with all of the leaders, including el-Sissi.  … TRUMP: People said they've never seen anything like what's going on right now.  And the persecution he feels because that praise doesn’t end up on the front page of every paper. TRUMP: I've developed great relationships with all of these leaders. Nobody's written that. ... TRUMP: And the media, some of them get it, in all fairness. But you know some of them either don't get it, in which case they're very stupid people, or they just don't want to say it. And there’s the just plain delusional. TRUMP: A little before I took office there was a terrible article about the F-35 fighter jet. It was hundreds of billions of dollars over budget. It was seven years behind schedule. It was a disaster. So I called in Lockheed and I said, "I'm sorry, we're going to have to bid this out to another company, namely Boeing," or whoever else. But Boeing. And I called in Boeing and I started getting competing offers back and forth. ... TRUMP: I saved $725 million on the 90 planes. Just 90. Now there are 3,000 planes that are going to be ordered. On 90 planes I saved $725 million. It's actually a little bit more than that, but it's $725 million. Gen. Mattis, who had to sign the deal when it came to his office, said, "I've never seen anything like this in my life." We went from a company that wanted more money for the planes to a company that cut. And the reason they cut — same planes, same everything — was because of me. I mean, because that's what I do. TRUMP: Now if you multiply that times 3,000 planes, you know this is on 90 planes. In fact, when the Prime Minister (Shinzo) Abe of Japan came in because they bought a certain number of those ... The first thing he said to me, because it was right at the time I did it, he said, "Could I thank you?" I said, "What?" He said, "You saved us $100 million." Because they got a $100 million savings on the 10 or 12 planes that they (bought). Nobody wrote that story. Now you know that's a saving of billions and billions of dollars, many billions of dollars over the course of — it's between 2,500 and 3,000 planes will be the final order. But this was only 90 of those 2,500 planes. None of which — none — makes sense. Here’s what really happened. Trump saw an article about the F-35. He made a noise about Boeing building a “super F-18” instead, a plane which doesn’t exist. Trump was then told that the price of the F-35 was dropping, because those initial prices included the high cost of developing the plane and setting up production. The end. That’s the whole story. The planes are going to cost exactly what they were going to cost. Trump saved not a penny. But he now relates doing nothing as a great, unprecedented triumph—his example for one of the most important things to happen in his presidency. This story is actually a great example of something. It’s a great example of how the media aids Trump’s delusions and fails to call him on a giant lie that happened in public, with full knowledge of everyone. But with rare exceptions, the press decided that nodding and reporting what Trump said was sufficient coverage. Trump isn’t just convinced that he’s saved insane amounts of money, but he’s also fixed the world, just by being there. TRUMP: You know because of a couple of them said, "He didn't call them a currency manipulator." Well, for two reasons. Number One, he's not, since my time. You know, very specific formula. You would think it's like generalities, it's not. They have — they've actually — their currency's gone up. So it's a very, very specific formula. And I said, "How badly have they been," ... they said, "Since you got to office they have not manipulated their currency." That's Number One, but much more important, they are working with us on North Korea. Now maybe that'll work out or maybe it won't. Can you imagine? ... Stupid previous presidents didn’t fix this because … they weren’t Donald Trump. And the media might say that Donald Trump didn’t do anything, but he really did. He was Donald Trump. And that’s what all this really needed. It needed Donald Trump to just sit down and Donald Trump the hell out of it. And, perhaps best of all … AP: So in terms of the 100-day plan that you did put out during the campaign, do you feel, though, that people should hold you accountable to this in terms of judging success? TRUMP: No, because much of the foundation's been laid. Things came up. I'll give you an example. I didn't put Supreme Court judge on the 100 (day) plan, and I got a Supreme Court judge. AP: I think it's on there. TRUMP: I don't know. … Go read the whole thing. If you dare. 407 Comments Share this article 288 288 288 407 Comments Comment Settings Close Settings Auto refresh Collapse on load Show hidden Show until I hide Comments are closed on this story. ( f ) Recommend ( r ) Reply More hints... ( p ) Parent ( o ) Open/Close ( j ) Next Unread ( k ) Prev Unread ( J ) Next ( K ) Prev Back to Story Show Parent Thread Recommended list Most Shared © Kos Media, LLC Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Privacy Policy Daily Kos Front Page Elections Labor Radio Comics RSS About Masthead History Writers Terms Rules of the Road DMCA Copyright Notice Endorsements Privacy Merchandise Shirts Advertising Advertising Overview Stats for advertisers Contact Media Inquiries General Inquiries Jobs × Close Close Close Save changes
ALL SECTIONS Tuesday April 25, 2017 HIDE NEWS TOP STORIES NATIONAL WORLD NEWS PINOY ABROAD FEATURES OPINION EDITORIAL COLUMNS SOUNDBYTES LGUs NCR LUZON VIZAYAS MINDANAO BUSINESS CORPORATE ECONOMY & TRADE STOCKS MONEY AGRI & MINING POWER & TECH BIZ PLUS COLUMNS SPORTS BASKETBALL VOLLEYBALL FIGHTSPORTS ACTIVE SPORTS PLUS STUFFS COLUMNS ENTERTAINMENT TV & MOVIES CELEBRITY PROFILES MUSIC & CONCERTS DIGITAL MEDIA COLUMNS LIFESTYLE FOOD CULTURE & MEDIA FASHION HEALTH AND HOME LEISURE SHOPPING COLUMNS POP.LIFE NEWSMAKERS HANGOUTS A-POP POST ITS PERFORMANCES MALLS & BAZAARS HOBBIES & COLLECTIONS TECHNOLOGY GADGETS COMPUTERS BUSINESS TECH PLUS WHEELS & MORE SEDAN SUV TRUCK BIKE ACCESSORIES MOTORING PLUS COMMUTER'S CORNER HOME & DESIGN RESIDENTIAL COMMERCIAL CONSTRUCTION INTERIOR SPOTLIGHT GALLERY PHOTOS VIDEOS EVENTS SEMINARS EXHIBITS COMMUNITY ADVERTISE WITH US The Standard NEWS OPINION LGUs BUSINESS SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE POP.LIFE TECHNOLOGY WHEELS & MORE HOME & DESIGN SPOTLIGHT GALLERY EVENTS Advertise With Us ALL SECTIONS Tuesday April 25, 2017 Advertisement Home   /   BUSINESS   /   MONEY PAL set to receive 2 Boeing aircraft posted April 24, 2017 at 08:01 pm by  Darwin G. Amojelar Philippine Airlines said Monday it expects the delivery of two  Boeing 777-300 ER units in December for its flights to the United Kingdom and the United States. “The Boeing aircraft will serve the Manila-London route, a move designed to primarily enhance the total passenger travel experience and inflight service delivery. While we already have eight triple 7s serving the West Coast, the incoming units will also augment other trans-Pacific flights,” PAL president and chief operating officer Jaime Bautista said. “The Boeing 777 is our flagship aircraft for long-haul operations. With its range and operational capability, the flag carrier will be at par with other full service carriers along the route,” he said. Bautista said PAL was also increasing its capacity as the aircraft would have a 370-seating capacity on a two-class configuration (42 on business and 328 on economy), compared to the 254-seating capacity of Airbus A340. The acquisition of the carrier’s 9th and 10th B777s is based on a long-term lease agreement with Intrepid Aviation.PAL aims to be the country’s full-service five-star airline in five years.  Its fleet modernization includes the acquisition of six brand new Airbus A350s for delivery starting mid-2018 and the reconfiguration of 8 monoclass Airbus A330s to tri-class lay-out by mid July.  PAL parent firm PAL Holdings Inc. posted a net income of P3.59 billion last year, down by 38.8 percent from P5.87 billion in 2015. Revenues climbed 7.2 percent to P116.63 billion last year from P108.80 billion in 2015. Topics: Philippine Airlines Related stories: PAL eyes Clark as new hub PAL studies Clark operations PAL seals $3.7-b deal to buy 12 Airbus jets More from this Category: Belle, Melco eye second casino Govt sells P15b worth of T-bills Cape Fulmar makes maiden call in Subic COMMENT DISCLAIMER: Reader comments posted on this Web site are not in any way endorsed by The Standard. Comments are views by thestandard.ph readers who exercise their right to free expression and they do not necessarily represent or reflect the position or viewpoint of thestandard.ph. While reserving this publication’s right to delete comments that are deemed offensive, indecent or inconsistent with The Standard editorial standards, The Standard may not be held liable for any false information posted by readers in this comments section. Share this story: facebook twitter email print Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement LATEST NEWS TRENDING Elton John caught 'potentially deadly' infection on tour  0 |  2 hours ago Arkansas kills inmate in latest of several planned executions  0 |  2 hours ago Central Chile hit by 6.9-magnitude quake  0 |  2 hours ago Three die in Venezuela protests  0 |  2 hours ago AFP: Terror threat in Bohol already ‘addressed’  0 |  3 hours ago Cop who allegedly aided a fleeing bandit taken to Camp Crame  0 |  3 hours ago PAO seeks more funds amid surge in drug cases  0 |  3 hours ago Clarin, Bohol under state of calamity due to ASG’s presence  0 |  4 hours ago 36 terrorists killed  0 |  15 hours ago Sleeping with enemy: Cop linked to Sayyaf  0 |  15 hours ago More On Latest News Formation by Gary Olivar‘Du30nomix’ Bongbong hammers away at Leni failure  0 |  4 days ago Rody pokes fun at Erap: Back to jail  0 |  4 days ago Work in Metro Manila suspended on April 28 (Friday)  0 |  4 days ago Aquino blamed for China’s island building binge  0 |  4 days ago ASG beheads soldier, loses 3  0 |  1 day ago 36 terrorists killed  0 |  15 hours ago Coverup in MRT ‘mishap’ bared  0 |  2 days ago Take no Sayyaf prisoners ­— Duterte  0 |  4 days ago PH troops defy China challenge  0 |  3 days ago Advertisement STAY TUNED Be the first to recieve the latest news. Follow @MStandardToday Manila Standard 6th Floor Universal Re Bldg., 106 Paseo De Roxas cor. Perea Street, Legaspi Village, 1226 Makati City Philippines Trunklines: 832-5554, 832-5556, 832-5558 QUICK LINKS Home Mobile About Us Advertise Contact Info Privacy Policy Link Policy User Agreement Article Index Subscribe SECTIONS NEWS OPINION LGUs BUSINESS SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE POP.LIFE TECHNOLOGY WHEELS & MORE HOME & DESIGN SPOTLIGHT GALLERY EVENTS FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER Don't worry we also hate spam just like you. © 2017 manilastandard.net. All rights reserved.Powered by LEENTech Network Solutions
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Boeing Co (BA) Shares Sold by Kempner Capital Management Inc. Newman Dignan & Sheerar Inc. Reduces Stake in Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Stake Decreased by Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management Q4 2017 Earnings Estimate for Universal Forest Products, Inc. (UFPI) Issued By DA Davidson Capital One Financial Corp. Weighs in on Apache Co.’s FY2017 Earnings (APA) Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for Wintrust Financial Corp (WTFC) Lifted by Analyst Foot Locker, Inc. (FL) Issues Q1 Earnings Guidance First Republic Bank (FRC) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 25th KeyCorp (KEY) Upgraded to “Overweight” at Piper Jaffray Companies America Movil SAB de CV (AMX) Upgraded at Deutsche Bank AG Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) Stock Rating Upgraded by Cowen and Company Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Has $2.365 Million Stake in Avery Dennison Corp (AVY) Very Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Impax Laboratories (IPXL) Stock Price Del Frisco's Restaurant Group (DFRG) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.60 Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Sells 490 Shares of ManpowerGroup Inc. (MAN) Nevsun Resources (NSU) Earning Very Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Boosts Position in Westar Energy Inc (WR) Fluor Co. (NEW) (FLR) Stake Boosted by Gulf International Bank UK Ltd W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Given News Impact Score of 0.69 Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Has $2.534 Million Stake in Shaw Communications Inc (SJR) Boeing Co (BA) Shares Sold by Kempner Capital Management Inc. April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Kempner Capital Management Inc. reduced its position in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) by 35.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 17,550 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 9,690 shares during the period. Boeing makes up about 2.1% of Kempner Capital Management Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 21st largest position. Kempner Capital Management Inc.’s holdings in Boeing were worth $3,104,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC purchased a new position in Boeing during the third quarter worth $102,000. Farmers & Merchants Trust Co of Chambersburg PA purchased a new position in Boeing during the fourth quarter worth $106,000. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. raised its position in Boeing by 124.9% in the third quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 830 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 461 shares during the last quarter. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. purchased a new position in Boeing during the fourth quarter worth $109,000. Finally, TLP Group LLC purchased a new position in Boeing during the third quarter worth $126,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 180.38 on Monday. The stock has a market cap of $110.48 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.70 and a beta of 1.08. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $178.39 and a 200 day moving average of $160.29. Boeing Co has a 52 week low of $122.35 and a 52 week high of $185.71. Boeing also saw unusually large options trading activity on Friday. Stock investors purchased 1,718 call options on the company. This represents an increase of 218% compared to the typical daily volume of 540 call options. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. The company had revenue of $23.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.25 billion. Boeing had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $1.60 earnings per share. On average, analysts expect that Boeing Co will post $9.30 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Boeing Co (BA) Shares Sold by Kempner Capital Management Inc.” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/boeing-co-ba-shares-sold-by-kempner-capital-management-inc.html. A number of equities analysts have weighed in on BA shares. Argus reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $185.00 price target on shares of Boeing in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Jefferies Group LLC upped their price target on shares of Boeing from $185.00 to $200.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Deutsche Bank AG upped their price target on shares of Boeing from $195.00 to $205.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, March 6th. Berenberg Bank started coverage on shares of Boeing in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $202.00 price target for the company. Finally, Gabelli reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Boeing in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and fifteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $162.17. In other Boeing news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 102,080 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $166.76, for a total transaction of $17,022,860.80. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, SVP Gregory L. Hyslop sold 3,573 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $162.33, for a total transaction of $580,005.09. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 206,827 shares of company stock worth $34,170,203 over the last quarter. Insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments2.3K The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Fix Analysis Analysis Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events Trump’s over-the-top, boastful AP interview, annotated The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Aaron Blake By Aaron Blake April 24 at 8:29 AM Follow @aaronblake As President Trump nears his 100th day in office, a new Washington Post-ABC News poll found that a historically low 42 percent of Americans approve of his job performance thus far. (Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post) President Trump sat down with the Associated Press's Julie Pace on Friday, and what emerged was a conversation in which Trump bragged and boasted repeatedly — sometimes unprompted and using revisionist history — about what he's accomplished in his first 100 days as president. He did this all while dismissing the idea that the 100-day threshold even matters, despite hailing that same standard dozens of times late in his 2016 campaign. [VIDEO: By the numbers: Trump’s first 100 days] Some of the claims are truly remarkable, including that he may have given the greatest speech in the history of the House chamber and that a Democrat told him he'd be among the greatest presidents ever. He also just flat-out said he shouldn't be bound by his 100-day promises. Below is the transcript, which was released Sunday night, along with my annotations. To see an annotation, click on the yellow, highlighted text. AP: I do want to talk to you about the 100 days. TRUMP: Good. AP: I want to ask a few questions on some topics that are happening toward the end of the interview. TRUMP: Did you see Aya [Hijazi, an Egyptian-American charity worker who had been detained in the country for nearly three years] ... AP: Can you tell me a little bit about how that came about? TRUMP: No, just — you know, I asked the government to let her out. ... TRUMP: You know Obama worked on it for three years, got zippo, zero. AP: How did you hear about this story? TRUMP: Many people, human rights people, are talking about it. It's an incredible thing, especially when you meet her. You realize — I mean, she was in a rough place. AP: Did you have to strike a deal with [Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah] el-Sissi over this? TRUMP: No. No deal. He was here. He — I said, "I really would appreciate it if you would look into this and let her out.” And as you know, she went through a trial. And anyway, she was let go. And not only she, it was a total of eight people. ... ___ TRUMP: Yeah, it's funny: One of the best chemistries I had was with (German Chancellor Angela) Merkel. (Crosstalk) AP: Really? TRUMP: Chancellor Merkel. TRUMP: And I guess somebody shouted out, “Shake her hand, shake her hand,” you know. But I never heard it. But I had already shaken her hand four times. You know, because we were together for a long time. AP: Did you expect you would have good chemistry with her? TRUMP: No. Because, um, I'm at odds on, you know, the NATO payments and I'm at odds on immigration. We had unbelievable chemistry. And people have given me credit for having great chemistry with all of the leaders, including el-Sissi. ... TRUMP: So it was a great thing to see that happen. ___ AP: Do you feel like you have changed the office of the presidency, how the presidency can be used to effect change? TRUMP: I think the 100 days is, you know, it's an artificial barrier. It's not very meaningful. I think I've established amazing relationships that will be used the four or eight years, whatever period of time I'm here. I think for that I would be getting very high marks because I've established great relationships with countries, as President el-Sissi has shown and others have shown. Well, if you look at the president of China, people said they've never seen anything like what's going on right now. I really liked him a lot. I think he liked me. We have a great chemistry together. ... TRUMP: I've developed great relationships with all of these leaders. Nobody's written that. In fact, they said, “Oh, well, he's not treating them nicely,” because on NATO, I want them to pay up. But I still get along with them great, and they will pay up. In fact, with the Italian prime minister yesterday, you saw, we were joking, “Come on, you have to pay up, you have to pay up.” He'll pay. AP: Did he say that? In your meeting? Your private meeting? TRUMP: He's going to end up paying. But you know, nobody ever asked the question. Nobody asked. Nobody ever asked him to pay up. So it's a different kind of a presidency. AP: Do you feel like that's one thing that you've changed, that you maybe are actually asking the direct questions about some of these things? TRUMP: Yeah. Let me give me an example. A little before I took office there was a terrible article about the F-35 fighter jet. It was hundreds of billions of dollars over budget. It was seven years behind schedule. It was a disaster. So I called in Lockheed and I said, “I'm sorry, we're going to have to bid this out to another company, namely Boeing,” or whoever else. But Boeing. And I called in Boeing and I started getting competing offers back and forth. ... TRUMP: I saved $725 million on the 90 planes. Just 90. Now there are 3,000 planes that are going to be ordered. On 90 planes I saved $725 million. It's actually a little bit more than that, but it's $725 million. Gen. Mattis, who had to sign the deal when it came to his office, said, “I've never seen anything like this in my life.” We went from a company that wanted more money for the planes to a company that cut. And the reason they cut — same planes, same everything — was because of me. I mean, because that's what I do. TRUMP: Now if you multiply that times 3,000 planes, you know this is on 90 planes. In fact, when the Prime Minister (Shinzo) Abe of Japan came in because they bought a certain number of those ... The first thing he said to me, because it was right at the time I did it, he said, “Could I thank you?” I said, “What?” He said, “You saved us $100 million.” Because they got a $100 million savings on the 10 or 12 planes that they (bought). Nobody wrote that story. Now you know that's a saving of billions and billions of dollars, many billions of dollars over the course of — it's between 2,500 and 3,000 planes will be the final order. But this was only 90 of those 2,500 planes. AP: And you expect those savings to carry out across that full order? TRUMP: More. I'm gonna get more than that. This was a thing that was out of control and now it's great. And the woman that runs Lockheed, Marillyn (Hewson), she was great. But all of a sudden it was a different kind of a thing. You know? ___ AP: Do you feel like you've been able to apply that kind of a relationship to your dealings with Congress as well? TRUMP: I have great relationships with Congress. I think we're doing very well and I think we have a great foundation for future things. We're going to be applying, I shouldn't tell you this, but we're going to be announcing, probably on Wednesday, tax reform. And it's — we've worked on it long and hard. And you've got to understand, I've only been here now 93 days, 92 days. President Obama took 17 months to do Obamacare. I've been here 92 days but I've only been working on the health care, you know I had to get like a little bit of grounding right? Health care started after 30 day(s), so I've been working on health care for 60 days. ...You know, we're very close. And it's a great plan, you know, we have to get it approved. AP: Is it this deal that's between the Tuesday Group and the Freedom Caucus, is that the deal you're looking at? TRUMP: So the Republican Party has various groups, all great people. They're great people. But some are moderate, some are very conservative. The Democrats don't seem to have that nearly as much. You know the Democrats have, they don't have that. The Republicans do have that. And I think it's fine. But you know there's a pretty vast area in there. And I have a great relationship with all of them. Now, we have government not closing. I think we'll be in great shape on that. It's going very well. Obviously, that takes precedent. AP: That takes precedent over health care? For next week? TRUMP: Yeah, sure. Next week. Because the hundred days is just an artificial barrier. The press keeps talking about the hundred days. But we've done a lot. You have a list of things. I don't have to read it. ___ AP: You did put out though, as a candidate, you put out a 100-day plan. Do you feel like you should be held accountable to that plan? TRUMP: Somebody, yeah, somebody put out the concept of a hundred-day plan. But yeah. Well, I'm mostly there on most items. Go over the items, and I'll talk to you ... (Crosstalk.) TRUMP: But things change. There has to be flexibility. Let me give you an example. President Xi, we have a, like, a really great relationship. For me to call him a currency manipulator and then say, “By the way, I'd like you to solve the North Korean problem,” doesn't work. So you have to have a certain flexibility, Number One. Number Two, from the time I took office till now, you know, it's a very exact thing. It's not like generalities. Do you want a Coke or anything? AP: I'm OK, thank you. No. ... TRUMP: But President Xi, from the time I took office, he has not, they have not been currency manipulators. Because there's a certain respect because he knew I would do something or whatever. But more importantly than him not being a currency manipulator the bigger picture, bigger than even currency manipulation, if he's helping us with North Korea, with nuclear and all of the things that go along with it, who would call, what am I going to do, say, “By the way, would you help us with North Korea? And also, you're a currency manipulator.” It doesn't work that way. AP: Right. TRUMP: And the media, some of them get it, in all fairness. But you know some of them either don't get it, in which case they're very stupid people, or they just don't want to say it. You know because of a couple of them said, “He didn't call them a currency manipulator.” Well, for two reasons. Number One, he's not, since my time. You know, very specific formula. You would think it's like generalities, it's not. They have — they've actually — their currency's gone up. So it's a very, very specific formula. And I said, “How badly have they been," ... they said, “Since you got to office they have not manipulated their currency.” That's Number One, but much more important, they are working with us on North Korea. Now maybe that'll work out or maybe it won't. Can you imagine? ... AP: So in terms of the 100-day plan that you did put out during the campaign, do you feel, though, that people should hold you accountable to this in terms of judging success? TRUMP: No, because much of the foundation's been laid. Things came up. I'll give you an example. I didn't put Supreme Court judge on the 100 (day) plan, and I got a Supreme Court judge. AP: I think it's on there. TRUMP: I don't know. ... AP: “Begin the process of selecting.” You actually exceeded on this one. This says, “Begin the process of selecting a replacement.” TRUMP: That's the biggest thing I've done. President Trump discussed his plan for his first 100 days in office on Nov. 21, 2016. (RealDonaldTrump/Twitter) AP: Do you consider that your biggest success? TRUMP: Well, I — first of all I think he's a great man. I think he will be a great, great justice of the Supreme Court. I have always heard that the selection and the affirmation of a Supreme Court judge is the biggest thing a president can do. Don't forget, he could be there for 40 years. ... He's a young man. I've always heard that that's the biggest thing. Now, I would say that defense is the biggest thing. You know, to be honest, there are a number of things. But I've always heard that the highest calling is the nomination of a Supreme Court justice. I've done one in my first 70 days. TRUMP: Our military is so proud. They were not proud at all. They had their heads down. Now they have their heads up. ... TRUMP: I'm rebuilding the military. We have great people. We have great things in place. We have tremendous borders. I mention the F-35 because if I can save $725 million — look at that, that's a massive amount of money. And I'll save more as we make more planes. If I can save that on a small number of planes — Gen. (Jim) Mattis (the defense secretary) said, “I've never seen anything like this,” because he had to sign the ultimate (unintelligible) ... He had to sign the ultimate, you know. He said, “I've never seen anything like this before, as long as I've been in the military.” You know, that kind of cutting. AP: Right. TRUMP: Now, if I can do that (unintelligible) ... As an example, the aircraft carriers, billions of dollars, the Gerald Ford, billions and billions over budget. That won't happen. AP: Is that something you're going to take on? TRUMP: (unintelligible) But as we order the other ones, because they want to order 12, the other ones are going to come in much less expensive. ... ___ AP: Can I ask you, over your first 100 days — you're not quite there yet — how do you feel like the office has changed you? TRUMP: Well the one thing I would say — and I say this to people — I never realized how big it was. Everything's so (unintelligible) like, you know the orders are so massive. I was talking to — AP: You mean the responsibility of it, or do you mean — TRUMP: Number One, there's great responsibility. When it came time to, as an example, send out the 59 missiles, the Tomahawks in Syria. I'm saying to myself, “You know, this is more than just like, 79 (sic) missiles. This is death that's involved,” because people could have been killed. This is risk that's involved, because if the missile goes off and goes in a city or goes in a civilian area — you know, the boats were hundreds of miles away — and if this missile goes off and lands in the middle of a town or a hamlet .... every decision is much harder than you'd normally make. (unintelligible) ... This is involving death and life and so many things. ... So it's far more responsibility. (unintelligible) ....The financial cost of everything is so massive, every agency. This is thousands of times bigger, the United States, than the biggest company in the world. The second-largest company in the world is the Defense Department. The third-largest company in the world is Social Security. The fourth-largest — you know, you go down the list. AP: Right. TRUMP. It's massive. And every agency is, like, bigger than any company. So you know, I really just see the bigness of it all, but also the responsibility. And the human responsibility. You know, the human life that's involved in some of the decisions. ___ AP: You've talked a little bit about the way that you've brought some business skills into the office. Is there anything from your business background that just doesn't translate into the presidency, that just simply is not applicable to this job? TRUMP: Well in business, you don't necessarily need heart, whereas here, almost everything affects people. So if you're talking about health care — you have health care in business but you're trying to just negotiate a good price on health care, et cetera, et cetera. You're providing health. This is (unintelligible). Here, everything, pretty much everything you do in government, involves heart, whereas in business, most things don't involve heart. AP: What's that switch been like for you? TRUMP: In fact, in business you're actually better off without it. AP: What's making that switch been like for you? TRUMP: You have to love people. And if you love people, such a big responsibility. (unintelligible) You can take any single thing, including even taxes. I mean we're going to be doing major tax reform. Here's part of your story, it's going to be a big (unintelligible). Everybody's saying, “Oh, he's delaying.” I'm not delaying anything. I'll tell you the other thing is (unintelligible). I used to get great press. I get the worst press. I get such dishonest reporting with the media. That's another thing that really has — I've never had anything like it before. It happened during the primaries, and I said, you know, when I won, I said, “Well the one thing good is now I'll get good press.” And it got worse. (unintelligible) So that was one thing that a little bit of a surprise to me. I thought the press would become better, and it actually, in my opinion, got more nasty. ___ AP: But in terms of tax reform, how are you going to roll that out next week? TRUMP: Well I'm going to roll (out) probably on Wednesday, around Wednesday of next week, we're putting out a massive tax reform — business and for people — we want to do both. We've been working on it (unintelligible). Secretary Mnuchin is a very talented person, very smart. Very successful (unintelligible). ... We're going to be putting that out on Wednesday or shortly thereafter. Let me leave a little room just in case (unintelligible). ... And that's a big story, because a lot of people think I'm going to put it out much later. AP: Do you have any details on that in terms of rates? TRUMP: Only in terms that it will be a massive tax cut. It will be bigger, I believe, than any tax cut ever. Maybe the biggest tax cut we've ever had. ... ___ AP: Obviously, that's going to come in a week where you're going to be running up against the deadline for keeping the government open. If you get a bill on your desk that does not include funding for the wall, will you sign it? TRUMP: I don't know yet. People want the border wall. My base definitely wants the border wall, my base really wants it — you've been to many of the rallies. OK, the thing they want more than anything is the wall. My base, which is a big base; I think my base is 45 percent. You know, it's funny. The Democrats, they have a big advantage in the electoral college. Big, big, big advantage. I've always said the popular vote would be a lot easier than the electoral college. The electoral college — but it's a whole different campaign (unintelligible). The electoral college is very difficult for a Republican to win, and I will tell you, the people want to see it. They want to see the wall, they want to see security. Now, it just came out that they're 73 percent down. ... That's a tremendous achievement. ... Look at this, in 100 days, that down to the lowest in 17 years and it's going lower. Now, people aren't coming because they know they're not going to get through, and there isn't crime. You know the migration up to the border is horrible for women, you know that? (Unintelligible.) Now, much of that's stopped because they can't get through. AP: It sounds like maybe you're beginning to send a message that if you do get a spending bill that doesn't have border funding in there, you would sign it. TRUMP: Well, first of all, the wall will cost much less than the numbers I'm seeing. I'm seeing numbers, I mean, this wall is not going to be that expensive. AP: What do you think the estimate on it would be? TRUMP: Oh I'm seeing numbers — $24 billion, I think I'll do it for $10 billion or less. That's not a lot of money relative to what we're talking about. If we stop 1 percent of the drugs from coming in — and we'll stop all of it. But if we stop 1 percent of the drugs because we have the wall — they're coming around in certain areas, but if you have a wall, they can't do it because it's a real wall. That's a tremendously good investment, 1 percent. The drugs pouring through on the southern border are unbelievable. We're becoming a drug culture, there's so much. And most of it's coming from the southern border. The wall will stop the drugs. AP: But, just trying to nail you down on it one more time, will you sign a spending bill if it doesn't have — TRUMP: I don't want to comment. I just don't know yet. I mean, I have to see what's going on. I really do. But the wall's a very important thing to — not only my base, but to the people. And even if it wasn't, I mean I'll do things that aren't necessarily popular. ... The wall is very important to stopping drugs. AP: If you don't have a funding stream, your message to your base is what? TRUMP: My base understands the wall is going to get built, whether I have it funded here or if I get it funded shortly thereafter, that wall's getting built, OK? One hundred percent. One hundred percent it's getting built. And it's also getting built for much less money — I hope you get this — than these people are estimating. The opponents are talking $25 billion for the wall. It's not going to cost anywhere near that. AP: You think $10 billion or less. TRUMP: I think $10 billion or less. And if I do a super-duper, higher, better, better security, everything else, maybe it goes a little bit more. But it's not going to be anywhere near (those) kind of numbers. And they're using those numbers; they're using the high numbers to make it sound impalatable (sic). And the fact it's going to cost much less money, just like the airplane I told you about, which I hope you can write about. ___ (Off-the-record discussion.) ___ TRUMP: They had a quote from me that NATO's obsolete. But they didn't say why it was obsolete. I was on Wolf Blitzer, very fair interview, the first time I was ever asked about NATO, because I wasn't in government. People don't go around asking about NATO if I'm building a building in Manhattan, right? So they asked me, Wolf ... asked me about NATO, and I said two things. NATO's obsolete — not knowing much about NATO, now I know a lot about NATO — NATO is obsolete, and I said, “And the reason it's obsolete is because of the fact they don't focus on terrorism.” You know, back when they did NATO there was no such thing as terrorism. AP: What specifically has NATO changed? TRUMP: (Cites Wall Street Journal article) ... I did an interview with Wolf Blitzer, and I said NATO was obsolete — I said two things — obsolete, and the countries aren't paying. I was right about both. I took such heat for about three days on both, because nobody ever criticized NATO. I took heat like you wouldn't believe. And then some expert on NATO said, “You know, Trump is right.” But I said it was obsolete because they weren't focused on terror. ... It's not fair that we're paying close to 4 percent and other countries that are more directly affected are paying 1 percent when they're supposed to be paying 2 percent. And I'm very strong on it and I'm going to be very strong on it when I go there in a month.” __ AP: This morning you tweeted that after the possible terrorist attack in Paris, that it will have a big effect on the upcoming French election. What did you mean by that? TRUMP: Well, I think it will have a big effect on who people are going to vote for in the election. AP: Do you think it's going to help Marine Le Pen? TRUMP: I think so. AP: Do you believe that she should be the president? TRUMP: No, I have no comment on that, but I think that it'll probably help her because she is the strongest on borders and she is the strongest on what's been going on in France. AP: Do you worry at all that by saying that, that a terrorist attack would have an impact on a democratic election, that it would actually embolden terrorists to try to —. TRUMP: No. Look, everybody is making predictions who is going to win. I am no different than you, you could say the same thing. ... AP: I just wonder if you are encouraging, you are the president of the United States, so to say that you worry that it encourages terrorists ... TRUMP: No, I am no different than — no, I think it discourages terrorists, I think it discourages. I think what we've done on the border discourages it. I think that my stance on having people come in to this country that we have no idea who they are and in certain cases you will have radical Islamic terrorism. I'm not going to have it in this country. I'm not going to let what happened to France and other places happen here. And it's already largely, you know — we have tens — we have hundreds of thousands of people that have been allowed into our country that should not be here. They shouldn't be here. We have people allowed into our country with no documentation whatsoever. They have no documentation and they were allowed under the previous administrations, they were allowed into our country. It's a big mistake. AP: Just so that I am clear. You are not endorsing her for the office, but you are — TRUMP: I am not endorsing her and I didn't mention her name. AP: Right, I just wanted to make sure I have that clear. TRUMP: I believe whoever is the toughest on radical Islamic terrorism and whoever is the toughest at the borders will do well at the election. I am not saying that person is going to win, she is not even favored to win, you know. Right now, she is in second place. ___ AP: I have a question on the markets, actually. One thing that I think has been different about this White House is that you do point to the markets as a sign of progress. Do you worry, though — I mean, the markets go up and down. TRUMP: You live by the sword, you die by the sword, to a certain extent. But we create a lot of jobs, 500,000 jobs as of two months ago, and plenty created since. Five hundred thousand. ... As an example, Ford, General Motors. I've had cases where the gentleman from China, Ma, Jack Ma (chairman of Alibaba Group), he comes up, he says, “Only because of you am I making this massive investment.” Intel, only because of you. ... The press never writes that. ___ AP: What about NAFTA? What's the plan on NAFTA? TRUMP: What would you like to know? AP: I would like to know what your plan is in terms of renegotiating. TRUMP: I am very upset with NAFTA. I think NAFTA has been a catastrophic trade deal for the United States, trading agreement for the United States. It hurts us with Canada, and it hurts us with Mexico. Most people don't even think of NAFTA in terms of Canada. You saw what happened yesterday in my statements, because if you look at the dairy farmers in Wisconsin and upstate New York, they are getting killed by NAFTA. AP: Is your plan still, though, to renegotiate the whole deal? TRUMP: I am going to either renegotiate it or I am going to terminate it. AP: Termination is still on the table. TRUMP: Absolutely. If they don't treat fairly, I am terminating NAFTA. AP: What's a timeline for that decision? TRUMP: It's a six-month termination clause, I have the right to do it, it's a six-month clause. ___ AP: If I could fit a couple of more topics. Jeff Sessions, your attorney general, is taking a tougher line suddenly on Julian Assange, saying that arresting him is a priority. You were supportive of what WikiLeaks was doing during the campaign with the release of the Clinton emails. Do you think that arresting Assange is a priority for the United States? TRUMP: When Wikileaks came out ... never heard of Wikileaks, never heard of it. When Wikileaks came out, all I was just saying is, “Well, look at all this information here, this is pretty good stuff.” You know, they tried to hack the Republican, the RNC, but we had good defenses. They didn't have defenses, which is pretty bad management. But we had good defenses, they tried to hack both of them. They weren't able to get through to Republicans. No, I found it very interesting when I read this stuff and I said, “Wow.” It was just a figure of speech. I said, “Well, look at this. It's good reading.” AP: But that didn't mean that you supported what Assange is doing? TRUMP: No, I don't support or unsupport. It was just information. They shouldn't have allowed it to get out. If they had the proper defensive devices on their internet, you know, equipment, they wouldn't even allow the FBI. How about this — they get hacked, and the FBI goes to see them, and they won't let the FBI see their server. But do you understand, nobody ever writes it. Why wouldn't (former Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John) Podesta and Hillary Clinton allow the FBI to see the server? They brought in another company that I hear is Ukrainian-based. AP: CrowdStrike? TRUMP: That's what I heard. I heard it's owned by a very rich Ukrainian, that's what I heard. But they brought in another company to investigate the server. Why didn't they allow the FBI in to investigate the server? I mean, there is so many things that nobody writes about. It's incredible. AP: Can I just ask you, though — do you believe it is a priority for the United States, or it should be a priority, to arrest Julian Assange? TRUMP: I am not involved in that decision, but if Jeff Sessions wants to do it, it's OK with me. I didn't know about that decision, but if they want to do it, it's OK with me. ___ AP: On Iran, which is another thing you talked a lot on the campaign — TRUMP: And the other thing that we should go after is the leakers. ... AP: On Iran, you also talked about it quite a bit on the campaign trail. And you said in the press conference yesterday that you think that Iran is violating the spirit of the agreement. When you say that, do you mean in terms of the actual nuclear accord, or do you mean what they are doing in the region? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing all over the Middle East and beyond. AP: So you believe that they are complying with the agreement? TRUMP: No, I don't say that. I say that I believe they have broken the spirit of the agreement. There is a spirit to agreements, and they have broken it. AP: In terms of what they are doing elsewhere in the Middle East? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing of all over. AP: When you talk to European leaders, when you talk to Merkel, for example, or Theresa May, what do they say about the nuclear deal? Do they want you to stay in that deal? TRUMP: I don't talk to them about it. AP: You don't talk to them about the Iran deal? TRUMP: I mention it, but it's very personal when I talk to them, you know, it's confidential. No, they have their own opinions. I don't say that they are different than my opinions, but I'd rather have you ask them that question. AP: At this point, do you believe that you will stay in the nuclear deal? TRUMP: It's possible that we won't. ___ AP: Dreamers, you've talked about them, you've talked about heart earlier. This is one area where you have talked — TRUMP: No, we aren't looking to do anything right now. Look, the dreamers ... this is an interesting case, they left and they came back and he's got some problems, it's a little different than the dreamer case, right? But we are putting MS-13 in jail and getting them the hell out of our country. They've taken over towns and cities and we are being really brutal with MS-13, and that's what we should be. They are a bad group, and somebody said they are as bad as al-Qaeda, which is a hell of a reference. So we are moving criminals out of our country and we are getting them out in record numbers and those are the people we are after. We are not after the dreamers, we are after the criminals. AP: And that's going to be the policy of your administration to allow the dreamers to stay? TRUMP: Yes. Yes. That's our policy. I am not saying ... long-term, we are going to have to fix the problem, the whole immigration problem. But I will tell you: Right now we have a great gentleman, one of my real stars is Gen. (John) Kelly, now (Homeland Security) Secretary Kelly. We are down 73 percent at the border, we are cleaning out cities and towns of hard-line criminals, some of the worst people on earth, people that rape and kill women, people that are killing people just for the sake of having fun. They are being thrown in jails and they are being ... all over the country and nobody's ever done it like us, so we are being unbelievably thorough with that. We are out in Long Island cleaning out the MS-13 scum, they are all scum, that's probably the worst gang anywhere on Earth. ... AP: A lot of the dreamers have been hoping to hear something from you. I don't want to give them the wrong message with this. TRUMP: Here is what they can hear: The dreamers should rest easy. OK? I'll give you that. The dreamers should rest easy. ... ___ (An aide talks about the president's address to Congress.) TRUMP: A lot of the people have said that, some people said it was the single best speech ever made in that chamber. AP: You seem like you enjoyed it. TRUMP: I did. I did. I believed in it and I enjoyed it. It was a great feeling to introduce the wife of a great young soldier who died getting us very valuable information. Have you seen the tremendous success? ... That's another thing that nobody talks about. Have you seen the tremendous success we've had in the Middle East with the ISIS (an abbreviation for the Islamic State group)? When (current Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al) Abadi left from Iraq, he said Trump has more success in eight weeks than Obama had in eight years. ... We have had tremendous success, but we don't talk about it. We don't talk about it. AP: Do you mean you don't talk about it personally because you don't want to talk about it? TRUMP: I don't talk about it. No. And the generals don't talk about it. ___ AP: You had put a request into the Pentagon to put forward an ISIS plan within 30 days. I know they have sent that over. Have you accepted a plan? Are you moving forward on a strategy? TRUMP: We have a very strong plan, but we cannot talk about it, Julie. AP: So you have decided on a plan? TRUMP: Remember how many times have you been to the speech where I talked about Mosul. AP: Right. TRUMP. Right. Mosul. Four months we are going in, three months. We are still fighting Mosul. You know why? Because they were prepared. If we would have gone in and just done it, it would have been over three months ago. AP: Can you say generally what the strategy is? Should people — TRUMP: Generally is we have got to get rid of ISIS. We have no choice. And other terrorist organizations. AP: Should Americans who are serving in the military expect that you are going to increase troop numbers in the Middle East to fight ISIS? TRUMP: No, not much. AP: In terms of the strategy, though, that you have accepted, it sounds like, from the generals — TRUMP: Well, they've also accepted my strategy. AP: Does that involve more troops on the ground, it sounds like? TRUMP: Not many. AP: So a small increase? TRUMP: It could be an increase, then an increase. But not many more. I want to do the job, but not many more. ... This is an important story. I've done a lot. I've done more than any other president in the first 100 days and I think the first 100 days is an artificial barrier. And I'm scheduled ... the foundations have been set to do some great things. With foreign countries. Look at, look at President Xi. I mean ... AP: What do you think it was about your chemistry? TRUMP: We had good chemistry. Now I don't know that I think that's going to produce results but you've got a good chance. AP: Uh-huh. TRUMP: Look, he turned down many coal ships. These massive coal ships are coming where they get a lot of their income. They're coming into China and they're being turned away. That's never happened before. The fuel, the oil, so many different things. You saw the editorial they had in their paper saying they cannot be allowed to have nuclear, you know, et cetera. People have said they've never seen this ever before in China. We have the same relationship with others. There's a great foundation that's built. Great foundation. And I think it's going to produce tremendous results for our country. ___ AP: One more 100 days question. TRUMP: That's fine. AP: ... is do you think you have the right team in place for your next 100 days? TRUMP: Yes. I think my team has been, well, I have different teams. I think my military team has been treated with great respect. As they should be. I think my other team hasn't been treated with the respect that they should get. We have some very talented people, and very diverse people. AP: Do you mean your White House team when you say that? TRUMP: Yeah, my White House team. I think Reince (Priebus) has been doing an excellent job. I think that, you know, this is a very tough environment not caused necessarily by me. Although the election has, you know, look, the Democrats had a tremendous opportunity because the electoral college, as I said, is so skewed to them. You start off by losing in New York and California, no matter who it is. If, if Abe Lincoln came back to life, he would lose New York and he would lose California. It's just the registration, there's nothing you can do. So you're losing the two biggest states, that's where you start. OK. The electoral college is so skewed in favor of a Democrat that it's very, very hard. Look at Obama's number in the electoral college. His numbers on the win were ... but the electoral college numbers were massive. You lose New York, you lose Illinois. Illinois is impossible to win. And you look at, so now you lose New York, Illinois, no matter what you do, and California. Right. And you say, man. Now you have to win Florida, you have to win Ohio, you have to win North Carolina. You have to win all these states, and then I won Wisconsin and Michigan and all of these other places, but you remember there was no way to, there was no way to 270. AP: Right. TRUMP: So she had this massive advantage, she spent hundreds of millions of dollars more money than I spent. Hundreds of millions ... Yeah. Or more, actually because we were $375 she was at $2.2 billion. But whatever. She spent massive amounts of money more and she lost. Solidly lost, because you know it wasn't 270, it was 306. So there's anger. But there was massive anger before I got there, so it's not easy for a White House staff to realize that you are going into a situation where you are going to be at no, where are going to get no votes. I mean, here's a judge who is No. 1 at Columbia, No. 1 at Harvard and an Oxford scholar. And he got three votes. AP: Three Democratic votes, but yeah. TRUMP: Three Democratic votes. OK. He's an Oxford scholar at the highest level. The No. 1, you know, one of the great academics, one of the great writers. No bad decisions with all ... nothing. He's like a ... AP: Do you think that you can break through that? I mean this — TRUMP: Yeah, I do. AP: Is one of the biggest challenges for a president. TRUMP: I think (I) can to an extent. But there's a, there's a basic hard-line core that you can't break though, OK, that you can't break through. There's a hard-line group you can't break through, you can't. It's sad. You can't. Look, I met with Congressman Cummings and I really liked him, a lot. Elijah Cummings (of Maryland). I really liked him a lot. And during the conversation because we have a very strong mutual feeling on drug prices. He came to see me, at my invitation, because I saw him talking about, he came to see me about drug prices because drug prices are ridiculous. And I am going to get them way, way, way down and he liked that. He said you will be the greatest president. He said you will be, in front of five, six people, he said you will be the greatest president in the history of this country. AP: He disputed that slightly. TRUMP: That's what he said. I mean, what can I tell you? AP: Yeah. TRUMP: There's six people sitting here. What did he, what, what do you mean by slightly? AP: He said, he said that he felt like you could be a great president if and then — TRUMP: Well he said, you'll be the greatest president in the history of, but you know what, I'll take that also, but that you could be. But he said, will be the greatest president but I would also accept the other. In other words, if you do your job, but I accept that. Then I watched him interviewed and it was like he never even was here. It's incredible. I watched him interviewed a week later and it's like he was never in my office. And you can even say that. ___ AP: And that's one of the difficulties I think presidents have had is that you can have these personal relationships with people from the other party, but then it's hard to actually change how people vote or change how people — TRUMP: No I have, it's interesting, I have, seem to get very high ratings. I definitely. You know Chris Wallace had 9.2 million people, it's the highest in the history of the show. I have all the ratings for all those morning shows. When I go, they go double, triple. Chris Wallace, look back during the Army-Navy football game, I did his show that morning. AP: I remember, right. TRUMP: It had 9.2 million people. It's the highest they've ever had. On any, on air, (CBS “Face the Nation” host John) Dickerson had 5.2 million people. It's the highest for “Face the Nation” or as I call it, “Deface the Nation.” It's the highest for “Deface the Nation” since the World Trade Center. Since the World Trade Center came down. It's a tremendous advantage. I have learned one thing, because I get treated very unfairly, that's what I call it, the fake media. And the fake media is not all of the media. You know they tried to say that the fake media was all the, no. The fake media is some of you. I could tell you who it is, 100 percent. Sometimes you're fake, but — but the fake media is some of the media. It bears no relationship to the truth. It's not that Fox treats me well, it's that Fox is the most accurate. AP: Do you believe that? That Fox — TRUMP: I do. I get treated so badly. Yesterday, about the thing, you know when I said it's a terrorism ... it may be. I said it may be a terrorist attack and MSNBC, I heard, went crazy, “He called it a terrorist attack.” They thought it was a bank robbery. By the way, I'm 10-0 for that. I've called every one of them. Every time they said I called it way too early and then it turns out I'm ... Whatever. Whatever. In the meantime, I'm here and they're not. ___ AP: Do you feel that one of the things with cable is there's such real-time reaction with everything you say? TRUMP: Yeah. AP: Can you separate that sometimes from that actual decision? TRUMP: The one thing — AP: That you have to do — TRUMP: OK. The one thing I've learned to do that I never thought I had the ability to do. I don't watch CNN anymore. AP: You just said you did. TRUMP: No. No, I, if I'm passing it, what did I just say (inaudible)? AP: You just said — TRUMP: Where? Where? AP: Two minutes ago. TRUMP: No, they treat me so badly. No, I just said that. No, I, what'd I say, I stopped watching them. But I don't watch CNN anymore. I don't watch MSNBC. I don't watch it. Now I heard yesterday that MSNBC, you know, they tell me what's going on. AP: Right. TRUMP: In fact, they also did. I never thought I had the ability to not watch. Like, people think I watch (MSNBC's) “Morning Joe.” I don't watch “Morning Joe.” I never thought I had the ability to, and who used to treat me great by the way, when I played the game. I never thought I had the ability to not watch what is unpleasant, if it's about me. Or pleasant. But when I see it's such false reporting and such bad reporting and false reporting that I've developed an ability that I never thought I had. I don't watch things that are unpleasant. I just don't watch them. AP: And do you feel like that's, that's because of the office that you now occupy — TRUMP: No. AP: That you've made that change? TRUMP: I don't know why it is, but I've developed that ability, and it's happened over the last, over the last year. AP: That's interesting. TRUMP: And I don't watch things that I know are going to be unpleasant. CNN has covered me unfairly and incorrectly and I don't watch them anymore. A lot of people don't watch them anymore, they're now in third place. But I've created something where people are watching ... but I don't watch CNN anymore. I don't watch MSNBC anymore. I don't watch things, and I never thought I had that ability. I always thought I'd watch. AP: Sure. TRUMP: I just don't. And that's taken place over the last year. And you know what that is, that's a great, it's a great thing because you leave, you leave for work in the morning you know, you're, you don't watch this total negativity. I never thought I'd be able to do that and for me, it's so easy to do now. Just don't watch. AP: That's interesting. TRUMP: Maybe it's because I'm here. I don't know. politics the-fix Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters politics the-fix Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 2.3K Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Aaron Blake is senior political reporter for The Fix. Follow @aaronblake 2349 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Analysis Trump’s over-the-top, boastful AP interview, annotated 2 In Chicago, Obama tells young leaders that ‘special interests dominate the debates in Washington’ 3 Trump boasts of highest TV ratings since ‘the World Trade Center came down’ 4 Analysis Downside to holding Obamacare hostage to pay for Trump’s wall? Obamacare is more popular. 5 Analysis How America feels about abortion The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Inside 'Trump Revealed' Read stories based on reporting for “Trump Revealed,” a broad, comprehensive biography of the life of the president. Reporting archive: Trump’s financial records, depositions and interview transcripts politics the-fix Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS Aerojet Rocketdyne completes qualification tests on reusable rocket engine by Staff Writers Sacramento CA (SPX) Apr 24, 2017 The MR-104J, designed by Aerojet Rocketdyne, was developed and tested under the company's Commercial Crew Transportation Capability (CCtCap) subcontract to Boeing. Aerojet Rocketdyne has completed hot-fire qualification tests of an engine that demonstrates the ability to meet reusability requirements for Boeing's Crew Space Transportation (CST)-100 Starliner crew module propulsion system. The tests were conducted on Aerojet Rocketdyne's MR-104J hydrazine monopropellant engine in Redmond, Washington. For NASA service missions to the International Space Station, Boeing's Starliner spacecraft will carry up to four astronauts and time-critical scientific research. "Our engineers have incorporated a unique design that will allow the MR-104 engine to be used on multiple missions, providing the reliability, cost-efficiency and reusability our customer needs to be competitive in the current commercial space environment," said Aerojet Rocketdyne CEO and President Eileen Drake. "We look forward to delivering the engines for the crew module and continuing our proud heritage of enabling astronauts to fly to the International Space Station from U.S. soil." The Starliner crew module propulsion system will use 12 MR-104J engines for reaction control to orient the vehicle during re-entry into the Earth's atmosphere. Prior to re-entry, attitude control is provided by the Service Module Engines, also provided by Aerojet Rocketdyne. The MR-104J, designed by Aerojet Rocketdyne, was developed and tested under the company's Commercial Crew Transportation Capability (CCtCap) subcontract to Boeing. Similar to other reaction control system engines, the MR-104J includes additional features to increase redundancy that meet critical requirements and improved strength to withstand multiple shocks at operating temperatures. The engine upgrades also provide reusability for Boeing as it certifies Starliner crew modules for multiple missions. Under the CCtCap subcontract to Boeing, Aerojet Rocketdyne will provide propulsion system hardware that includes Crew Module Reaction Control engines; Launch Abort Engines, Orbital Maneuvering and Attitude Control thrusters, and Service Module Reaction Control System thrusters. Boeing will assemble propulsion hardware into the Starliner spacecraft at its Commercial Crew and Cargo Processing Facility at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Tweet Dream Chaser to use Europe's next-generation docking system Paris (ESA) Apr 10, 2017 ESA and a team of European industrial contractors led by QinetiQ have finalised an agreement with Sierra Nevada Corporation for the use of Europe's International Berthing Docking Mechanism on the Dream Chaser spaceplane. The Sierra Nevada Corporation (SNC) Dream Chaser is being developed as a reusable, lifting-body, multimission spacecraft capable of landing at commercial airports or space ... read more Related Links Aerojet Rocketdyne Rocket Science News at Space-Travel.Com Thanks for being here; We need your help. The SpaceDaily news network continues to grow but revenues have never been harder to maintain. With the rise of Ad Blockers, and Facebook - our traditional revenue sources via quality network advertising continues to decline. And unlike so many other news sites, we don't have a paywall - with those annoying usernames and passwords. Our news coverage takes time and effort to publish 365 days a year. If you find our news sites informative and useful then please consider becoming a regular supporter or for now make a one off contribution. SpaceDaily Contributor $5 Billed Once credit card or paypal SpaceDaily Monthly Supporter $5 Billed Monthly paypal only Comment using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google Russian, American two-man crew reaches ISS NASA Engages the Next Generation with HUNCH Cygnus docks with ISS, delivering 28 Cubesats from multiple customers Orbital cargo ship arrives at space station Alaska Aerospace Pursuing Asian Small Satellite Launch Market 45th SW supports Atlas V OA-7 launch Russia and US woo Brazil, hope to use advantageous base for space launches Creation of carrier rocket for Baiterek Space Complex to cost Russia $500Mln Researchers Produce Detailed Map of Potential Mars Rover Landing Site Mars Rover Opportunity Leaves 'Tribulation' Mars spacecraft's first missions face delays, NASA says France, Japan aim to land probe on Mars moon China launches first cargo spacecraft Tianzhou-1 Are human space babies conceivable? China's first cargo spacecraft docks with space lab Tianzhou-1 space truck soars into orbit Airbus and Intelsat team up for more capacity Commercial Space Operators To Canada: "We're Here, and We can Help" Antenna Innovation Benefits the Government Customer Ukraine in talks with ESA to become member 'Twist and shine': Development of a new photoluminescent sensor material Japanese Cloud Radar payload ready for final spacecraft assembly Leybold simplifies repairs and maintenance through Augmented Reality Tiny Probes Hold Big Promise for Future NASA Missions Detecting Life in the Driest Place on Earth Oceans Galore: Most Habitable Planets May Lack Dry Land Newly Discovered Exoplanet May be Best Candidate in Search for Signs of Life Breakthrough Listen Publishes Initial Results ALMA investigates 'DeeDee,' a distant, dim member of our solar system Nap Time for New Horizons Hubble spots auroras on Uranus Cold' Great Spot discovered on Jupiter Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
MetroNews Canada MetroNews Canada Sorry, MetroNews.ca requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and refresh the page for an optimal experience. Home News Calgary Edmonton Halifax Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Canada World Views Entertainment Life Food Money Health Travel Technology Careers Wheels.ca Business Sports Your Home Horoscopes Games Features Special Features Contests Flyers News / World Transcript of AP interview with Trump Share on Facebook A A Share via Email Print By: Staff The Associated Press Published on A transcript of an Oval Office interview Friday with President Donald Trump by AP White House Correspondent Julie Pace. Where the audio recording of the interview is unclear, ellipses or a notation that the recording was unintelligible are used. AP: I do want to talk to you about the 100 days. TRUMP: Good. AP: I want to ask a few questions on some topics that are happening toward the end of the interview. TRUMP: Did you see Aya (Hijazi, an Egyptian-American charity worker who had been detained in the country for nearly three years) ... AP: Can you tell me a little bit about how that came about? TRUMP: No, just — you know, I asked the government to let her out. ... TRUMP: You know Obama worked on it for three years, got zippo, zero. AP: How did you hear about this story? TRUMP: Many people, human rights people, are talking about it. It's an incredible thing, especially when you meet her. You realize — I mean, she was in a rough place. AP: Did you have to strike a deal with (Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah) el-Sissi over this? TRUMP: No. No deal. He was here. He — I said, "I really would appreciate it if you would look into this and let her out." And as you know, she went through a trial. And anyway, she was let go. And not only she, it was a total of eight people. ... ___ TRUMP: Yeah, it's funny: One of the best chemistries I had was with (German Chancellor Angela) Merkel. (Crosstalk) AP: Really? TRUMP: Chancellor Merkel. TRUMP: And I guess somebody shouted out, "Shake her hand, shake her hand," you know. But I never heard it. But I had already shaken her hand four times. You know, because we were together for a long time. AP: Did you expect you would have good chemistry with her? TRUMP: No. Because, um, I'm at odds on, you know, the NATO payments and I'm at odds on immigration. We had unbelievable chemistry. And people have given me credit for having great chemistry with all of the leaders, including el-Sissi. ... TRUMP: So it was a great thing to see that happen. ___ AP: Do you feel like you have changed the office of the presidency, how the presidency can be used to effect change? TRUMP: I think the 100 days is, you know, it's an artificial barrier. It's not very meaningful. I think I've established amazing relationships that will be used the four or eight years, whatever period of time I'm here. I think for that I would be getting very high marks because I've established great relationships with countries, as President el-Sissi has shown and others have shown. Well, if you look at the president of China, people said they've never seen anything like what's going on right now. I really liked him a lot. I think he liked me. We have a great chemistry together. ... TRUMP: I've developed great relationships with all of these leaders. Nobody's written that. In fact, they said, "Oh, well, he's not treating them nicely," because on NATO, I want them to pay up. But I still get along with them great, and they will pay up. In fact, with the Italian prime minister yesterday, you saw, we were joking, "Come on, you have to pay up, you have to pay up." He'll pay. AP: Did he say that? In your meeting? Your private meeting? TRUMP: He's going to end up paying. But you know, nobody ever asked the question. Nobody asked. Nobody ever asked him to pay up. So it's a different kind of a presidency. AP: Do you feel like that's one thing that you've changed, that you maybe are actually asking the direct questions about some of these things? TRUMP: Yeah. Let me give me an example. A little before I took office there was a terrible article about the F-35 fighter jet. It was hundreds of billions of dollars over budget. It was seven years behind schedule. It was a disaster. So I called in Lockheed and I said, "I'm sorry, we're going to have to bid this out to another company, namely Boeing," or whoever else. But Boeing. And I called in Boeing and I started getting competing offers back and forth. ... TRUMP: I saved $725 million on the 90 planes. Just 90. Now there are 3,000 planes that are going to be ordered. On 90 planes I saved $725 million. It's actually a little bit more than that, but it's $725 million. Gen. Mattis, who had to sign the deal when it came to his office, said, "I've never seen anything like this in my life." We went from a company that wanted more money for the planes to a company that cut. And the reason they cut — same planes, same everything — was because of me. I mean, because that's what I do. TRUMP: Now if you multiply that times 3,000 planes, you know this is on 90 planes. In fact, when the Prime Minister (Shinzo) Abe of Japan came in because they bought a certain number of those ... The first thing he said to me, because it was right at the time I did it, he said, "Could I thank you?" I said, "What?" He said, "You saved us $100 million." Because they got a $100 million savings on the 10 or 12 planes that they (bought). Nobody wrote that story. Now you know that's a saving of billions and billions of dollars, many billions of dollars over the course of — it's between 2,500 and 3,000 planes will be the final order. But this was only 90 of those 2,500 planes. AP: And you expect those savings to carry out across that full order? TRUMP: More. I'm gonna get more than that. This was a thing that was out of control and now it's great. And the woman that runs Lockheed, Marillyn (Hewson), she was great. But all of a sudden it was a different kind of a thing. You know? ___ AP: Do you feel like you've been able to apply that kind of a relationship to your dealings with Congress as well? TRUMP: I have great relationships with Congress. I think we're doing very well and I think we have a great foundation for future things. We're going to be applying, I shouldn't tell you this, but we're going to be announcing, probably on Wednesday, tax reform. And it's — we've worked on it long and hard. And you've got to understand, I've only been here now 93 days, 92 days. President Obama took 17 months to do Obamacare. I've been here 92 days but I've only been working on the health care, you know I had to get like a little bit of grounding right? Health care started after 30 day(s), so I've been working on health care for 60 days. ...You know, we're very close. And it's a great plan, you know, we have to get it approved. AP: Is it this deal that's between the Tuesday Group and the Freedom Caucus, is that the deal you're looking at? TRUMP: So the Republican Party has various groups, all great people. They're great people. But some are moderate, some are very conservative. The Democrats don't seem to have that nearly as much. You know the Democrats have, they don't have that. The Republicans do have that. And I think it's fine. But you know there's a pretty vast area in there. And I have a great relationship with all of them. Now, we have government not closing. I think we'll be in great shape on that. It's going very well. Obviously, that takes precedent. AP: That takes precedent over health care? For next week? TRUMP: Yeah, sure. Next week. Because the hundred days is just an artificial barrier. The press keeps talking about the hundred days. But we've done a lot. You have a list of things. I don't have to read it. ___ AP: You did put out though, as a candidate, you put out a 100-day plan. Do you feel like you should be held accountable to that plan? TRUMP: Somebody, yeah, somebody put out the concept of a hundred-day plan. But yeah. Well, I'm mostly there on most items. Go over the items, and I'll talk to you ... (Crosstalk.) TRUMP: But things change. There has to be flexibility. Let me give you an example. President Xi, we have a, like, a really great relationship. For me to call him a currency manipulator and then say, "By the way, I'd like you to solve the North Korean problem," doesn't work. So you have to have a certain flexibility, Number One. Number Two, from the time I took office till now, you know, it's a very exact thing. It's not like generalities. Do you want a Coke or anything? AP: I'm OK, thank you. No. ... TRUMP: But President Xi, from the time I took office, he has not, they have not been currency manipulators. Because there's a certain respect because he knew I would do something or whatever. But more importantly than him not being a currency manipulator the bigger picture, bigger than even currency manipulation, if he's helping us with North Korea, with nuclear and all of the things that go along with it, who would call, what am I going to do, say, "By the way, would you help us with North Korea? And also, you're a currency manipulator." It doesn't work that way. AP: Right. TRUMP: And the media, some of them get it, in all fairness. But you know some of them either don't get it, in which case they're very stupid people, or they just don't want to say it. You know because of a couple of them said, "He didn't call them a currency manipulator." Well, for two reasons. Number One, he's not, since my time. You know, very specific formula. You would think it's like generalities, it's not. They have — they've actually — their currency's gone up. So it's a very, very specific formula. And I said, "How badly have they been," ... they said, "Since you got to office they have not manipulated their currency." That's Number One, but much more important, they are working with us on North Korea. Now maybe that'll work out or maybe it won't. Can you imagine? ... AP: So in terms of the 100-day plan that you did put out during the campaign, do you feel, though, that people should hold you accountable to this in terms of judging success? TRUMP: No, because much of the foundation's been laid. Things came up. I'll give you an example. I didn't put Supreme Court judge on the 100 (day) plan, and I got a Supreme Court judge. AP: I think it's on there. TRUMP: I don't know. ... AP: "Begin the process of selecting." You actually exceeded on this one. This says, "Begin the process of selecting a replacement." TRUMP: That's the biggest thing I've done. AP: Do you consider that your biggest success? TRUMP: Well, I — first of all I think he's a great man. I think he will be a great, great justice of the Supreme Court. I have always heard that the selection and the affirmation of a Supreme Court judge is the biggest thing a president can do. Don't forget, he could be there for 40 years. ... He's a young man. I've always heard that that's the biggest thing. Now, I would say that defence is the biggest thing. You know, to be honest, there are a number of things. But I've always heard that the highest calling is the nomination of a Supreme Court justice. I've done one in my first 70 days. TRUMP: Our military is so proud. They were not proud at all. They had their heads down. Now they have their heads up. ... TRUMP: I'm rebuilding the military. We have great people. We have great things in place. We have tremendous borders. I mention the F-35 because if I can save $725 million — look at that, that's a massive amount of money. And I'll save more as we make more planes. If I can save that on a small number of planes — Gen. (Jim) Mattis (the defence secretary) said, "I've never seen anything like this," because he had to sign the ultimate (unintelligible) ... He had to sign the ultimate, you know. He said, "I've never seen anything like this before, as long as I've been in the military." You know, that kind of cutting. AP: Right. TRUMP: Now, if I can do that (unintelligible) ... As an example, the aircraft carriers, billions of dollars, the Gerald Ford, billions and billions over budget. That won't happen. AP: Is that something you're going to take on? TRUMP: (unintelligible) But as we order the other ones, because they want to order 12, the other ones are going to come in much less expensive. ... ___ AP: Can I ask you, over your first 100 days — you're not quite there yet — how do you feel like the office has changed you? TRUMP: Well the one thing I would say — and I say this to people — I never realized how big it was. Everything's so (unintelligible) like, you know the orders are so massive. I was talking to — AP: You mean the responsibility of it, or do you mean — TRUMP: Number One, there's great responsibility. When it came time to, as an example, send out the 59 missiles, the Tomahawks in Syria. I'm saying to myself, "You know, this is more than just like, 79 (sic) missiles. This is death that's involved," because people could have been killed. This is risk that's involved, because if the missile goes off and goes in a city or goes in a civilian area — you know, the boats were hundreds of miles away — and if this missile goes off and lands in the middle of a town or a hamlet .... every decision is much harder than you'd normally make. (unintelligible) ... This is involving death and life and so many things. ... So it's far more responsibility. (unintelligible) ....The financial cost of everything is so massive, every agency. This is thousands of times bigger, the United States, than the biggest company in the world. The second-largest company in the world is the Defence Department. The third-largest company in the world is Social Security. The fourth-largest — you know, you go down the list. AP: Right. TRUMP. It's massive. And every agency is, like, bigger than any company. So you know, I really just see the bigness of it all, but also the responsibility. And the human responsibility. You know, the human life that's involved in some of the decisions. ___ AP: You've talked a little bit about the way that you've brought some business skills into the office. Is there anything from your business background that just doesn't translate into the presidency, that just simply is not applicable to this job? TRUMP: Well in business, you don't necessarily need heart, whereas here, almost everything affects people. So if you're talking about health care — you have health care in business but you're trying to just negotiate a good price on health care, et cetera, et cetera. You're providing health. This is (unintelligible). Here, everything, pretty much everything you do in government, involves heart, whereas in business, most things don't involve heart. AP: What's that switch been like for you? TRUMP: In fact, in business you're actually better off without it. AP: What's making that switch been like for you? TRUMP: You have to love people. And if you love people, such a big responsibility. (unintelligible) You can take any single thing, including even taxes. I mean we're going to be doing major tax reform. Here's part of your story, it's going to be a big (unintelligible). Everybody's saying, "Oh, he's delaying." I'm not delaying anything. I'll tell you the other thing is (unintelligible). I used to get great press. I get the worst press. I get such dishonest reporting with the media. That's another thing that really has — I've never had anything like it before. It happened during the primaries, and I said, you know, when I won, I said, "Well the one thing good is now I'll get good press." And it got worse. (unintelligible) So that was one thing that a little bit of a surprise to me. I thought the press would become better, and it actually, in my opinion, got more nasty. ___ AP: But in terms of tax reform, how are you going to roll that out next week? TRUMP: Well I'm going to roll (out) probably on Wednesday, around Wednesday of next week, we're putting out a massive tax reform — business and for people — we want to do both. We've been working on it (unintelligible). Secretary Mnuchin is a very talented person, very smart. Very successful (unintelligible). ... We're going to be putting that out on Wednesday or shortly thereafter. Let me leave a little room just in case (unintelligible). ... And that's a big story, because a lot of people think I'm going to put it out much later. AP: Do you have any details on that in terms of rates? TRUMP: Only in terms that it will be a massive tax cut. It will be bigger, I believe, than any tax cut ever. Maybe the biggest tax cut we've ever had. ... ___ AP: Obviously, that's going to come in a week where you're going to be running up against the deadline for keeping the government open. If you get a bill on your desk that does not include funding for the wall, will you sign it? TRUMP: I don't know yet. People want the border wall. My base definitely wants the border wall, my base really wants it — you've been to many of the rallies. OK, the thing they want more than anything is the wall. My base, which is a big base; I think my base is 45 per cent . You know, it's funny. The Democrats, they have a big advantage in the electoral college. Big, big, big advantage. I've always said the popular vote would be a lot easier than the electoral college. The electoral college — but it's a whole different campaign (unintelligible). The electoral college is very difficult for a Republican to win, and I will tell you, the people want to see it. They want to see the wall, they want to see security. Now, it just came out that they're 73 per cent down. ... That's a tremendous achievement. ... Look at this, in 100 days, that down to the lowest in 17 years and it's going lower. Now, people aren't coming because they know they're not going to get through, and there isn't crime. You know the migration up to the border is horrible for women, you know that? (Unintelligible.) Now, much of that's stopped because they can't get through. AP: It sounds like maybe you're beginning to send a message that if you do get a spending bill that doesn't have border funding in there, you would sign it. TRUMP: Well, first of all, the wall will cost much less than the numbers I'm seeing. I'm seeing numbers, I mean, this wall is not going to be that expensive. AP: What do you think the estimate on it would be? TRUMP: Oh I'm seeing numbers — $24 billion, I think I'll do it for $10 billion or less. That's not a lot of money relative to what we're talking about. If we stop 1 per cent of the drugs from coming in — and we'll stop all of it. But if we stop 1 per cent of the drugs because we have the wall — they're coming around in certain areas, but if you have a wall, they can't do it because it's a real wall. That's a tremendously good investment, 1 per cent . The drugs pouring through on the southern border are unbelievable. We're becoming a drug culture, there's so much. And most of it's coming from the southern border. The wall will stop the drugs. AP: But, just trying to nail you down on it one more time, will you sign a spending bill if it doesn't have — TRUMP: I don't want to comment. I just don't know yet. I mean, I have to see what's going on. I really do. But the wall's a very important thing to — not only my base, but to the people. And even if it wasn't, I mean I'll do things that aren't necessarily popular. ... The wall is very important to stopping drugs. AP: If you don't have a funding stream, your message to your base is what? TRUMP: My base understands the wall is going to get built, whether I have it funded here or if I get it funded shortly thereafter, that wall's getting built, OK? One hundred per cent . One hundred per cent it's getting built. And it's also getting built for much less money — I hope you get this — than these people are estimating. The opponents are talking $25 billion for the wall. It's not going to cost anywhere near that. AP: You think $10 billion or less. TRUMP: I think $10 billion or less. And if I do a super-duper, higher, better, better security, everything else, maybe it goes a little bit more. But it's not going to be anywhere near (those) kind of numbers. And they're using those numbers; they're using the high numbers to make it sound impalatable (sic). And the fact it's going to cost much less money, just like the airplane I told you about, which I hope you can write about. ___ (Off-the-record discussion.) ___ TRUMP: They had a quote from me that NATO's obsolete. But they didn't say why it was obsolete. I was on Wolf Blitzer, very fair interview, the first time I was ever asked about NATO, because I wasn't in government. People don't go around asking about NATO if I'm building a building in Manhattan, right? So they asked me, Wolf ... asked me about NATO, and I said two things. NATO's obsolete — not knowing much about NATO, now I know a lot about NATO — NATO is obsolete, and I said, "And the reason it's obsolete is because of the fact they don't focus on terrorism." You know, back when they did NATO there was no such thing as terrorism. AP: What specifically has NATO changed? TRUMP: (Cites Wall Street Journal article) ... I did an interview with Wolf Blitzer, and I said NATO was obsolete — I said two things — obsolete, and the country's aren't paying. I was right about both. I took such heat for about three days on both, because nobody ever criticized NATO. I took heat like you wouldn't believe. And then some expert on NATO said, "You know, Trump is right." But I said it was obsolete because they weren't focused on terror. ... It's not fair that we're paying close to 4 per cent and other countries that are more directly affected are paying 1 per cent when they're supposed to be paying 2 per cent . And I'm very strong on it and I'm going to be very strong on it when I go there in a month." __ AP: This morning you tweeted that after the possible terrorist attack in Paris, that it will have a big effect on the upcoming French election. What did you mean by that? TRUMP: Well, I think it will have a big effect on who people are going to vote for in the election. AP: Do you think it's going to help Marine Le Pen? TRUMP: I think so. AP: Do you believe that she should be the president? TRUMP: No, I have no comment on that, but I think that it'll probably help her because she is the strongest on borders and she is the strongest on what's been going on in France. AP: Do you worry at all that by saying that, that a terrorist attack would have an impact on a democratic election, that it would actually embolden terrorists to try to —. TRUMP: No. Look, everybody is making predictions who is going to win. I am no different than you, you could say the same thing. ... AP: I just wonder if you are encouraging, you are the president of the United States, so to say that you worry that it encourages terrorists ... TRUMP: No, I am no different than — no, I think it discourages terrorists, I think it discourages. I think what we've done on the border discourages it. I think that my stance on having people come in to this country that we have no idea who they are and in certain cases you will have radical Islamic terrorism. I'm not going to have it in this country. I'm not going to let what happened to France and other places happen here. And it's already largely, you know — we have tens — we have hundreds of thousands of people that have been allowed into our country that should not be here. They shouldn't be here. We have people allowed into our country with no documentation whatsoever. They have no documentation and they were allowed under the previous administrations, they were allowed into our country. It's a big mistake. AP: Just so that I am clear. You are not endorsing her for the office, but you are — TRUMP: I am not endorsing her and I didn't mention her name. AP: Right, I just wanted to make sure I have that clear. TRUMP: I believe whoever is the toughest on radical Islamic terrorism and whoever is the toughest at the borders will do well at the election. I am not saying that person is going to win, she is not even favoured to win, you know. Right now, she is in second place. ___ AP: I have a question on the markets, actually. One thing that I think has been different about this White House is that you do point to the markets as a sign of progress. Do you worry, though — I mean, the markets go up and down. TRUMP: You live by the sword, you die by the sword, to a certain extent. But we create a lot of jobs, 500,000 jobs as of two months ago, and plenty created since. Five hundred thousand. ... As an example, Ford, General Motors. I've had cases where the gentleman from China, Ma, Jack Ma (chairman of Alibaba Group), he comes up, he says, "Only because of you am I making this massive investment." Intel, only because of you. ... The press never writes that. ___ AP: What about NAFTA? What's the plan on NAFTA? TRUMP: What would you like to know? AP: I would like to know what your plan is in terms of renegotiating. TRUMP: I am very upset with NAFTA. I think NAFTA has been a catastrophic trade deal for the United States, trading agreement for the United States. It hurts us with Canada, and it hurts us with Mexico. Most people don't even think of NAFTA in terms of Canada. You saw what happened yesterday in my statements, because if you look at the dairy farmers in Wisconsin and upstate New York, they are getting killed by NAFTA. AP: Is your plan still, though, to renegotiate the whole deal? TRUMP: I am going to either renegotiate it or I am going to terminate it. AP: Termination is still on the table. TRUMP: Absolutely. If they don't treat fairly, I am terminating NAFTA. AP: What's a timeline for that decision? TRUMP: It's a six-month termination clause, I have the right to do it, it's a six-month clause. ___ AP: If I could fit a couple of more topics. Jeff Sessions, your attorney general, is taking a tougher line suddenly on Julian Assange, saying that arresting him is a priority. You were supportive of what WikiLeaks was doing during the campaign with the release of the Clinton emails. Do you think that arresting Assange is a priority for the United States? TRUMP: When Wikileaks came out ... never heard of Wikileaks, never heard of it. When Wikileaks came out, all I was just saying is, "Well, look at all this information here, this is pretty good stuff." You know, they tried to hack the Republican, the RNC, but we had good defences . They didn't have defences , which is pretty bad management. But we had good defences , they tried to hack both of them. They weren't able to get through to Republicans. No, I found it very interesting when I read this stuff and I said, "Wow." It was just a figure of speech. I said, "Well, look at this. It's good reading." AP: But that didn't mean that you supported what Assange is doing? TRUMP: No, I don't support or unsupport. It was just information. They shouldn't have allowed it to get out. If they had the proper defensive devices on their internet, you know, equipment, they wouldn't even allow the FBI. How about this — they get hacked, and the FBI goes to see them, and they won't let the FBI see their server. But do you understand, nobody ever writes it. Why wouldn't (former Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John) Podesta and Hillary Clinton allow the FBI to see the server? They brought in another company that I hear is Ukrainian-based. AP: CrowdStrike? TRUMP: That's what I heard. I heard it's owned by a very rich Ukrainian, that's what I heard. But they brought in another company to investigate the server. Why didn't they allow the FBI in to investigate the server? I mean, there is so many things that nobody writes about. It's incredible. AP: Can I just ask you, though — do you believe it is a priority for the United States, or it should be a priority, to arrest Julian Assange? TRUMP: I am not involved in that decision, but if Jeff Sessions wants to do it, it's OK with me. I didn't know about that decision, but if they want to do it, it's OK with me. ___ AP: On Iran, which is another thing you talked a lot on the campaign — TRUMP: And the other thing that we should go after is the leakers. ... AP: On Iran, you also talked about it quite a bit on the campaign trail. And you said in the press conference yesterday that you think that Iran is violating the spirit of the agreement. When you say that, do you mean in terms of the actual nuclear accord, or do you mean what they are doing in the region? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing all over the Middle East and beyond. AP: So you believe that they are complying with the agreement? TRUMP: No, I don't say that. I say that I believe they have broken the spirit of the agreement. There is a spirit to agreements, and they have broken it. AP: In terms of what they are doing elsewhere in the Middle East? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing of all over. AP: When you talk to European leaders, when you talk to Merkel, for example, or Teresa May, what do they say about the nuclear deal? Do they want you to stay in that deal? TRUMP: I don't talk to them about it. AP: You don't talk to them about the Iran deal? TRUMP: I mention it, but it's very personal when I talk to them, you know, it's confidential. No, they have their own opinions. I don't say that they are different than my opinions, but I'd rather have you ask them that question. AP: At this point, do you believe that you will stay in the nuclear deal? TRUMP: It's possible that we won't. ___ AP: Dreamers, you've talked about them, you've talked about heart earlier. This is one area where you have talked — TRUMP: No, we aren't looking to do anything right now. Look, the dreamers ... this is an interesting case, they left and they came back and he's got some problems, it's a little different than the dreamer case, right? But we are putting MS-13 in jail and getting them the hell out of our country. They've taken over towns and cities and we are being really brutal with MS-13, and that's what we should be. They are a bad group, and somebody said they are as bad as al-Qaida, which is a hell of a reference. So we are moving criminals out of our country and we are getting them out in record numbers and those are the people we are after. We are not after the dreamers, we are after the criminals. AP: And that's going to be the policy of your administration to allow the dreamers to stay? TRUMP: Yes. Yes. That's our policy. I am not saying ... long-term, we are going to have to fix the problem, the whole immigration problem. But I will tell you: Right now we have a great gentleman, one of my real stars is Gen. (John) Kelly, now (Homeland Security) Secretary Kelly. We are down 73 per cent at the border, we are cleaning out cities and towns of hard-line criminals, some of the worst people on earth, people that rape and kill women, people that are killing people just for the sake of having fun. They are being thrown in jails and they are being ... all over the country and nobody's ever done it like us, so we are being unbelievably thorough with that. We are out in Long Island cleaning out the MS-13 scum, they are all scum, that's probably the worst gang anywhere on Earth. ... AP: A lot of the dreamers have been hoping to hear something from you. I don't want to give them the wrong message with this. TRUMP: Here is what they can hear: The dreamers should rest easy. OK? I'll give you that. The dreamers should rest easy. ... ___ (An aide talks about the president's address to Congress.) TRUMP: A lot of the people have said that, some people said it was the single best speech ever made in that chamber. AP: You seem like you enjoyed it. TRUMP: I did. I did. I believed in it and I enjoyed it. It was a great feeling to introduce the wife of a great young soldier who died getting us very valuable information. Have you seen the tremendous success? ... That's another thing that nobody talks about. Have you seen the tremendous success we've had in the Middle East with the ISIS (an abbreviation for the Islamic State group)? When (current Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al) Abadi left from Iraq, he said Trump has more success in eight weeks than Obama had in eight years. ... We have had tremendous success, but we don't talk about it. We don't talk about it. AP: Do you mean you don't talk about it personally because you don't want to talk about it? TRUMP: I don't talk about it. No. And the generals don't talk about it. ___ AP: You had put a request into the Pentagon to put forward an ISIS plan within 30 days. I know they have sent that over. Have you accepted a plan? Are you moving forward on a strategy? TRUMP: We have a very strong plan, but we cannot talk about it, Julie. AP: So you have decided on a plan? TRUMP: Remember how many times have you been to the speech where I talked about Mosul. AP: Right. TRUMP. Right. Mosul. Four months we are going in, three months. We are still fighting Mosul. You know why? Because they were prepared. If we would have gone in and just done it, it would have been over three months ago. AP: Can you say generally what the strategy is? Should people — TRUMP: Generally is we have got to get rid of ISIS. We have no choice. And other terrorist organizations. AP: Should Americans who are serving in the military expect that you are going to increase troop numbers in the Middle East to fight ISIS? TRUMP: No, not much. AP: In terms of the strategy, though, that you have accepted, it sounds like, from the generals — TRUMP: Well, they've also accepted my strategy. AP: Does that involve more troops on the ground, it sounds like? TRUMP: Not many. AP: So a small increase? TRUMP: It could be an increase, then an increase. But not many more. I want to do the job, but not many more. ... This is an important story. I've done a lot. I've done more than any other president in the first 100 days and I think the first 100 days is an artificial barrier. And I'm scheduled ... the foundations have been set to do some great things. With foreign countries. Look at, look at President Xi. I mean ... AP: What do you think it was about your chemistry? TRUMP: We had good chemistry. Now I don't know that I think that's going to produce results but you've got a good chance. AP: Uh-huh. TRUMP: Look, he turned down many coal ships. These massive coal ships are coming where they get a lot of their income. They're coming into China and they're being turned away. That's never happened before. The fuel, the oil, so many different things. You saw the editorial they had in their paper saying they cannot be allowed to have nuclear, you know, et cetera. People have said they've never seen this ever before in China. We have the same relationship with others. There's a great foundation that's built. Great foundation. And I think it's going to produce tremendous results for our country. ___ AP: One more 100 days question. TRUMP: That's fine. AP: ... is do you think you have the right team in place for your next 100 days? TRUMP: Yes. I think my team has been, well, I have different teams. I think my military team has been treated with great respect. As they should be. I think my other team hasn't been treated with the respect that they should get. We have some very talented people, and very diverse people. AP: Do you mean your White House team when you say that? TRUMP: Yeah, my White House team. I think Reince (Priebus) has been doing an excellent job. I think that, you know, this is a very tough environment not caused necessarily by me. Although the election has, you know, look, the Democrats had a tremendous opportunity because the electoral college, as I said, is so skewed to them. You start off by losing in New York and California, no matter who it is. If, if Abe Lincoln came back to life, he would lose New York and he would lose California. It's just the registration, there's nothing you can do. So you're losing the two biggest states, that's where you start. OK. The Electoral College is so skewed in favour of a Democrat that it's very, very hard. Look at Obama's number in the Electoral College. His numbers on the win were ... but the Electoral College numbers were massive. You lose New York, you lose Illinois. Illinois is impossible to win. And you look at, so now you lose New York, Illinois, no matter what you do, and California. Right. And you say, man. Now you have to win Florida, you have to win Ohio, you have to win North Carolina. You have to win all these states, and then I won Wisconsin and Michigan and all of these other places, but you remember there was no way to, there was no way to 270. AP: Right. TRUMP: So she had this massive advantage, she spent hundreds of millions of dollars more money than I spent. Hundreds of millions ... Yeah. Or more, actually because we were $375 she was at $2.2 billion. But whatever. She spent massive amounts of money more and she lost. Solidly lost, because you know it wasn't 270, it was 306. So there's anger. But there was massive anger before I got there, so it's not easy for a White House staff to realize that you are going into a situation where you are going to be at no, where are going to get no votes. I mean, here's a judge who is No. 1 at Columbia, No. 1 at Harvard and an Oxford scholar. And he got three votes. AP: Three Democratic votes, but yeah. TRUMP: Three Democratic votes. OK. He's an Oxford scholar at the highest level. The No. 1, you know, one of the great academics, one of the great writers. No bad decisions with all ... nothing. He's like a ... AP: Do you think that you can break through that? I mean this — TRUMP: Yeah, I do. AP: Is one of the biggest challenges for a president. TRUMP: I think (I) can to an extent. But there's a, there's a basic hard-line core that you can't break though, OK, that you can't break through. There's a hard-line group you can't break through, you can't. It's sad. You can't. Look, I met with Congressman Cummings and I really liked him, a lot. Elijah Cummings (of Maryland). I really liked him a lot. And during the conversation because we have a very strong mutual feeling on drug prices. He came to see me, at my invitation, because I saw him talking about, he came to see me about drug prices because drug prices are ridiculous. And I am going to get them way, way, way down and he liked that. He said you will be the greatest president. He said you will be, in front of five, six people, he said you will be the greatest president in the history of this country. AP: He disputed that slightly. TRUMP: That's what he said. I mean, what can I tell you? AP: Yeah. TRUMP: There's six people sitting here. What did he, what, what do you mean by slightly? AP: He said, he said that he felt like you could be a great president if and then — TRUMP: Well he said, you'll be the greatest president in the history of, but you know what, I'll take that also, but that you could be. But he said, will be the greatest president but I would also accept the other. In other words, if you do your job, but I accept that. Then I watched him interviewed and it was like he never even was here. It's incredible. I watched him interviewed a week later and it's like he was never in my office. And you can even say that. ___ AP: And that's one of the difficulties I think presidents have had is that you can have these personal relationships with people from the other party, but then it's hard to actually change how people vote or change how people — TRUMP: No I have, it's interesting, I have, seem to get very high ratings. I definitely. You know Chris Wallace had 9.2 million people, it's the highest in the history of the show. I have all the ratings for all those morning shows. When I go, they go double, triple. Chris Wallace, look back during the Army-Navy football game, I did his show that morning. AP: I remember, right. TRUMP: It had 9.2 million people. It's the highest they've ever had. On any, on air, (CBS "Face the Nation" host John) Dickerson had 5.2 million people. It's the highest for "Face the Nation" or as I call it, "Deface the Nation." It's the highest for "Deface the Nation" since the World Trade Center. Since the World Trade Center came down. It's a tremendous advantage. I have learned one thing, because I get treated very unfairly, that's what I call it, the fake media. And the fake media is not all of the media. You know they tried to say that the fake media was all the, no. The fake media is some of you. I could tell you who it is, 100 per cent . Sometimes you're fake, but — but the fake media is some of the media. It bears no relationship to the truth. It's not that Fox treats me well, it's that Fox is the most accurate. AP: Do you believe that? That Fox — TRUMP: I do. I get treated so badly. Yesterday, about the thing, you know when I said it's a terrorism ... it may be. I said it may be a terrorist attack and MSNBC, I heard, went crazy, "He called it a terrorist attack." They thought it was a bank robbery. By the way, I'm 10-0 for that. I've called every one of them. Every time they said I called it way too early and then it turns out I'm ... Whatever. Whatever. In the meantime, I'm here and they're not. ___ AP: Do you feel that one of the things with cable is there's such real-time reaction with everything you say? TRUMP: Yeah. AP: Can you separate that sometimes from that actual decision? TRUMP: The one thing — AP: That you have to do — TRUMP: OK. The one thing I've learned to do that I never thought I had the ability to do. I don't watch CNN anymore. AP: You just said you did. TRUMP: No. No, I, if I'm passing it, what did I just say (inaudible)? AP: You just said — TRUMP: Where? Where? AP: Two minutes ago. TRUMP: No, they treat me so badly. No, I just said that. No, I, what'd I say, I stopped watching them. But I don't watch CNN anymore. I don't watch MSNBC. I don't watch it. Now I heard yesterday that MSNBC, you know, they tell me what's going on. AP: Right. TRUMP: In fact, they also did. I never thought I had the ability to not watch. Like, people think I watch (MSNBC's) "Morning Joe." I don't watch "Morning Joe." I never thought I had the ability to, and who used to treat me great by the way, when I played the game. I never thought I had the ability to not watch what is unpleasant, if it's about me. Or pleasant. But when I see it's such false reporting and such bad reporting and false reporting that I've developed an ability that I never thought I had. I don't watch things that are unpleasant. I just don't watch them. AP: And do you feel like that's, that's because of the office that you now occupy — TRUMP: No. AP: That you've made that change? TRUMP: I don't know why it is, but I've developed that ability, and it's happened over the last, over the last year. AP: That's interesting. TRUMP: And I don't watch things that I know are going to be unpleasant. CNN has covered me unfairly and incorrectly and I don't watch them anymore. A lot of people don't watch them anymore, they're now in third place. But I've created something where people are watching ... but I don't watch CNN anymore. I don't watch MSNBC anymore. I don't watch things, and I never thought I had that ability. I always thought I'd watch. AP: Sure. TRUMP: I just don't. And that's taken place over the last year. And you know what that is, that's a great, it's a great thing because you leave, you leave for work in the morning you know, you're, you don't watch this total negativity. I never thought I'd be able to do that and for me, it's so easy to do now. Just don't watch. AP: That's interesting. TRUMP: Maybe it's because I'm here. I don't know. Editors' Picks Power of female surgeons unmasked thanks to a magazine cover Great Barrier Grief: Australia's treasure is dying Video: Rare drone footage shows why blue whales can be such picky eaters 'Operation Vandelay Industries' nabs fake architect named Newman More on Metronews.ca Most Popular How San Francisco fixed parking for everyone Seven warning signs of a bad debt customer Trump takes first swing in lumber war: tariff of 20 per cent on Canadian lumber Military helicopters to fly low across Nova Scotia this week, including American Black Hawk Back to Mobile About About Us Contact Careers RSS Feeds Terms Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Code Metronews.ca My Metro Store Contests Metro Panel Special Features FAQ © Copyright Free Daily News Group Inc. 2001-2017 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
News Sports Business Real Estate 69° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu 69° Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business April 24, 2017 3:32 AM Transcript of AP interview with Trump The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A transcript of an Oval Office interview Friday with President Donald Trump by AP White House Correspondent Julie Pace. Where the audio recording of the interview is unclear, ellipses or a notation that the recording was unintelligible are used. AP: I do want to talk to you about the 100 days. TRUMP: Good. AP: I want to ask a few questions on some topics that are happening toward the end of the interview. TRUMP: Did you see Aya (Hijazi, an Egyptian-American charity worker who had been detained in the country for nearly three years) ... AP: Can you tell me a little bit about how that came about? TRUMP: No, just — you know, I asked the government to let her out. ... TRUMP: You know Obama worked on it for three years, got zippo, zero. AP: How did you hear about this story? TRUMP: Many people, human rights people, are talking about it. It's an incredible thing, especially when you meet her. You realize — I mean, she was in a rough place. AP: Did you have to strike a deal with (Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah) el-Sissi over this? TRUMP: No. No deal. He was here. He — I said, "I really would appreciate it if you would look into this and let her out." And as you know, she went through a trial. And anyway, she was let go. And not only she, it was a total of eight people. ... ___ TRUMP: Yeah, it's funny: One of the best chemistries I had was with (German Chancellor Angela) Merkel. (Crosstalk) AP: Really? TRUMP: Chancellor Merkel. TRUMP: And I guess somebody shouted out, "Shake her hand, shake her hand," you know. But I never heard it. But I had already shaken her hand four times. You know, because we were together for a long time. AP: Did you expect you would have good chemistry with her? TRUMP: No. Because, um, I'm at odds on, you know, the NATO payments and I'm at odds on immigration. We had unbelievable chemistry. And people have given me credit for having great chemistry with all of the leaders, including el-Sissi. ... TRUMP: So it was a great thing to see that happen. ___ AP: Do you feel like you have changed the office of the presidency, how the presidency can be used to effect change? TRUMP: I think the 100 days is, you know, it's an artificial barrier. It's not very meaningful. I think I've established amazing relationships that will be used the four or eight years, whatever period of time I'm here. I think for that I would be getting very high marks because I've established great relationships with countries, as President el-Sissi has shown and others have shown. Well, if you look at the president of China, people said they've never seen anything like what's going on right now. I really liked him a lot. I think he liked me. We have a great chemistry together. ... TRUMP: I've developed great relationships with all of these leaders. Nobody's written that. In fact, they said, "Oh, well, he's not treating them nicely," because on NATO, I want them to pay up. But I still get along with them great, and they will pay up. In fact, with the Italian prime minister yesterday, you saw, we were joking, "Come on, you have to pay up, you have to pay up." He'll pay. AP: Did he say that? In your meeting? Your private meeting? TRUMP: He's going to end up paying. But you know, nobody ever asked the question. Nobody asked. Nobody ever asked him to pay up. So it's a different kind of a presidency. AP: Do you feel like that's one thing that you've changed, that you maybe are actually asking the direct questions about some of these things? TRUMP: Yeah. Let me give me an example. A little before I took office there was a terrible article about the F-35 fighter jet. It was hundreds of billions of dollars over budget. It was seven years behind schedule. It was a disaster. So I called in Lockheed and I said, "I'm sorry, we're going to have to bid this out to another company, namely Boeing," or whoever else. But Boeing. And I called in Boeing and I started getting competing offers back and forth. ... TRUMP: I saved $725 million on the 90 planes. Just 90. Now there are 3,000 planes that are going to be ordered. On 90 planes I saved $725 million. It's actually a little bit more than that, but it's $725 million. Gen. Mattis, who had to sign the deal when it came to his office, said, "I've never seen anything like this in my life." We went from a company that wanted more money for the planes to a company that cut. And the reason they cut — same planes, same everything — was because of me. I mean, because that's what I do. TRUMP: Now if you multiply that times 3,000 planes, you know this is on 90 planes. In fact, when the Prime Minister (Shinzo) Abe of Japan came in because they bought a certain number of those ... The first thing he said to me, because it was right at the time I did it, he said, "Could I thank you?" I said, "What?" He said, "You saved us $100 million." Because they got a $100 million savings on the 10 or 12 planes that they (bought). Nobody wrote that story. Now you know that's a saving of billions and billions of dollars, many billions of dollars over the course of — it's between 2,500 and 3,000 planes will be the final order. But this was only 90 of those 2,500 planes. AP: And you expect those savings to carry out across that full order? TRUMP: More. I'm gonna get more than that. This was a thing that was out of control and now it's great. And the woman that runs Lockheed, Marillyn (Hewson), she was great. But all of a sudden it was a different kind of a thing. You know? ___ AP: Do you feel like you've been able to apply that kind of a relationship to your dealings with Congress as well? TRUMP: I have great relationships with Congress. I think we're doing very well and I think we have a great foundation for future things. We're going to be applying, I shouldn't tell you this, but we're going to be announcing, probably on Wednesday, tax reform. And it's — we've worked on it long and hard. And you've got to understand, I've only been here now 93 days, 92 days. President Obama took 17 months to do Obamacare. I've been here 92 days but I've only been working on the health care, you know I had to get like a little bit of grounding right? Health care started after 30 day(s), so I've been working on health care for 60 days. ...You know, we're very close. And it's a great plan, you know, we have to get it approved. AP: Is it this deal that's between the Tuesday Group and the Freedom Caucus, is that the deal you're looking at? TRUMP: So the Republican Party has various groups, all great people. They're great people. But some are moderate, some are very conservative. The Democrats don't seem to have that nearly as much. You know the Democrats have, they don't have that. The Republicans do have that. And I think it's fine. But you know there's a pretty vast area in there. And I have a great relationship with all of them. Now, we have government not closing. I think we'll be in great shape on that. It's going very well. Obviously, that takes precedent. AP: That takes precedent over health care? For next week? TRUMP: Yeah, sure. Next week. Because the hundred days is just an artificial barrier. The press keeps talking about the hundred days. But we've done a lot. You have a list of things. I don't have to read it. ___ AP: You did put out though, as a candidate, you put out a 100-day plan. Do you feel like you should be held accountable to that plan? TRUMP: Somebody, yeah, somebody put out the concept of a hundred-day plan. But yeah. Well, I'm mostly there on most items. Go over the items, and I'll talk to you ... (Crosstalk.) TRUMP: But things change. There has to be flexibility. Let me give you an example. President Xi, we have a, like, a really great relationship. For me to call him a currency manipulator and then say, "By the way, I'd like you to solve the North Korean problem," doesn't work. So you have to have a certain flexibility, Number One. Number Two, from the time I took office till now, you know, it's a very exact thing. It's not like generalities. Do you want a Coke or anything? AP: I'm OK, thank you. No. ... TRUMP: But President Xi, from the time I took office, he has not, they have not been currency manipulators. Because there's a certain respect because he knew I would do something or whatever. But more importantly than him not being a currency manipulator the bigger picture, bigger than even currency manipulation, if he's helping us with North Korea, with nuclear and all of the things that go along with it, who would call, what am I going to do, say, "By the way, would you help us with North Korea? And also, you're a currency manipulator." It doesn't work that way. AP: Right. TRUMP: And the media, some of them get it, in all fairness. But you know some of them either don't get it, in which case they're very stupid people, or they just don't want to say it. You know because of a couple of them said, "He didn't call them a currency manipulator." Well, for two reasons. Number One, he's not, since my time. You know, very specific formula. You would think it's like generalities, it's not. They have — they've actually — their currency's gone up. So it's a very, very specific formula. And I said, "How badly have they been," ... they said, "Since you got to office they have not manipulated their currency." That's Number One, but much more important, they are working with us on North Korea. Now maybe that'll work out or maybe it won't. Can you imagine? ... AP: So in terms of the 100-day plan that you did put out during the campaign, do you feel, though, that people should hold you accountable to this in terms of judging success? TRUMP: No, because much of the foundation's been laid. Things came up. I'll give you an example. I didn't put Supreme Court judge on the 100 (day) plan, and I got a Supreme Court judge. AP: I think it's on there. TRUMP: I don't know. ... AP: "Begin the process of selecting." You actually exceeded on this one. This says, "Begin the process of selecting a replacement." TRUMP: That's the biggest thing I've done. AP: Do you consider that your biggest success? TRUMP: Well, I — first of all I think he's a great man. I think he will be a great, great justice of the Supreme Court. I have always heard that the selection and the affirmation of a Supreme Court judge is the biggest thing a president can do. Don't forget, he could be there for 40 years. ... He's a young man. I've always heard that that's the biggest thing. Now, I would say that defense is the biggest thing. You know, to be honest, there are a number of things. But I've always heard that the highest calling is the nomination of a Supreme Court justice. I've done one in my first 70 days. TRUMP: Our military is so proud. They were not proud at all. They had their heads down. Now they have their heads up. ... TRUMP: I'm rebuilding the military. We have great people. We have great things in place. We have tremendous borders. I mention the F-35 because if I can save $725 million — look at that, that's a massive amount of money. And I'll save more as we make more planes. If I can save that on a small number of planes — Gen. (Jim) Mattis (the defense secretary) said, "I've never seen anything like this," because he had to sign the ultimate (unintelligible) ... He had to sign the ultimate, you know. He said, "I've never seen anything like this before, as long as I've been in the military." You know, that kind of cutting. AP: Right. TRUMP: Now, if I can do that (unintelligible) ... As an example, the aircraft carriers, billions of dollars, the Gerald Ford, billions and billions over budget. That won't happen. AP: Is that something you're going to take on? TRUMP: (unintelligible) But as we order the other ones, because they want to order 12, the other ones are going to come in much less expensive. ... ___ AP: Can I ask you, over your first 100 days — you're not quite there yet — how do you feel like the office has changed you? TRUMP: Well the one thing I would say — and I say this to people — I never realized how big it was. Everything's so (unintelligible) like, you know the orders are so massive. I was talking to — AP: You mean the responsibility of it, or do you mean — TRUMP: Number One, there's great responsibility. When it came time to, as an example, send out the 59 missiles, the Tomahawks in Syria. I'm saying to myself, "You know, this is more than just like, 79 (sic) missiles. This is death that's involved," because people could have been killed. This is risk that's involved, because if the missile goes off and goes in a city or goes in a civilian area — you know, the boats were hundreds of miles away — and if this missile goes off and lands in the middle of a town or a hamlet .... every decision is much harder than you'd normally make. (unintelligible) ... This is involving death and life and so many things. ... So it's far more responsibility. (unintelligible) ....The financial cost of everything is so massive, every agency. This is thousands of times bigger, the United States, than the biggest company in the world. The second-largest company in the world is the Defense Department. The third-largest company in the world is Social Security. The fourth-largest — you know, you go down the list. AP: Right. TRUMP. It's massive. And every agency is, like, bigger than any company. So you know, I really just see the bigness of it all, but also the responsibility. And the human responsibility. You know, the human life that's involved in some of the decisions. ___ AP: You've talked a little bit about the way that you've brought some business skills into the office. Is there anything from your business background that just doesn't translate into the presidency, that just simply is not applicable to this job? TRUMP: Well in business, you don't necessarily need heart, whereas here, almost everything affects people. So if you're talking about health care — you have health care in business but you're trying to just negotiate a good price on health care, et cetera, et cetera. You're providing health. This is (unintelligible). Here, everything, pretty much everything you do in government, involves heart, whereas in business, most things don't involve heart. AP: What's that switch been like for you? TRUMP: In fact, in business you're actually better off without it. AP: What's making that switch been like for you? TRUMP: You have to love people. And if you love people, such a big responsibility. (unintelligible) You can take any single thing, including even taxes. I mean we're going to be doing major tax reform. Here's part of your story, it's going to be a big (unintelligible). Everybody's saying, "Oh, he's delaying." I'm not delaying anything. I'll tell you the other thing is (unintelligible). I used to get great press. I get the worst press. I get such dishonest reporting with the media. That's another thing that really has — I've never had anything like it before. It happened during the primaries, and I said, you know, when I won, I said, "Well the one thing good is now I'll get good press." And it got worse. (unintelligible) So that was one thing that a little bit of a surprise to me. I thought the press would become better, and it actually, in my opinion, got more nasty. ___ AP: But in terms of tax reform, how are you going to roll that out next week? TRUMP: Well I'm going to roll (out) probably on Wednesday, around Wednesday of next week, we're putting out a massive tax reform — business and for people — we want to do both. We've been working on it (unintelligible). Secretary Mnuchin is a very talented person, very smart. Very successful (unintelligible). ... We're going to be putting that out on Wednesday or shortly thereafter. Let me leave a little room just in case (unintelligible). ... And that's a big story, because a lot of people think I'm going to put it out much later. AP: Do you have any details on that in terms of rates? TRUMP: Only in terms that it will be a massive tax cut. It will be bigger, I believe, than any tax cut ever. Maybe the biggest tax cut we've ever had. ... ___ AP: Obviously, that's going to come in a week where you're going to be running up against the deadline for keeping the government open. If you get a bill on your desk that does not include funding for the wall, will you sign it? TRUMP: I don't know yet. People want the border wall. My base definitely wants the border wall, my base really wants it — you've been to many of the rallies. OK, the thing they want more than anything is the wall. My base, which is a big base; I think my base is 45 percent. You know, it's funny. The Democrats, they have a big advantage in the electoral college. Big, big, big advantage. I've always said the popular vote would be a lot easier than the electoral college. The electoral college — but it's a whole different campaign (unintelligible). The electoral college is very difficult for a Republican to win, and I will tell you, the people want to see it. They want to see the wall, they want to see security. Now, it just came out that they're 73 percent down. ... That's a tremendous achievement. ... Look at this, in 100 days, that down to the lowest in 17 years and it's going lower. Now, people aren't coming because they know they're not going to get through, and there isn't crime. You know the migration up to the border is horrible for women, you know that? (Unintelligible.) Now, much of that's stopped because they can't get through. AP: It sounds like maybe you're beginning to send a message that if you do get a spending bill that doesn't have border funding in there, you would sign it. TRUMP: Well, first of all, the wall will cost much less than the numbers I'm seeing. I'm seeing numbers, I mean, this wall is not going to be that expensive. AP: What do you think the estimate on it would be? TRUMP: Oh I'm seeing numbers — $24 billion, I think I'll do it for $10 billion or less. That's not a lot of money relative to what we're talking about. If we stop 1 percent of the drugs from coming in — and we'll stop all of it. But if we stop 1 percent of the drugs because we have the wall — they're coming around in certain areas, but if you have a wall, they can't do it because it's a real wall. That's a tremendously good investment, 1 percent. The drugs pouring through on the southern border are unbelievable. We're becoming a drug culture, there's so much. And most of it's coming from the southern border. The wall will stop the drugs. AP: But, just trying to nail you down on it one more time, will you sign a spending bill if it doesn't have — TRUMP: I don't want to comment. I just don't know yet. I mean, I have to see what's going on. I really do. But the wall's a very important thing to — not only my base, but to the people. And even if it wasn't, I mean I'll do things that aren't necessarily popular. ... The wall is very important to stopping drugs. AP: If you don't have a funding stream, your message to your base is what? TRUMP: My base understands the wall is going to get built, whether I have it funded here or if I get it funded shortly thereafter, that wall's getting built, OK? One hundred percent. One hundred percent it's getting built. And it's also getting built for much less money — I hope you get this — than these people are estimating. The opponents are talking $25 billion for the wall. It's not going to cost anywhere near that. AP: You think $10 billion or less. TRUMP: I think $10 billion or less. And if I do a super-duper, higher, better, better security, everything else, maybe it goes a little bit more. But it's not going to be anywhere near (those) kind of numbers. And they're using those numbers; they're using the high numbers to make it sound impalatable (sic). And the fact it's going to cost much less money, just like the airplane I told you about, which I hope you can write about. ___ (Off-the-record discussion.) ___ TRUMP: They had a quote from me that NATO's obsolete. But they didn't say why it was obsolete. I was on Wolf Blitzer, very fair interview, the first time I was ever asked about NATO, because I wasn't in government. People don't go around asking about NATO if I'm building a building in Manhattan, right? So they asked me, Wolf ... asked me about NATO, and I said two things. NATO's obsolete — not knowing much about NATO, now I know a lot about NATO — NATO is obsolete, and I said, "And the reason it's obsolete is because of the fact they don't focus on terrorism." You know, back when they did NATO there was no such thing as terrorism. AP: What specifically has NATO changed? TRUMP: (Cites Wall Street Journal article) ... I did an interview with Wolf Blitzer, and I said NATO was obsolete — I said two things — obsolete, and the country's aren't paying. I was right about both. I took such heat for about three days on both, because nobody ever criticized NATO. I took heat like you wouldn't believe. And then some expert on NATO said, "You know, Trump is right." But I said it was obsolete because they weren't focused on terror. ... It's not fair that we're paying close to 4 percent and other countries that are more directly affected are paying 1 percent when they're supposed to be paying 2 percent. And I'm very strong on it and I'm going to be very strong on it when I go there in a month." __ AP: This morning you tweeted that after the possible terrorist attack in Paris, that it will have a big effect on the upcoming French election. What did you mean by that? TRUMP: Well, I think it will have a big effect on who people are going to vote for in the election. AP: Do you think it's going to help Marine Le Pen? TRUMP: I think so. AP: Do you believe that she should be the president? TRUMP: No, I have no comment on that, but I think that it'll probably help her because she is the strongest on borders and she is the strongest on what's been going on in France. AP: Do you worry at all that by saying that, that a terrorist attack would have an impact on a democratic election, that it would actually embolden terrorists to try to —. TRUMP: No. Look, everybody is making predictions who is going to win. I am no different than you, you could say the same thing. ... AP: I just wonder if you are encouraging, you are the president of the United States, so to say that you worry that it encourages terrorists ... TRUMP: No, I am no different than — no, I think it discourages terrorists, I think it discourages. I think what we've done on the border discourages it. I think that my stance on having people come in to this country that we have no idea who they are and in certain cases you will have radical Islamic terrorism. I'm not going to have it in this country. I'm not going to let what happened to France and other places happen here. And it's already largely, you know — we have tens — we have hundreds of thousands of people that have been allowed into our country that should not be here. They shouldn't be here. We have people allowed into our country with no documentation whatsoever. They have no documentation and they were allowed under the previous administrations, they were allowed into our country. It's a big mistake. AP: Just so that I am clear. You are not endorsing her for the office, but you are — TRUMP: I am not endorsing her and I didn't mention her name. AP: Right, I just wanted to make sure I have that clear. TRUMP: I believe whoever is the toughest on radical Islamic terrorism and whoever is the toughest at the borders will do well at the election. I am not saying that person is going to win, she is not even favored to win, you know. Right now, she is in second place. ___ AP: I have a question on the markets, actually. One thing that I think has been different about this White House is that you do point to the markets as a sign of progress. Do you worry, though — I mean, the markets go up and down. TRUMP: You live by the sword, you die by the sword, to a certain extent. But we create a lot of jobs, 500,000 jobs as of two months ago, and plenty created since. Five hundred thousand. ... As an example, Ford, General Motors. I've had cases where the gentleman from China, Ma, Jack Ma (chairman of Alibaba Group), he comes up, he says, "Only because of you am I making this massive investment." Intel, only because of you. ... The press never writes that. ___ AP: What about NAFTA? What's the plan on NAFTA? TRUMP: What would you like to know? AP: I would like to know what your plan is in terms of renegotiating. TRUMP: I am very upset with NAFTA. I think NAFTA has been a catastrophic trade deal for the United States, trading agreement for the United States. It hurts us with Canada, and it hurts us with Mexico. Most people don't even think of NAFTA in terms of Canada. You saw what happened yesterday in my statements, because if you look at the dairy farmers in Wisconsin and upstate New York, they are getting killed by NAFTA. AP: Is your plan still, though, to renegotiate the whole deal? TRUMP: I am going to either renegotiate it or I am going to terminate it. AP: Termination is still on the table. TRUMP: Absolutely. If they don't treat fairly, I am terminating NAFTA. AP: What's a timeline for that decision? TRUMP: It's a six-month termination clause, I have the right to do it, it's a six-month clause. ___ AP: If I could fit a couple of more topics. Jeff Sessions, your attorney general, is taking a tougher line suddenly on Julian Assange, saying that arresting him is a priority. You were supportive of what WikiLeaks was doing during the campaign with the release of the Clinton emails. Do you think that arresting Assange is a priority for the United States? TRUMP: When Wikileaks came out ... never heard of Wikileaks, never heard of it. When Wikileaks came out, all I was just saying is, "Well, look at all this information here, this is pretty good stuff." You know, they tried to hack the Republican, the RNC, but we had good defenses. They didn't have defenses, which is pretty bad management. But we had good defenses, they tried to hack both of them. They weren't able to get through to Republicans. No, I found it very interesting when I read this stuff and I said, "Wow." It was just a figure of speech. I said, "Well, look at this. It's good reading." AP: But that didn't mean that you supported what Assange is doing? TRUMP: No, I don't support or unsupport. It was just information. They shouldn't have allowed it to get out. If they had the proper defensive devices on their internet, you know, equipment, they wouldn't even allow the FBI. How about this — they get hacked, and the FBI goes to see them, and they won't let the FBI see their server. But do you understand, nobody ever writes it. Why wouldn't (former Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John) Podesta and Hillary Clinton allow the FBI to see the server? They brought in another company that I hear is Ukrainian-based. AP: CrowdStrike? TRUMP: That's what I heard. I heard it's owned by a very rich Ukrainian, that's what I heard. But they brought in another company to investigate the server. Why didn't they allow the FBI in to investigate the server? I mean, there is so many things that nobody writes about. It's incredible. AP: Can I just ask you, though — do you believe it is a priority for the United States, or it should be a priority, to arrest Julian Assange? TRUMP: I am not involved in that decision, but if Jeff Sessions wants to do it, it's OK with me. I didn't know about that decision, but if they want to do it, it's OK with me. ___ AP: On Iran, which is another thing you talked a lot on the campaign — TRUMP: And the other thing that we should go after is the leakers. ... AP: On Iran, you also talked about it quite a bit on the campaign trail. And you said in the press conference yesterday that you think that Iran is violating the spirit of the agreement. When you say that, do you mean in terms of the actual nuclear accord, or do you mean what they are doing in the region? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing all over the Middle East and beyond. AP: So you believe that they are complying with the agreement? TRUMP: No, I don't say that. I say that I believe they have broken the spirit of the agreement. There is a spirit to agreements, and they have broken it. AP: In terms of what they are doing elsewhere in the Middle East? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing of all over. AP: When you talk to European leaders, when you talk to Merkel, for example, or Teresa May, what do they say about the nuclear deal? Do they want you to stay in that deal? TRUMP: I don't talk to them about it. AP: You don't talk to them about the Iran deal? TRUMP: I mention it, but it's very personal when I talk to them, you know, it's confidential. No, they have their own opinions. I don't say that they are different than my opinions, but I'd rather have you ask them that question. AP: At this point, do you believe that you will stay in the nuclear deal? TRUMP: It's possible that we won't. ___ AP: Dreamers, you've talked about them, you've talked about heart earlier. This is one area where you have talked — TRUMP: No, we aren't looking to do anything right now. Look, the dreamers ... this is an interesting case, they left and they came back and he's got some problems, it's a little different than the dreamer case, right? But we are putting MS-13 in jail and getting them the hell out of our country. They've taken over towns and cities and we are being really brutal with MS-13, and that's what we should be. They are a bad group, and somebody said they are as bad as al-Qaida, which is a hell of a reference. So we are moving criminals out of our country and we are getting them out in record numbers and those are the people we are after. We are not after the dreamers, we are after the criminals. AP: And that's going to be the policy of your administration to allow the dreamers to stay? TRUMP: Yes. Yes. That's our policy. I am not saying ... long-term, we are going to have to fix the problem, the whole immigration problem. But I will tell you: Right now we have a great gentleman, one of my real stars is Gen. (John) Kelly, now (Homeland Security) Secretary Kelly. We are down 73 percent at the border, we are cleaning out cities and towns of hard-line criminals, some of the worst people on earth, people that rape and kill women, people that are killing people just for the sake of having fun. They are being thrown in jails and they are being ... all over the country and nobody's ever done it like us, so we are being unbelievably thorough with that. We are out in Long Island cleaning out the MS-13 scum, they are all scum, that's probably the worst gang anywhere on Earth. ... AP: A lot of the dreamers have been hoping to hear something from you. I don't want to give them the wrong message with this. TRUMP: Here is what they can hear: The dreamers should rest easy. OK? I'll give you that. The dreamers should rest easy. ... ___ (An aide talks about the president's address to Congress.) TRUMP: A lot of the people have said that, some people said it was the single best speech ever made in that chamber. AP: You seem like you enjoyed it. TRUMP: I did. I did. I believed in it and I enjoyed it. It was a great feeling to introduce the wife of a great young soldier who died getting us very valuable information. Have you seen the tremendous success? ... That's another thing that nobody talks about. Have you seen the tremendous success we've had in the Middle East with the ISIS (an abbreviation for the Islamic State group)? When (current Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al) Abadi left from Iraq, he said Trump has more success in eight weeks than Obama had in eight years. ... We have had tremendous success, but we don't talk about it. We don't talk about it. AP: Do you mean you don't talk about it personally because you don't want to talk about it? TRUMP: I don't talk about it. No. And the generals don't talk about it. ___ AP: You had put a request into the Pentagon to put forward an ISIS plan within 30 days. I know they have sent that over. Have you accepted a plan? Are you moving forward on a strategy? TRUMP: We have a very strong plan, but we cannot talk about it, Julie. AP: So you have decided on a plan? TRUMP: Remember how many times have you been to the speech where I talked about Mosul. AP: Right. TRUMP. Right. Mosul. Four months we are going in, three months. We are still fighting Mosul. You know why? Because they were prepared. If we would have gone in and just done it, it would have been over three months ago. AP: Can you say generally what the strategy is? Should people — TRUMP: Generally is we have got to get rid of ISIS. We have no choice. And other terrorist organizations. AP: Should Americans who are serving in the military expect that you are going to increase troop numbers in the Middle East to fight ISIS? TRUMP: No, not much. AP: In terms of the strategy, though, that you have accepted, it sounds like, from the generals — TRUMP: Well, they've also accepted my strategy. AP: Does that involve more troops on the ground, it sounds like? TRUMP: Not many. AP: So a small increase? TRUMP: It could be an increase, then an increase. But not many more. I want to do the job, but not many more. ... This is an important story. I've done a lot. I've done more than any other president in the first 100 days and I think the first 100 days is an artificial barrier. And I'm scheduled ... the foundations have been set to do some great things. With foreign countries. Look at, look at President Xi. I mean ... AP: What do you think it was about your chemistry? TRUMP: We had good chemistry. Now I don't know that I think that's going to produce results but you've got a good chance. AP: Uh-huh. TRUMP: Look, he turned down many coal ships. These massive coal ships are coming where they get a lot of their income. They're coming into China and they're being turned away. That's never happened before. The fuel, the oil, so many different things. You saw the editorial they had in their paper saying they cannot be allowed to have nuclear, you know, et cetera. People have said they've never seen this ever before in China. We have the same relationship with others. There's a great foundation that's built. Great foundation. And I think it's going to produce tremendous results for our country. ___ AP: One more 100 days question. TRUMP: That's fine. AP: ... is do you think you have the right team in place for your next 100 days? TRUMP: Yes. I think my team has been, well, I have different teams. I think my military team has been treated with great respect. As they should be. I think my other team hasn't been treated with the respect that they should get. We have some very talented people, and very diverse people. AP: Do you mean your White House team when you say that? TRUMP: Yeah, my White House team. I think Reince (Priebus) has been doing an excellent job. I think that, you know, this is a very tough environment not caused necessarily by me. Although the election has, you know, look, the Democrats had a tremendous opportunity because the electoral college, as I said, is so skewed to them. You start off by losing in New York and California, no matter who it is. If, if Abe Lincoln came back to life, he would lose New York and he would lose California. It's just the registration, there's nothing you can do. So you're losing the two biggest states, that's where you start. OK. The Electoral College is so skewed in favor of a Democrat that it's very, very hard. Look at Obama's number in the Electoral College. His numbers on the win were ... but the Electoral College numbers were massive. You lose New York, you lose Illinois. Illinois is impossible to win. And you look at, so now you lose New York, Illinois, no matter what you do, and California. Right. And you say, man. Now you have to win Florida, you have to win Ohio, you have to win North Carolina. You have to win all these states, and then I won Wisconsin and Michigan and all of these other places, but you remember there was no way to, there was no way to 270. AP: Right. TRUMP: So she had this massive advantage, she spent hundreds of millions of dollars more money than I spent. Hundreds of millions ... Yeah. Or more, actually because we were $375 she was at $2.2 billion. But whatever. She spent massive amounts of money more and she lost. Solidly lost, because you know it wasn't 270, it was 306. So there's anger. But there was massive anger before I got there, so it's not easy for a White House staff to realize that you are going into a situation where you are going to be at no, where are going to get no votes. I mean, here's a judge who is No. 1 at Columbia, No. 1 at Harvard and an Oxford scholar. And he got three votes. AP: Three Democratic votes, but yeah. TRUMP: Three Democratic votes. OK. He's an Oxford scholar at the highest level. The No. 1, you know, one of the great academics, one of the great writers. No bad decisions with all ... nothing. He's like a ... AP: Do you think that you can break through that? I mean this — TRUMP: Yeah, I do. AP: Is one of the biggest challenges for a president. TRUMP: I think (I) can to an extent. But there's a, there's a basic hard-line core that you can't break though, OK, that you can't break through. There's a hard-line group you can't break through, you can't. It's sad. You can't. Look, I met with Congressman Cummings and I really liked him, a lot. Elijah Cummings (of Maryland). I really liked him a lot. And during the conversation because we have a very strong mutual feeling on drug prices. He came to see me, at my invitation, because I saw him talking about, he came to see me about drug prices because drug prices are ridiculous. And I am going to get them way, way, way down and he liked that. He said you will be the greatest president. He said you will be, in front of five, six people, he said you will be the greatest president in the history of this country. AP: He disputed that slightly. TRUMP: That's what he said. I mean, what can I tell you? AP: Yeah. TRUMP: There's six people sitting here. What did he, what, what do you mean by slightly? AP: He said, he said that he felt like you could be a great president if and then — TRUMP: Well he said, you'll be the greatest president in the history of, but you know what, I'll take that also, but that you could be. But he said, will be the greatest president but I would also accept the other. In other words, if you do your job, but I accept that. Then I watched him interviewed and it was like he never even was here. It's incredible. I watched him interviewed a week later and it's like he was never in my office. And you can even say that. ___ AP: And that's one of the difficulties I think presidents have had is that you can have these personal relationships with people from the other party, but then it's hard to actually change how people vote or change how people — TRUMP: No I have, it's interesting, I have, seem to get very high ratings. I definitely. You know Chris Wallace had 9.2 million people, it's the highest in the history of the show. I have all the ratings for all those morning shows. When I go, they go double, triple. Chris Wallace, look back during the Army-Navy football game, I did his show that morning. AP: I remember, right. TRUMP: It had 9.2 million people. It's the highest they've ever had. On any, on air, (CBS "Face the Nation" host John) Dickerson had 5.2 million people. It's the highest for "Face the Nation" or as I call it, "Deface the Nation." It's the highest for "Deface the Nation" since the World Trade Center. Since the World Trade Center came down. It's a tremendous advantage. I have learned one thing, because I get treated very unfairly, that's what I call it, the fake media. And the fake media is not all of the media. You know they tried to say that the fake media was all the, no. The fake media is some of you. I could tell you who it is, 100 percent. Sometimes you're fake, but — but the fake media is some of the media. It bears no relationship to the truth. It's not that Fox treats me well, it's that Fox is the most accurate. AP: Do you believe that? That Fox — TRUMP: I do. I get treated so badly. Yesterday, about the thing, you know when I said it's a terrorism ... it may be. I said it may be a terrorist attack and MSNBC, I heard, went crazy, "He called it a terrorist attack." They thought it was a bank robbery. By the way, I'm 10-0 for that. I've called every one of them. Every time they said I called it way too early and then it turns out I'm ... Whatever. Whatever. In the meantime, I'm here and they're not. ___ AP: Do you feel that one of the things with cable is there's such real-time reaction with everything you say? TRUMP: Yeah. AP: Can you separate that sometimes from that actual decision? TRUMP: The one thing — AP: That you have to do — TRUMP: OK. The one thing I've learned to do that I never thought I had the ability to do. I don't watch CNN anymore. AP: You just said you did. TRUMP: No. No, I, if I'm passing it, what did I just say (inaudible)? AP: You just said — TRUMP: Where? Where? AP: Two minutes ago. TRUMP: No, they treat me so badly. No, I just said that. No, I, what'd I say, I stopped watching them. But I don't watch CNN anymore. I don't watch MSNBC. I don't watch it. Now I heard yesterday that MSNBC, you know, they tell me what's going on. AP: Right. TRUMP: In fact, they also did. I never thought I had the ability to not watch. Like, people think I watch (MSNBC's) "Morning Joe." I don't watch "Morning Joe." I never thought I had the ability to, and who used to treat me great by the way, when I played the game. I never thought I had the ability to not watch what is unpleasant, if it's about me. Or pleasant. But when I see it's such false reporting and such bad reporting and false reporting that I've developed an ability that I never thought I had. I don't watch things that are unpleasant. I just don't watch them. AP: And do you feel like that's, that's because of the office that you now occupy — TRUMP: No. AP: That you've made that change? TRUMP: I don't know why it is, but I've developed that ability, and it's happened over the last, over the last year. AP: That's interesting. TRUMP: And I don't watch things that I know are going to be unpleasant. CNN has covered me unfairly and incorrectly and I don't watch them anymore. A lot of people don't watch them anymore, they're now in third place. But I've created something where people are watching ... but I don't watch CNN anymore. I don't watch MSNBC anymore. I don't watch things, and I never thought I had that ability. I always thought I'd watch. AP: Sure. TRUMP: I just don't. And that's taken place over the last year. And you know what that is, that's a great, it's a great thing because you leave, you leave for work in the morning you know, you're, you don't watch this total negativity. I never thought I'd be able to do that and for me, it's so easy to do now. Just don't watch. AP: That's interesting. TRUMP: Maybe it's because I'm here. I don't know. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 7 hours ago Miami Worldcenter's 'Jam Room' 0:31 7 hours ago Miami Worldcenter's 'Jam Room' 1:42 2 days ago ‘Moonlight’ makers celebrate in Miami 0:42 3 days ago PNC Economist talks Florida Jobs Report View More Video Business Toy given to police officer as safety talisman gets to Ohio Last words haunt surviving teen's sentencing in fatal fire Ohio House GOP set to unveil its tax, spending priorities Best-selling Maine author releases horror movie Honda to invest $124M for wind tunnel at center in Ohio Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Alert 64° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu Alert 64° Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us National April 24, 2017 3:32 AM Transcript of AP interview with Trump The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A transcript of an Oval Office interview Friday with President Donald Trump by AP White House Correspondent Julie Pace. Where the audio recording of the interview is unclear, ellipses or a notation that the recording was unintelligible are used. AP: I do want to talk to you about the 100 days. TRUMP: Good. AP: I want to ask a few questions on some topics that are happening toward the end of the interview. TRUMP: Did you see Aya (Hijazi, an Egyptian-American charity worker who had been detained in the country for nearly three years) ... AP: Can you tell me a little bit about how that came about? TRUMP: No, just — you know, I asked the government to let her out. ... TRUMP: You know Obama worked on it for three years, got zippo, zero. AP: How did you hear about this story? TRUMP: Many people, human rights people, are talking about it. It's an incredible thing, especially when you meet her. You realize — I mean, she was in a rough place. AP: Did you have to strike a deal with (Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah) el-Sissi over this? TRUMP: No. No deal. He was here. He — I said, "I really would appreciate it if you would look into this and let her out." And as you know, she went through a trial. And anyway, she was let go. And not only she, it was a total of eight people. ... ___ TRUMP: Yeah, it's funny: One of the best chemistries I had was with (German Chancellor Angela) Merkel. (Crosstalk) AP: Really? TRUMP: Chancellor Merkel. TRUMP: And I guess somebody shouted out, "Shake her hand, shake her hand," you know. But I never heard it. But I had already shaken her hand four times. You know, because we were together for a long time. AP: Did you expect you would have good chemistry with her? TRUMP: No. Because, um, I'm at odds on, you know, the NATO payments and I'm at odds on immigration. We had unbelievable chemistry. And people have given me credit for having great chemistry with all of the leaders, including el-Sissi. ... TRUMP: So it was a great thing to see that happen. ___ AP: Do you feel like you have changed the office of the presidency, how the presidency can be used to effect change? TRUMP: I think the 100 days is, you know, it's an artificial barrier. It's not very meaningful. I think I've established amazing relationships that will be used the four or eight years, whatever period of time I'm here. I think for that I would be getting very high marks because I've established great relationships with countries, as President el-Sissi has shown and others have shown. Well, if you look at the president of China, people said they've never seen anything like what's going on right now. I really liked him a lot. I think he liked me. We have a great chemistry together. ... TRUMP: I've developed great relationships with all of these leaders. Nobody's written that. In fact, they said, "Oh, well, he's not treating them nicely," because on NATO, I want them to pay up. But I still get along with them great, and they will pay up. In fact, with the Italian prime minister yesterday, you saw, we were joking, "Come on, you have to pay up, you have to pay up." He'll pay. AP: Did he say that? In your meeting? Your private meeting? TRUMP: He's going to end up paying. But you know, nobody ever asked the question. Nobody asked. Nobody ever asked him to pay up. So it's a different kind of a presidency. AP: Do you feel like that's one thing that you've changed, that you maybe are actually asking the direct questions about some of these things? TRUMP: Yeah. Let me give me an example. A little before I took office there was a terrible article about the F-35 fighter jet. It was hundreds of billions of dollars over budget. It was seven years behind schedule. It was a disaster. So I called in Lockheed and I said, "I'm sorry, we're going to have to bid this out to another company, namely Boeing," or whoever else. But Boeing. And I called in Boeing and I started getting competing offers back and forth. ... TRUMP: I saved $725 million on the 90 planes. Just 90. Now there are 3,000 planes that are going to be ordered. On 90 planes I saved $725 million. It's actually a little bit more than that, but it's $725 million. Gen. Mattis, who had to sign the deal when it came to his office, said, "I've never seen anything like this in my life." We went from a company that wanted more money for the planes to a company that cut. And the reason they cut — same planes, same everything — was because of me. I mean, because that's what I do. TRUMP: Now if you multiply that times 3,000 planes, you know this is on 90 planes. In fact, when the Prime Minister (Shinzo) Abe of Japan came in because they bought a certain number of those ... The first thing he said to me, because it was right at the time I did it, he said, "Could I thank you?" I said, "What?" He said, "You saved us $100 million." Because they got a $100 million savings on the 10 or 12 planes that they (bought). Nobody wrote that story. Now you know that's a saving of billions and billions of dollars, many billions of dollars over the course of — it's between 2,500 and 3,000 planes will be the final order. But this was only 90 of those 2,500 planes. AP: And you expect those savings to carry out across that full order? TRUMP: More. I'm gonna get more than that. This was a thing that was out of control and now it's great. And the woman that runs Lockheed, Marillyn (Hewson), she was great. But all of a sudden it was a different kind of a thing. You know? ___ AP: Do you feel like you've been able to apply that kind of a relationship to your dealings with Congress as well? TRUMP: I have great relationships with Congress. I think we're doing very well and I think we have a great foundation for future things. We're going to be applying, I shouldn't tell you this, but we're going to be announcing, probably on Wednesday, tax reform. And it's — we've worked on it long and hard. And you've got to understand, I've only been here now 93 days, 92 days. President Obama took 17 months to do Obamacare. I've been here 92 days but I've only been working on the health care, you know I had to get like a little bit of grounding right? Health care started after 30 day(s), so I've been working on health care for 60 days. ...You know, we're very close. And it's a great plan, you know, we have to get it approved. AP: Is it this deal that's between the Tuesday Group and the Freedom Caucus, is that the deal you're looking at? TRUMP: So the Republican Party has various groups, all great people. They're great people. But some are moderate, some are very conservative. The Democrats don't seem to have that nearly as much. You know the Democrats have, they don't have that. The Republicans do have that. And I think it's fine. But you know there's a pretty vast area in there. And I have a great relationship with all of them. Now, we have government not closing. I think we'll be in great shape on that. It's going very well. Obviously, that takes precedent. AP: That takes precedent over health care? For next week? TRUMP: Yeah, sure. Next week. Because the hundred days is just an artificial barrier. The press keeps talking about the hundred days. But we've done a lot. You have a list of things. I don't have to read it. ___ AP: You did put out though, as a candidate, you put out a 100-day plan. Do you feel like you should be held accountable to that plan? TRUMP: Somebody, yeah, somebody put out the concept of a hundred-day plan. But yeah. Well, I'm mostly there on most items. Go over the items, and I'll talk to you ... (Crosstalk.) TRUMP: But things change. There has to be flexibility. Let me give you an example. President Xi, we have a, like, a really great relationship. For me to call him a currency manipulator and then say, "By the way, I'd like you to solve the North Korean problem," doesn't work. So you have to have a certain flexibility, Number One. Number Two, from the time I took office till now, you know, it's a very exact thing. It's not like generalities. Do you want a Coke or anything? AP: I'm OK, thank you. No. ... TRUMP: But President Xi, from the time I took office, he has not, they have not been currency manipulators. Because there's a certain respect because he knew I would do something or whatever. But more importantly than him not being a currency manipulator the bigger picture, bigger than even currency manipulation, if he's helping us with North Korea, with nuclear and all of the things that go along with it, who would call, what am I going to do, say, "By the way, would you help us with North Korea? And also, you're a currency manipulator." It doesn't work that way. AP: Right. TRUMP: And the media, some of them get it, in all fairness. But you know some of them either don't get it, in which case they're very stupid people, or they just don't want to say it. You know because of a couple of them said, "He didn't call them a currency manipulator." Well, for two reasons. Number One, he's not, since my time. You know, very specific formula. You would think it's like generalities, it's not. They have — they've actually — their currency's gone up. So it's a very, very specific formula. And I said, "How badly have they been," ... they said, "Since you got to office they have not manipulated their currency." That's Number One, but much more important, they are working with us on North Korea. Now maybe that'll work out or maybe it won't. Can you imagine? ... AP: So in terms of the 100-day plan that you did put out during the campaign, do you feel, though, that people should hold you accountable to this in terms of judging success? TRUMP: No, because much of the foundation's been laid. Things came up. I'll give you an example. I didn't put Supreme Court judge on the 100 (day) plan, and I got a Supreme Court judge. AP: I think it's on there. TRUMP: I don't know. ... AP: "Begin the process of selecting." You actually exceeded on this one. This says, "Begin the process of selecting a replacement." TRUMP: That's the biggest thing I've done. AP: Do you consider that your biggest success? TRUMP: Well, I — first of all I think he's a great man. I think he will be a great, great justice of the Supreme Court. I have always heard that the selection and the affirmation of a Supreme Court judge is the biggest thing a president can do. Don't forget, he could be there for 40 years. ... He's a young man. I've always heard that that's the biggest thing. Now, I would say that defense is the biggest thing. You know, to be honest, there are a number of things. But I've always heard that the highest calling is the nomination of a Supreme Court justice. I've done one in my first 70 days. TRUMP: Our military is so proud. They were not proud at all. They had their heads down. Now they have their heads up. ... TRUMP: I'm rebuilding the military. We have great people. We have great things in place. We have tremendous borders. I mention the F-35 because if I can save $725 million — look at that, that's a massive amount of money. And I'll save more as we make more planes. If I can save that on a small number of planes — Gen. (Jim) Mattis (the defense secretary) said, "I've never seen anything like this," because he had to sign the ultimate (unintelligible) ... He had to sign the ultimate, you know. He said, "I've never seen anything like this before, as long as I've been in the military." You know, that kind of cutting. AP: Right. TRUMP: Now, if I can do that (unintelligible) ... As an example, the aircraft carriers, billions of dollars, the Gerald Ford, billions and billions over budget. That won't happen. AP: Is that something you're going to take on? TRUMP: (unintelligible) But as we order the other ones, because they want to order 12, the other ones are going to come in much less expensive. ... ___ AP: Can I ask you, over your first 100 days — you're not quite there yet — how do you feel like the office has changed you? TRUMP: Well the one thing I would say — and I say this to people — I never realized how big it was. Everything's so (unintelligible) like, you know the orders are so massive. I was talking to — AP: You mean the responsibility of it, or do you mean — TRUMP: Number One, there's great responsibility. When it came time to, as an example, send out the 59 missiles, the Tomahawks in Syria. I'm saying to myself, "You know, this is more than just like, 79 (sic) missiles. This is death that's involved," because people could have been killed. This is risk that's involved, because if the missile goes off and goes in a city or goes in a civilian area — you know, the boats were hundreds of miles away — and if this missile goes off and lands in the middle of a town or a hamlet .... every decision is much harder than you'd normally make. (unintelligible) ... This is involving death and life and so many things. ... So it's far more responsibility. (unintelligible) ....The financial cost of everything is so massive, every agency. This is thousands of times bigger, the United States, than the biggest company in the world. The second-largest company in the world is the Defense Department. The third-largest company in the world is Social Security. The fourth-largest — you know, you go down the list. AP: Right. TRUMP. It's massive. And every agency is, like, bigger than any company. So you know, I really just see the bigness of it all, but also the responsibility. And the human responsibility. You know, the human life that's involved in some of the decisions. ___ AP: You've talked a little bit about the way that you've brought some business skills into the office. Is there anything from your business background that just doesn't translate into the presidency, that just simply is not applicable to this job? TRUMP: Well in business, you don't necessarily need heart, whereas here, almost everything affects people. So if you're talking about health care — you have health care in business but you're trying to just negotiate a good price on health care, et cetera, et cetera. You're providing health. This is (unintelligible). Here, everything, pretty much everything you do in government, involves heart, whereas in business, most things don't involve heart. AP: What's that switch been like for you? TRUMP: In fact, in business you're actually better off without it. AP: What's making that switch been like for you? TRUMP: You have to love people. And if you love people, such a big responsibility. (unintelligible) You can take any single thing, including even taxes. I mean we're going to be doing major tax reform. Here's part of your story, it's going to be a big (unintelligible). Everybody's saying, "Oh, he's delaying." I'm not delaying anything. I'll tell you the other thing is (unintelligible). I used to get great press. I get the worst press. I get such dishonest reporting with the media. That's another thing that really has — I've never had anything like it before. It happened during the primaries, and I said, you know, when I won, I said, "Well the one thing good is now I'll get good press." And it got worse. (unintelligible) So that was one thing that a little bit of a surprise to me. I thought the press would become better, and it actually, in my opinion, got more nasty. ___ AP: But in terms of tax reform, how are you going to roll that out next week? TRUMP: Well I'm going to roll (out) probably on Wednesday, around Wednesday of next week, we're putting out a massive tax reform — business and for people — we want to do both. We've been working on it (unintelligible). Secretary Mnuchin is a very talented person, very smart. Very successful (unintelligible). ... We're going to be putting that out on Wednesday or shortly thereafter. Let me leave a little room just in case (unintelligible). ... And that's a big story, because a lot of people think I'm going to put it out much later. AP: Do you have any details on that in terms of rates? TRUMP: Only in terms that it will be a massive tax cut. It will be bigger, I believe, than any tax cut ever. Maybe the biggest tax cut we've ever had. ... ___ AP: Obviously, that's going to come in a week where you're going to be running up against the deadline for keeping the government open. If you get a bill on your desk that does not include funding for the wall, will you sign it? TRUMP: I don't know yet. People want the border wall. My base definitely wants the border wall, my base really wants it — you've been to many of the rallies. OK, the thing they want more than anything is the wall. My base, which is a big base; I think my base is 45 percent. You know, it's funny. The Democrats, they have a big advantage in the electoral college. Big, big, big advantage. I've always said the popular vote would be a lot easier than the electoral college. The electoral college — but it's a whole different campaign (unintelligible). The electoral college is very difficult for a Republican to win, and I will tell you, the people want to see it. They want to see the wall, they want to see security. Now, it just came out that they're 73 percent down. ... That's a tremendous achievement. ... Look at this, in 100 days, that down to the lowest in 17 years and it's going lower. Now, people aren't coming because they know they're not going to get through, and there isn't crime. You know the migration up to the border is horrible for women, you know that? (Unintelligible.) Now, much of that's stopped because they can't get through. AP: It sounds like maybe you're beginning to send a message that if you do get a spending bill that doesn't have border funding in there, you would sign it. TRUMP: Well, first of all, the wall will cost much less than the numbers I'm seeing. I'm seeing numbers, I mean, this wall is not going to be that expensive. AP: What do you think the estimate on it would be? TRUMP: Oh I'm seeing numbers — $24 billion, I think I'll do it for $10 billion or less. That's not a lot of money relative to what we're talking about. If we stop 1 percent of the drugs from coming in — and we'll stop all of it. But if we stop 1 percent of the drugs because we have the wall — they're coming around in certain areas, but if you have a wall, they can't do it because it's a real wall. That's a tremendously good investment, 1 percent. The drugs pouring through on the southern border are unbelievable. We're becoming a drug culture, there's so much. And most of it's coming from the southern border. The wall will stop the drugs. AP: But, just trying to nail you down on it one more time, will you sign a spending bill if it doesn't have — TRUMP: I don't want to comment. I just don't know yet. I mean, I have to see what's going on. I really do. But the wall's a very important thing to — not only my base, but to the people. And even if it wasn't, I mean I'll do things that aren't necessarily popular. ... The wall is very important to stopping drugs. AP: If you don't have a funding stream, your message to your base is what? TRUMP: My base understands the wall is going to get built, whether I have it funded here or if I get it funded shortly thereafter, that wall's getting built, OK? One hundred percent. One hundred percent it's getting built. And it's also getting built for much less money — I hope you get this — than these people are estimating. The opponents are talking $25 billion for the wall. It's not going to cost anywhere near that. AP: You think $10 billion or less. TRUMP: I think $10 billion or less. And if I do a super-duper, higher, better, better security, everything else, maybe it goes a little bit more. But it's not going to be anywhere near (those) kind of numbers. And they're using those numbers; they're using the high numbers to make it sound impalatable (sic). And the fact it's going to cost much less money, just like the airplane I told you about, which I hope you can write about. ___ (Off-the-record discussion.) ___ TRUMP: They had a quote from me that NATO's obsolete. But they didn't say why it was obsolete. I was on Wolf Blitzer, very fair interview, the first time I was ever asked about NATO, because I wasn't in government. People don't go around asking about NATO if I'm building a building in Manhattan, right? So they asked me, Wolf ... asked me about NATO, and I said two things. NATO's obsolete — not knowing much about NATO, now I know a lot about NATO — NATO is obsolete, and I said, "And the reason it's obsolete is because of the fact they don't focus on terrorism." You know, back when they did NATO there was no such thing as terrorism. AP: What specifically has NATO changed? TRUMP: (Cites Wall Street Journal article) ... I did an interview with Wolf Blitzer, and I said NATO was obsolete — I said two things — obsolete, and the country's aren't paying. I was right about both. I took such heat for about three days on both, because nobody ever criticized NATO. I took heat like you wouldn't believe. And then some expert on NATO said, "You know, Trump is right." But I said it was obsolete because they weren't focused on terror. ... It's not fair that we're paying close to 4 percent and other countries that are more directly affected are paying 1 percent when they're supposed to be paying 2 percent. And I'm very strong on it and I'm going to be very strong on it when I go there in a month." __ AP: This morning you tweeted that after the possible terrorist attack in Paris, that it will have a big effect on the upcoming French election. What did you mean by that? TRUMP: Well, I think it will have a big effect on who people are going to vote for in the election. AP: Do you think it's going to help Marine Le Pen? TRUMP: I think so. AP: Do you believe that she should be the president? TRUMP: No, I have no comment on that, but I think that it'll probably help her because she is the strongest on borders and she is the strongest on what's been going on in France. AP: Do you worry at all that by saying that, that a terrorist attack would have an impact on a democratic election, that it would actually embolden terrorists to try to —. TRUMP: No. Look, everybody is making predictions who is going to win. I am no different than you, you could say the same thing. ... AP: I just wonder if you are encouraging, you are the president of the United States, so to say that you worry that it encourages terrorists ... TRUMP: No, I am no different than — no, I think it discourages terrorists, I think it discourages. I think what we've done on the border discourages it. I think that my stance on having people come in to this country that we have no idea who they are and in certain cases you will have radical Islamic terrorism. I'm not going to have it in this country. I'm not going to let what happened to France and other places happen here. And it's already largely, you know — we have tens — we have hundreds of thousands of people that have been allowed into our country that should not be here. They shouldn't be here. We have people allowed into our country with no documentation whatsoever. They have no documentation and they were allowed under the previous administrations, they were allowed into our country. It's a big mistake. AP: Just so that I am clear. You are not endorsing her for the office, but you are — TRUMP: I am not endorsing her and I didn't mention her name. AP: Right, I just wanted to make sure I have that clear. TRUMP: I believe whoever is the toughest on radical Islamic terrorism and whoever is the toughest at the borders will do well at the election. I am not saying that person is going to win, she is not even favored to win, you know. Right now, she is in second place. ___ AP: I have a question on the markets, actually. One thing that I think has been different about this White House is that you do point to the markets as a sign of progress. Do you worry, though — I mean, the markets go up and down. TRUMP: You live by the sword, you die by the sword, to a certain extent. But we create a lot of jobs, 500,000 jobs as of two months ago, and plenty created since. Five hundred thousand. ... As an example, Ford, General Motors. I've had cases where the gentleman from China, Ma, Jack Ma (chairman of Alibaba Group), he comes up, he says, "Only because of you am I making this massive investment." Intel, only because of you. ... The press never writes that. ___ AP: What about NAFTA? What's the plan on NAFTA? TRUMP: What would you like to know? AP: I would like to know what your plan is in terms of renegotiating. TRUMP: I am very upset with NAFTA. I think NAFTA has been a catastrophic trade deal for the United States, trading agreement for the United States. It hurts us with Canada, and it hurts us with Mexico. Most people don't even think of NAFTA in terms of Canada. You saw what happened yesterday in my statements, because if you look at the dairy farmers in Wisconsin and upstate New York, they are getting killed by NAFTA. AP: Is your plan still, though, to renegotiate the whole deal? TRUMP: I am going to either renegotiate it or I am going to terminate it. AP: Termination is still on the table. TRUMP: Absolutely. If they don't treat fairly, I am terminating NAFTA. AP: What's a timeline for that decision? TRUMP: It's a six-month termination clause, I have the right to do it, it's a six-month clause. ___ AP: If I could fit a couple of more topics. Jeff Sessions, your attorney general, is taking a tougher line suddenly on Julian Assange, saying that arresting him is a priority. You were supportive of what WikiLeaks was doing during the campaign with the release of the Clinton emails. Do you think that arresting Assange is a priority for the United States? TRUMP: When Wikileaks came out ... never heard of Wikileaks, never heard of it. When Wikileaks came out, all I was just saying is, "Well, look at all this information here, this is pretty good stuff." You know, they tried to hack the Republican, the RNC, but we had good defenses. They didn't have defenses, which is pretty bad management. But we had good defenses, they tried to hack both of them. They weren't able to get through to Republicans. No, I found it very interesting when I read this stuff and I said, "Wow." It was just a figure of speech. I said, "Well, look at this. It's good reading." AP: But that didn't mean that you supported what Assange is doing? TRUMP: No, I don't support or unsupport. It was just information. They shouldn't have allowed it to get out. If they had the proper defensive devices on their internet, you know, equipment, they wouldn't even allow the FBI. How about this — they get hacked, and the FBI goes to see them, and they won't let the FBI see their server. But do you understand, nobody ever writes it. Why wouldn't (former Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John) Podesta and Hillary Clinton allow the FBI to see the server? They brought in another company that I hear is Ukrainian-based. AP: CrowdStrike? TRUMP: That's what I heard. I heard it's owned by a very rich Ukrainian, that's what I heard. But they brought in another company to investigate the server. Why didn't they allow the FBI in to investigate the server? I mean, there is so many things that nobody writes about. It's incredible. AP: Can I just ask you, though — do you believe it is a priority for the United States, or it should be a priority, to arrest Julian Assange? TRUMP: I am not involved in that decision, but if Jeff Sessions wants to do it, it's OK with me. I didn't know about that decision, but if they want to do it, it's OK with me. ___ AP: On Iran, which is another thing you talked a lot on the campaign — TRUMP: And the other thing that we should go after is the leakers. ... AP: On Iran, you also talked about it quite a bit on the campaign trail. And you said in the press conference yesterday that you think that Iran is violating the spirit of the agreement. When you say that, do you mean in terms of the actual nuclear accord, or do you mean what they are doing in the region? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing all over the Middle East and beyond. AP: So you believe that they are complying with the agreement? TRUMP: No, I don't say that. I say that I believe they have broken the spirit of the agreement. There is a spirit to agreements, and they have broken it. AP: In terms of what they are doing elsewhere in the Middle East? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing of all over. AP: When you talk to European leaders, when you talk to Merkel, for example, or Teresa May, what do they say about the nuclear deal? Do they want you to stay in that deal? TRUMP: I don't talk to them about it. AP: You don't talk to them about the Iran deal? TRUMP: I mention it, but it's very personal when I talk to them, you know, it's confidential. No, they have their own opinions. I don't say that they are different than my opinions, but I'd rather have you ask them that question. AP: At this point, do you believe that you will stay in the nuclear deal? TRUMP: It's possible that we won't. ___ AP: Dreamers, you've talked about them, you've talked about heart earlier. This is one area where you have talked — TRUMP: No, we aren't looking to do anything right now. Look, the dreamers ... this is an interesting case, they left and they came back and he's got some problems, it's a little different than the dreamer case, right? But we are putting MS-13 in jail and getting them the hell out of our country. They've taken over towns and cities and we are being really brutal with MS-13, and that's what we should be. They are a bad group, and somebody said they are as bad as al-Qaida, which is a hell of a reference. So we are moving criminals out of our country and we are getting them out in record numbers and those are the people we are after. We are not after the dreamers, we are after the criminals. AP: And that's going to be the policy of your administration to allow the dreamers to stay? TRUMP: Yes. Yes. That's our policy. I am not saying ... long-term, we are going to have to fix the problem, the whole immigration problem. But I will tell you: Right now we have a great gentleman, one of my real stars is Gen. (John) Kelly, now (Homeland Security) Secretary Kelly. We are down 73 percent at the border, we are cleaning out cities and towns of hard-line criminals, some of the worst people on earth, people that rape and kill women, people that are killing people just for the sake of having fun. They are being thrown in jails and they are being ... all over the country and nobody's ever done it like us, so we are being unbelievably thorough with that. We are out in Long Island cleaning out the MS-13 scum, they are all scum, that's probably the worst gang anywhere on Earth. ... AP: A lot of the dreamers have been hoping to hear something from you. I don't want to give them the wrong message with this. TRUMP: Here is what they can hear: The dreamers should rest easy. OK? I'll give you that. The dreamers should rest easy. ... ___ (An aide talks about the president's address to Congress.) TRUMP: A lot of the people have said that, some people said it was the single best speech ever made in that chamber. AP: You seem like you enjoyed it. TRUMP: I did. I did. I believed in it and I enjoyed it. It was a great feeling to introduce the wife of a great young soldier who died getting us very valuable information. Have you seen the tremendous success? ... That's another thing that nobody talks about. Have you seen the tremendous success we've had in the Middle East with the ISIS (an abbreviation for the Islamic State group)? When (current Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al) Abadi left from Iraq, he said Trump has more success in eight weeks than Obama had in eight years. ... We have had tremendous success, but we don't talk about it. We don't talk about it. AP: Do you mean you don't talk about it personally because you don't want to talk about it? TRUMP: I don't talk about it. No. And the generals don't talk about it. ___ AP: You had put a request into the Pentagon to put forward an ISIS plan within 30 days. I know they have sent that over. Have you accepted a plan? Are you moving forward on a strategy? TRUMP: We have a very strong plan, but we cannot talk about it, Julie. AP: So you have decided on a plan? TRUMP: Remember how many times have you been to the speech where I talked about Mosul. AP: Right. TRUMP. Right. Mosul. Four months we are going in, three months. We are still fighting Mosul. You know why? Because they were prepared. If we would have gone in and just done it, it would have been over three months ago. AP: Can you say generally what the strategy is? Should people — TRUMP: Generally is we have got to get rid of ISIS. We have no choice. And other terrorist organizations. AP: Should Americans who are serving in the military expect that you are going to increase troop numbers in the Middle East to fight ISIS? TRUMP: No, not much. AP: In terms of the strategy, though, that you have accepted, it sounds like, from the generals — TRUMP: Well, they've also accepted my strategy. AP: Does that involve more troops on the ground, it sounds like? TRUMP: Not many. AP: So a small increase? TRUMP: It could be an increase, then an increase. But not many more. I want to do the job, but not many more. ... This is an important story. I've done a lot. I've done more than any other president in the first 100 days and I think the first 100 days is an artificial barrier. And I'm scheduled ... the foundations have been set to do some great things. With foreign countries. Look at, look at President Xi. I mean ... AP: What do you think it was about your chemistry? TRUMP: We had good chemistry. Now I don't know that I think that's going to produce results but you've got a good chance. AP: Uh-huh. TRUMP: Look, he turned down many coal ships. These massive coal ships are coming where they get a lot of their income. They're coming into China and they're being turned away. That's never happened before. The fuel, the oil, so many different things. You saw the editorial they had in their paper saying they cannot be allowed to have nuclear, you know, et cetera. People have said they've never seen this ever before in China. We have the same relationship with others. There's a great foundation that's built. Great foundation. And I think it's going to produce tremendous results for our country. ___ AP: One more 100 days question. TRUMP: That's fine. AP: ... is do you think you have the right team in place for your next 100 days? TRUMP: Yes. I think my team has been, well, I have different teams. I think my military team has been treated with great respect. As they should be. I think my other team hasn't been treated with the respect that they should get. We have some very talented people, and very diverse people. AP: Do you mean your White House team when you say that? TRUMP: Yeah, my White House team. I think Reince (Priebus) has been doing an excellent job. I think that, you know, this is a very tough environment not caused necessarily by me. Although the election has, you know, look, the Democrats had a tremendous opportunity because the electoral college, as I said, is so skewed to them. You start off by losing in New York and California, no matter who it is. If, if Abe Lincoln came back to life, he would lose New York and he would lose California. It's just the registration, there's nothing you can do. So you're losing the two biggest states, that's where you start. OK. The Electoral College is so skewed in favor of a Democrat that it's very, very hard. Look at Obama's number in the Electoral College. His numbers on the win were ... but the Electoral College numbers were massive. You lose New York, you lose Illinois. Illinois is impossible to win. And you look at, so now you lose New York, Illinois, no matter what you do, and California. Right. And you say, man. Now you have to win Florida, you have to win Ohio, you have to win North Carolina. You have to win all these states, and then I won Wisconsin and Michigan and all of these other places, but you remember there was no way to, there was no way to 270. AP: Right. TRUMP: So she had this massive advantage, she spent hundreds of millions of dollars more money than I spent. Hundreds of millions ... Yeah. Or more, actually because we were $375 she was at $2.2 billion. But whatever. She spent massive amounts of money more and she lost. Solidly lost, because you know it wasn't 270, it was 306. So there's anger. But there was massive anger before I got there, so it's not easy for a White House staff to realize that you are going into a situation where you are going to be at no, where are going to get no votes. I mean, here's a judge who is No. 1 at Columbia, No. 1 at Harvard and an Oxford scholar. And he got three votes. AP: Three Democratic votes, but yeah. TRUMP: Three Democratic votes. OK. He's an Oxford scholar at the highest level. The No. 1, you know, one of the great academics, one of the great writers. No bad decisions with all ... nothing. He's like a ... AP: Do you think that you can break through that? I mean this — TRUMP: Yeah, I do. AP: Is one of the biggest challenges for a president. TRUMP: I think (I) can to an extent. But there's a, there's a basic hard-line core that you can't break though, OK, that you can't break through. There's a hard-line group you can't break through, you can't. It's sad. You can't. Look, I met with Congressman Cummings and I really liked him, a lot. Elijah Cummings (of Maryland). I really liked him a lot. And during the conversation because we have a very strong mutual feeling on drug prices. He came to see me, at my invitation, because I saw him talking about, he came to see me about drug prices because drug prices are ridiculous. And I am going to get them way, way, way down and he liked that. He said you will be the greatest president. He said you will be, in front of five, six people, he said you will be the greatest president in the history of this country. AP: He disputed that slightly. TRUMP: That's what he said. I mean, what can I tell you? AP: Yeah. TRUMP: There's six people sitting here. What did he, what, what do you mean by slightly? AP: He said, he said that he felt like you could be a great president if and then — TRUMP: Well he said, you'll be the greatest president in the history of, but you know what, I'll take that also, but that you could be. But he said, will be the greatest president but I would also accept the other. In other words, if you do your job, but I accept that. Then I watched him interviewed and it was like he never even was here. It's incredible. I watched him interviewed a week later and it's like he was never in my office. And you can even say that. ___ AP: And that's one of the difficulties I think presidents have had is that you can have these personal relationships with people from the other party, but then it's hard to actually change how people vote or change how people — TRUMP: No I have, it's interesting, I have, seem to get very high ratings. I definitely. You know Chris Wallace had 9.2 million people, it's the highest in the history of the show. I have all the ratings for all those morning shows. When I go, they go double, triple. Chris Wallace, look back during the Army-Navy football game, I did his show that morning. AP: I remember, right. TRUMP: It had 9.2 million people. It's the highest they've ever had. On any, on air, (CBS "Face the Nation" host John) Dickerson had 5.2 million people. It's the highest for "Face the Nation" or as I call it, "Deface the Nation." It's the highest for "Deface the Nation" since the World Trade Center. Since the World Trade Center came down. It's a tremendous advantage. I have learned one thing, because I get treated very unfairly, that's what I call it, the fake media. And the fake media is not all of the media. You know they tried to say that the fake media was all the, no. The fake media is some of you. I could tell you who it is, 100 percent. Sometimes you're fake, but — but the fake media is some of the media. It bears no relationship to the truth. It's not that Fox treats me well, it's that Fox is the most accurate. AP: Do you believe that? That Fox — TRUMP: I do. I get treated so badly. Yesterday, about the thing, you know when I said it's a terrorism ... it may be. I said it may be a terrorist attack and MSNBC, I heard, went crazy, "He called it a terrorist attack." They thought it was a bank robbery. By the way, I'm 10-0 for that. I've called every one of them. Every time they said I called it way too early and then it turns out I'm ... Whatever. Whatever. In the meantime, I'm here and they're not. ___ AP: Do you feel that one of the things with cable is there's such real-time reaction with everything you say? TRUMP: Yeah. AP: Can you separate that sometimes from that actual decision? TRUMP: The one thing — AP: That you have to do — TRUMP: OK. The one thing I've learned to do that I never thought I had the ability to do. I don't watch CNN anymore. AP: You just said you did. TRUMP: No. No, I, if I'm passing it, what did I just say (inaudible)? AP: You just said — TRUMP: Where? Where? AP: Two minutes ago. TRUMP: No, they treat me so badly. No, I just said that. No, I, what'd I say, I stopped watching them. But I don't watch CNN anymore. I don't watch MSNBC. I don't watch it. Now I heard yesterday that MSNBC, you know, they tell me what's going on. AP: Right. TRUMP: In fact, they also did. I never thought I had the ability to not watch. Like, people think I watch (MSNBC's) "Morning Joe." I don't watch "Morning Joe." I never thought I had the ability to, and who used to treat me great by the way, when I played the game. I never thought I had the ability to not watch what is unpleasant, if it's about me. Or pleasant. But when I see it's such false reporting and such bad reporting and false reporting that I've developed an ability that I never thought I had. I don't watch things that are unpleasant. I just don't watch them. AP: And do you feel like that's, that's because of the office that you now occupy — TRUMP: No. AP: That you've made that change? TRUMP: I don't know why it is, but I've developed that ability, and it's happened over the last, over the last year. AP: That's interesting. TRUMP: And I don't watch things that I know are going to be unpleasant. CNN has covered me unfairly and incorrectly and I don't watch them anymore. A lot of people don't watch them anymore, they're now in third place. But I've created something where people are watching ... but I don't watch CNN anymore. I don't watch MSNBC anymore. I don't watch things, and I never thought I had that ability. I always thought I'd watch. AP: Sure. TRUMP: I just don't. And that's taken place over the last year. And you know what that is, that's a great, it's a great thing because you leave, you leave for work in the morning you know, you're, you don't watch this total negativity. I never thought I'd be able to do that and for me, it's so easy to do now. Just don't watch. AP: That's interesting. TRUMP: Maybe it's because I'm here. I don't know. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a month ago Surveillance video shows woman jumping out of trunk after kidnapping 1:20 a month ago Surveillance video shows woman jumping out of trunk after kidnapping 1:26 2 months ago Witnesses describe deadly bus-train collision in Biloxi, Miss. 1:42 2 months ago Caught on camera: Vandals toss tar on home View More Video National 4 arrested during marijuana ‘smoke-in’ protest at U.S. Capitol Aviation officer gives his version of United flight removal Gangland executions were ordered from jail to silence this couple. Now, a reckoning. Arkansas executes 2 inmates on the same gurney, hours apart The Latest: Arkansas executes 2 prisoners in 1 night National Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DISA: Life after CAC•Where diversity hiring falls short•Will DoD get its 2017 money? Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Transcript of AP interview… Transcript of AP interview with Trump By The Associated Press and The Associated Press April 24, 2017 3:28 am 39 min read Share A transcript of an Oval Office interview Friday with President Donald Trump by AP White House Correspondent Julie Pace. Where the audio recording of the interview is unclear, ellipses or a notation that the recording was unintelligible are used. AP: I do want to talk to you about the 100 days. TRUMP: Good. AP: I want to ask a few questions on some topics that are happening toward the end of the interview. Sign up for the online chat with Air Force Deputy CIO Bill Marion II on May 9, at 10 a.m. (EDT). Advertisement TRUMP: Did you see Aya (Hijazi, an Egyptian-American charity worker who had been detained in the country for nearly three years) … AP: Can you tell me a little bit about how that came about? TRUMP: No, just — you know, I asked the government to let her out. … TRUMP: You know Obama worked on it for three years, got zippo, zero. AP: How did you hear about this story? TRUMP: Many people, human rights people, are talking about it. It’s an incredible thing, especially when you meet her. You realize — I mean, she was in a rough place. ‘If you’re a really good federal worker, you should welcome’ the reorganization plan, OMB says AP: Did you have to strike a deal with (Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah) el-Sissi over this? TRUMP: No. No deal. He was here. He — I said, “I really would appreciate it if you would look into this and let her out.” And as you know, she went through a trial. And anyway, she was let go. And not only she, it was a total of eight people. … ___ TRUMP: Yeah, it’s funny: One of the best chemistries I had was with (German Chancellor Angela) Merkel. (Crosstalk) AP: Really? TRUMP: Chancellor Merkel. TRUMP: And I guess somebody shouted out, “Shake her hand, shake her hand,” you know. But I never heard it. But I had already shaken her hand four times. You know, because we were together for a long time. AP: Did you expect you would have good chemistry with her? TRUMP: No. Because, um, I’m at odds on, you know, the NATO payments and I’m at odds on immigration. We had unbelievable chemistry. And people have given me credit for having great chemistry with all of the leaders, including el-Sissi. … TRUMP: So it was a great thing to see that happen. ___ AP: Do you feel like you have changed the office of the presidency, how the presidency can be used to effect change? TRUMP: I think the 100 days is, you know, it’s an artificial barrier. It’s not very meaningful. I think I’ve established amazing relationships that will be used the four or eight years, whatever period of time I’m here. I think for that I would be getting very high marks because I’ve established great relationships with countries, as President el-Sissi has shown and others have shown. Well, if you look at the president of China, people said they’ve never seen anything like what’s going on right now. I really liked him a lot. I think he liked me. We have a great chemistry together. … TRUMP: I’ve developed great relationships with all of these leaders. Nobody’s written that. In fact, they said, “Oh, well, he’s not treating them nicely,” because on NATO, I want them to pay up. But I still get along with them great, and they will pay up. In fact, with the Italian prime minister yesterday, you saw, we were joking, “Come on, you have to pay up, you have to pay up.” He’ll pay. AP: Did he say that? In your meeting? Your private meeting? TRUMP: He’s going to end up paying. But you know, nobody ever asked the question. Nobody asked. Nobody ever asked him to pay up. So it’s a different kind of a presidency. AP: Do you feel like that’s one thing that you’ve changed, that you maybe are actually asking the direct questions about some of these things? TRUMP: Yeah. Let me give me an example. A little before I took office there was a terrible article about the F-35 fighter jet. It was hundreds of billions of dollars over budget. It was seven years behind schedule. It was a disaster. So I called in Lockheed and I said, “I’m sorry, we’re going to have to bid this out to another company, namely Boeing,” or whoever else. But Boeing. And I called in Boeing and I started getting competing offers back and forth. … TRUMP: I saved $725 million on the 90 planes. Just 90. Now there are 3,000 planes that are going to be ordered. On 90 planes I saved $725 million. It’s actually a little bit more than that, but it’s $725 million. Gen. Mattis, who had to sign the deal when it came to his office, said, “I’ve never seen anything like this in my life.” We went from a company that wanted more money for the planes to a company that cut. And the reason they cut — same planes, same everything — was because of me. I mean, because that’s what I do. TRUMP: Now if you multiply that times 3,000 planes, you know this is on 90 planes. In fact, when the Prime Minister (Shinzo) Abe of Japan came in because they bought a certain number of those … The first thing he said to me, because it was right at the time I did it, he said, “Could I thank you?” I said, “What?” He said, “You saved us $100 million.” Because they got a $100 million savings on the 10 or 12 planes that they (bought). Nobody wrote that story. Now you know that’s a saving of billions and billions of dollars, many billions of dollars over the course of — it’s between 2,500 and 3,000 planes will be the final order. But this was only 90 of those 2,500 planes. AP: And you expect those savings to carry out across that full order? TRUMP: More. I’m gonna get more than that. This was a thing that was out of control and now it’s great. And the woman that runs Lockheed, Marillyn (Hewson), she was great. But all of a sudden it was a different kind of a thing. You know? ___ AP: Do you feel like you’ve been able to apply that kind of a relationship to your dealings with Congress as well? TRUMP: I have great relationships with Congress. I think we’re doing very well and I think we have a great foundation for future things. We’re going to be applying, I shouldn’t tell you this, but we’re going to be announcing, probably on Wednesday, tax reform. And it’s — we’ve worked on it long and hard. And you’ve got to understand, I’ve only been here now 93 days, 92 days. President Obama took 17 months to do Obamacare. I’ve been here 92 days but I’ve only been working on the health care, you know I had to get like a little bit of grounding right? Health care started after 30 day(s), so I’ve been working on health care for 60 days. …You know, we’re very close. And it’s a great plan, you know, we have to get it approved. AP: Is it this deal that’s between the Tuesday Group and the Freedom Caucus, is that the deal you’re looking at? TRUMP: So the Republican Party has various groups, all great people. They’re great people. But some are moderate, some are very conservative. The Democrats don’t seem to have that nearly as much. You know the Democrats have, they don’t have that. The Republicans do have that. And I think it’s fine. But you know there’s a pretty vast area in there. And I have a great relationship with all of them. Now, we have government not closing. I think we’ll be in great shape on that. It’s going very well. Obviously, that takes precedent. AP: That takes precedent over health care? For next week? TRUMP: Yeah, sure. Next week. Because the hundred days is just an artificial barrier. The press keeps talking about the hundred days. But we’ve done a lot. You have a list of things. I don’t have to read it. ___ AP: You did put out though, as a candidate, you put out a 100-day plan. Do you feel like you should be held accountable to that plan? TRUMP: Somebody, yeah, somebody put out the concept of a hundred-day plan. But yeah. Well, I’m mostly there on most items. Go over the items, and I’ll talk to you … (Crosstalk.) TRUMP: But things change. There has to be flexibility. Let me give you an example. President Xi, we have a, like, a really great relationship. For me to call him a currency manipulator and then say, “By the way, I’d like you to solve the North Korean problem,” doesn’t work. So you have to have a certain flexibility, Number One. Number Two, from the time I took office till now, you know, it’s a very exact thing. It’s not like generalities. Do you want a Coke or anything? AP: I’m OK, thank you. No. … TRUMP: But President Xi, from the time I took office, he has not, they have not been currency manipulators. Because there’s a certain respect because he knew I would do something or whatever. But more importantly than him not being a currency manipulator the bigger picture, bigger than even currency manipulation, if he’s helping us with North Korea, with nuclear and all of the things that go along with it, who would call, what am I going to do, say, “By the way, would you help us with North Korea? And also, you’re a currency manipulator.” It doesn’t work that way. AP: Right. TRUMP: And the media, some of them get it, in all fairness. But you know some of them either don’t get it, in which case they’re very stupid people, or they just don’t want to say it. You know because of a couple of them said, “He didn’t call them a currency manipulator.” Well, for two reasons. Number One, he’s not, since my time. You know, very specific formula. You would think it’s like generalities, it’s not. They have — they’ve actually — their currency’s gone up. So it’s a very, very specific formula. And I said, “How badly have they been,” … they said, “Since you got to office they have not manipulated their currency.” That’s Number One, but much more important, they are working with us on North Korea. Now maybe that’ll work out or maybe it won’t. Can you imagine? … AP: So in terms of the 100-day plan that you did put out during the campaign, do you feel, though, that people should hold you accountable to this in terms of judging success? TRUMP: No, because much of the foundation’s been laid. Things came up. I’ll give you an example. I didn’t put Supreme Court judge on the 100 (day) plan, and I got a Supreme Court judge. AP: I think it’s on there. TRUMP: I don’t know. … AP: “Begin the process of selecting.” You actually exceeded on this one. This says, “Begin the process of selecting a replacement.” TRUMP: That’s the biggest thing I’ve done. AP: Do you consider that your biggest success? TRUMP: Well, I — first of all I think he’s a great man. I think he will be a great, great justice of the Supreme Court. I have always heard that the selection and the affirmation of a Supreme Court judge is the biggest thing a president can do. Don’t forget, he could be there for 40 years. … He’s a young man. I’ve always heard that that’s the biggest thing. Now, I would say that defense is the biggest thing. You know, to be honest, there are a number of things. But I’ve always heard that the highest calling is the nomination of a Supreme Court justice. I’ve done one in my first 70 days. TRUMP: Our military is so proud. They were not proud at all. They had their heads down. Now they have their heads up. … TRUMP: I’m rebuilding the military. We have great people. We have great things in place. We have tremendous borders. I mention the F-35 because if I can save $725 million — look at that, that’s a massive amount of money. And I’ll save more as we make more planes. If I can save that on a small number of planes — Gen. (Jim) Mattis (the defense secretary) said, “I’ve never seen anything like this,” because he had to sign the ultimate (unintelligible) … He had to sign the ultimate, you know. He said, “I’ve never seen anything like this before, as long as I’ve been in the military.” You know, that kind of cutting. AP: Right. TRUMP: Now, if I can do that (unintelligible) … As an example, the aircraft carriers, billions of dollars, the Gerald Ford, billions and billions over budget. That won’t happen. AP: Is that something you’re going to take on? TRUMP: (unintelligible) But as we order the other ones, because they want to order 12, the other ones are going to come in much less expensive. … ___ AP: Can I ask you, over your first 100 days — you’re not quite there yet — how do you feel like the office has changed you? TRUMP: Well the one thing I would say — and I say this to people — I never realized how big it was. Everything’s so (unintelligible) like, you know the orders are so massive. I was talking to — AP: You mean the responsibility of it, or do you mean — TRUMP: Number One, there’s great responsibility. When it came time to, as an example, send out the 59 missiles, the Tomahawks in Syria. I’m saying to myself, “You know, this is more than just like, 79 (sic) missiles. This is death that’s involved,” because people could have been killed. This is risk that’s involved, because if the missile goes off and goes in a city or goes in a civilian area — you know, the boats were hundreds of miles away — and if this missile goes off and lands in the middle of a town or a hamlet …. every decision is much harder than you’d normally make. (unintelligible) … This is involving death and life and so many things. … So it’s far more responsibility. (unintelligible) ….The financial cost of everything is so massive, every agency. This is thousands of times bigger, the United States, than the biggest company in the world. The second-largest company in the world is the Defense Department. The third-largest company in the world is Social Security. The fourth-largest — you know, you go down the list. AP: Right. TRUMP. It’s massive. And every agency is, like, bigger than any company. So you know, I really just see the bigness of it all, but also the responsibility. And the human responsibility. You know, the human life that’s involved in some of the decisions. ___ AP: You’ve talked a little bit about the way that you’ve brought some business skills into the office. Is there anything from your business background that just doesn’t translate into the presidency, that just simply is not applicable to this job? TRUMP: Well in business, you don’t necessarily need heart, whereas here, almost everything affects people. So if you’re talking about health care — you have health care in business but you’re trying to just negotiate a good price on health care, et cetera, et cetera. You’re providing health. This is (unintelligible). Here, everything, pretty much everything you do in government, involves heart, whereas in business, most things don’t involve heart. AP: What’s that switch been like for you? TRUMP: In fact, in business you’re actually better off without it. AP: What’s making that switch been like for you? TRUMP: You have to love people. And if you love people, such a big responsibility. (unintelligible) You can take any single thing, including even taxes. I mean we’re going to be doing major tax reform. Here’s part of your story, it’s going to be a big (unintelligible). Everybody’s saying, “Oh, he’s delaying.” I’m not delaying anything. I’ll tell you the other thing is (unintelligible). I used to get great press. I get the worst press. I get such dishonest reporting with the media. That’s another thing that really has — I’ve never had anything like it before. It happened during the primaries, and I said, you know, when I won, I said, “Well the one thing good is now I’ll get good press.” And it got worse. (unintelligible) So that was one thing that a little bit of a surprise to me. I thought the press would become better, and it actually, in my opinion, got more nasty. ___ AP: But in terms of tax reform, how are you going to roll that out next week? TRUMP: Well I’m going to roll (out) probably on Wednesday, around Wednesday of next week, we’re putting out a massive tax reform — business and for people — we want to do both. We’ve been working on it (unintelligible). Secretary Mnuchin is a very talented person, very smart. Very successful (unintelligible). … We’re going to be putting that out on Wednesday or shortly thereafter. Let me leave a little room just in case (unintelligible). … And that’s a big story, because a lot of people think I’m going to put it out much later. AP: Do you have any details on that in terms of rates? TRUMP: Only in terms that it will be a massive tax cut. It will be bigger, I believe, than any tax cut ever. Maybe the biggest tax cut we’ve ever had. … ___ AP: Obviously, that’s going to come in a week where you’re going to be running up against the deadline for keeping the government open. If you get a bill on your desk that does not include funding for the wall, will you sign it? TRUMP: I don’t know yet. People want the border wall. My base definitely wants the border wall, my base really wants it — you’ve been to many of the rallies. OK, the thing they want more than anything is the wall. My base, which is a big base; I think my base is 45 percent. You know, it’s funny. The Democrats, they have a big advantage in the electoral college. Big, big, big advantage. I’ve always said the popular vote would be a lot easier than the electoral college. The electoral college — but it’s a whole different campaign (unintelligible). The electoral college is very difficult for a Republican to win, and I will tell you, the people want to see it. They want to see the wall, they want to see security. Now, it just came out that they’re 73 percent down. … That’s a tremendous achievement. … Look at this, in 100 days, that down to the lowest in 17 years and it’s going lower. Now, people aren’t coming because they know they’re not going to get through, and there isn’t crime. You know the migration up to the border is horrible for women, you know that? (Unintelligible.) Now, much of that’s stopped because they can’t get through. AP: It sounds like maybe you’re beginning to send a message that if you do get a spending bill that doesn’t have border funding in there, you would sign it. TRUMP: Well, first of all, the wall will cost much less than the numbers I’m seeing. I’m seeing numbers, I mean, this wall is not going to be that expensive. AP: What do you think the estimate on it would be? TRUMP: Oh I’m seeing numbers — $24 billion, I think I’ll do it for $10 billion or less. That’s not a lot of money relative to what we’re talking about. If we stop 1 percent of the drugs from coming in — and we’ll stop all of it. But if we stop 1 percent of the drugs because we have the wall — they’re coming around in certain areas, but if you have a wall, they can’t do it because it’s a real wall. That’s a tremendously good investment, 1 percent. The drugs pouring through on the southern border are unbelievable. We’re becoming a drug culture, there’s so much. And most of it’s coming from the southern border. The wall will stop the drugs. AP: But, just trying to nail you down on it one more time, will you sign a spending bill if it doesn’t have — TRUMP: I don’t want to comment. I just don’t know yet. I mean, I have to see what’s going on. I really do. But the wall’s a very important thing to — not only my base, but to the people. And even if it wasn’t, I mean I’ll do things that aren’t necessarily popular. … The wall is very important to stopping drugs. AP: If you don’t have a funding stream, your message to your base is what? TRUMP: My base understands the wall is going to get built, whether I have it funded here or if I get it funded shortly thereafter, that wall’s getting built, OK? One hundred percent. One hundred percent it’s getting built. And it’s also getting built for much less money — I hope you get this — than these people are estimating. The opponents are talking $25 billion for the wall. It’s not going to cost anywhere near that. AP: You think $10 billion or less. TRUMP: I think $10 billion or less. And if I do a super-duper, higher, better, better security, everything else, maybe it goes a little bit more. But it’s not going to be anywhere near (those) kind of numbers. And they’re using those numbers; they’re using the high numbers to make it sound impalatable (sic). And the fact it’s going to cost much less money, just like the airplane I told you about, which I hope you can write about. ___ (Off-the-record discussion.) ___ TRUMP: They had a quote from me that NATO’s obsolete. But they didn’t say why it was obsolete. I was on Wolf Blitzer, very fair interview, the first time I was ever asked about NATO, because I wasn’t in government. People don’t go around asking about NATO if I’m building a building in Manhattan, right? So they asked me, Wolf … asked me about NATO, and I said two things. NATO’s obsolete — not knowing much about NATO, now I know a lot about NATO — NATO is obsolete, and I said, “And the reason it’s obsolete is because of the fact they don’t focus on terrorism.” You know, back when they did NATO there was no such thing as terrorism. AP: What specifically has NATO changed? TRUMP: (Cites Wall Street Journal article) … I did an interview with Wolf Blitzer, and I said NATO was obsolete — I said two things — obsolete, and the country’s aren’t paying. I was right about both. I took such heat for about three days on both, because nobody ever criticized NATO. I took heat like you wouldn’t believe. And then some expert on NATO said, “You know, Trump is right.” But I said it was obsolete because they weren’t focused on terror. … It’s not fair that we’re paying close to 4 percent and other countries that are more directly affected are paying 1 percent when they’re supposed to be paying 2 percent. And I’m very strong on it and I’m going to be very strong on it when I go there in a month.” __ AP: This morning you tweeted that after the possible terrorist attack in Paris, that it will have a big effect on the upcoming French election. What did you mean by that? TRUMP: Well, I think it will have a big effect on who people are going to vote for in the election. AP: Do you think it’s going to help Marine Le Pen? TRUMP: I think so. AP: Do you believe that she should be the president? TRUMP: No, I have no comment on that, but I think that it’ll probably help her because she is the strongest on borders and she is the strongest on what’s been going on in France. AP: Do you worry at all that by saying that, that a terrorist attack would have an impact on a democratic election, that it would actually embolden terrorists to try to —. TRUMP: No. Look, everybody is making predictions who is going to win. I am no different than you, you could say the same thing. … AP: I just wonder if you are encouraging, you are the president of the United States, so to say that you worry that it encourages terrorists … TRUMP: No, I am no different than — no, I think it discourages terrorists, I think it discourages. I think what we’ve done on the border discourages it. I think that my stance on having people come in to this country that we have no idea who they are and in certain cases you will have radical Islamic terrorism. I’m not going to have it in this country. I’m not going to let what happened to France and other places happen here. And it’s already largely, you know — we have tens — we have hundreds of thousands of people that have been allowed into our country that should not be here. They shouldn’t be here. We have people allowed into our country with no documentation whatsoever. They have no documentation and they were allowed under the previous administrations, they were allowed into our country. It’s a big mistake. AP: Just so that I am clear. You are not endorsing her for the office, but you are — TRUMP: I am not endorsing her and I didn’t mention her name. AP: Right, I just wanted to make sure I have that clear. TRUMP: I believe whoever is the toughest on radical Islamic terrorism and whoever is the toughest at the borders will do well at the election. I am not saying that person is going to win, she is not even favored to win, you know. Right now, she is in second place. ___ AP: I have a question on the markets, actually. One thing that I think has been different about this White House is that you do point to the markets as a sign of progress. Do you worry, though — I mean, the markets go up and down. TRUMP: You live by the sword, you die by the sword, to a certain extent. But we create a lot of jobs, 500,000 jobs as of two months ago, and plenty created since. Five hundred thousand. … As an example, Ford, General Motors. I’ve had cases where the gentleman from China, Ma, Jack Ma (chairman of Alibaba Group), he comes up, he says, “Only because of you am I making this massive investment.” Intel, only because of you. … The press never writes that. ___ AP: What about NAFTA? What’s the plan on NAFTA? TRUMP: What would you like to know? AP: I would like to know what your plan is in terms of renegotiating. TRUMP: I am very upset with NAFTA. I think NAFTA has been a catastrophic trade deal for the United States, trading agreement for the United States. It hurts us with Canada, and it hurts us with Mexico. Most people don’t even think of NAFTA in terms of Canada. You saw what happened yesterday in my statements, because if you look at the dairy farmers in Wisconsin and upstate New York, they are getting killed by NAFTA. AP: Is your plan still, though, to renegotiate the whole deal? TRUMP: I am going to either renegotiate it or I am going to terminate it. AP: Termination is still on the table. TRUMP: Absolutely. If they don’t treat fairly, I am terminating NAFTA. AP: What’s a timeline for that decision? TRUMP: It’s a six-month termination clause, I have the right to do it, it’s a six-month clause. ___ AP: If I could fit a couple of more topics. Jeff Sessions, your attorney general, is taking a tougher line suddenly on Julian Assange, saying that arresting him is a priority. You were supportive of what WikiLeaks was doing during the campaign with the release of the Clinton emails. Do you think that arresting Assange is a priority for the United States? TRUMP: When Wikileaks came out … never heard of Wikileaks, never heard of it. When Wikileaks came out, all I was just saying is, “Well, look at all this information here, this is pretty good stuff.” You know, they tried to hack the Republican, the RNC, but we had good defenses. They didn’t have defenses, which is pretty bad management. But we had good defenses, they tried to hack both of them. They weren’t able to get through to Republicans. No, I found it very interesting when I read this stuff and I said, “Wow.” It was just a figure of speech. I said, “Well, look at this. It’s good reading.” AP: But that didn’t mean that you supported what Assange is doing? TRUMP: No, I don’t support or unsupport. It was just information. They shouldn’t have allowed it to get out. If they had the proper defensive devices on their internet, you know, equipment, they wouldn’t even allow the FBI. How about this — they get hacked, and the FBI goes to see them, and they won’t let the FBI see their server. But do you understand, nobody ever writes it. Why wouldn’t (former Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John) Podesta and Hillary Clinton allow the FBI to see the server? They brought in another company that I hear is Ukrainian-based. AP: CrowdStrike? TRUMP: That’s what I heard. I heard it’s owned by a very rich Ukrainian, that’s what I heard. But they brought in another company to investigate the server. Why didn’t they allow the FBI in to investigate the server? I mean, there is so many things that nobody writes about. It’s incredible. AP: Can I just ask you, though — do you believe it is a priority for the United States, or it should be a priority, to arrest Julian Assange? TRUMP: I am not involved in that decision, but if Jeff Sessions wants to do it, it’s OK with me. I didn’t know about that decision, but if they want to do it, it’s OK with me. ___ AP: On Iran, which is another thing you talked a lot on the campaign — TRUMP: And the other thing that we should go after is the leakers. … AP: On Iran, you also talked about it quite a bit on the campaign trail. And you said in the press conference yesterday that you think that Iran is violating the spirit of the agreement. When you say that, do you mean in terms of the actual nuclear accord, or do you mean what they are doing in the region? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing all over the Middle East and beyond. AP: So you believe that they are complying with the agreement? TRUMP: No, I don’t say that. I say that I believe they have broken the spirit of the agreement. There is a spirit to agreements, and they have broken it. AP: In terms of what they are doing elsewhere in the Middle East? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing of all over. AP: When you talk to European leaders, when you talk to Merkel, for example, or Teresa May, what do they say about the nuclear deal? Do they want you to stay in that deal? TRUMP: I don’t talk to them about it. AP: You don’t talk to them about the Iran deal? TRUMP: I mention it, but it’s very personal when I talk to them, you know, it’s confidential. No, they have their own opinions. I don’t say that they are different than my opinions, but I’d rather have you ask them that question. AP: At this point, do you believe that you will stay in the nuclear deal? TRUMP: It’s possible that we won’t. ___ AP: Dreamers, you’ve talked about them, you’ve talked about heart earlier. This is one area where you have talked — TRUMP: No, we aren’t looking to do anything right now. Look, the dreamers … this is an interesting case, they left and they came back and he’s got some problems, it’s a little different than the dreamer case, right? But we are putting MS-13 in jail and getting them the hell out of our country. They’ve taken over towns and cities and we are being really brutal with MS-13, and that’s what we should be. They are a bad group, and somebody said they are as bad as al-Qaida, which is a hell of a reference. So we are moving criminals out of our country and we are getting them out in record numbers and those are the people we are after. We are not after the dreamers, we are after the criminals. AP: And that’s going to be the policy of your administration to allow the dreamers to stay? TRUMP: Yes. Yes. That’s our policy. I am not saying … long-term, we are going to have to fix the problem, the whole immigration problem. But I will tell you: Right now we have a great gentleman, one of my real stars is Gen. (John) Kelly, now (Homeland Security) Secretary Kelly. We are down 73 percent at the border, we are cleaning out cities and towns of hard-line criminals, some of the worst people on earth, people that rape and kill women, people that are killing people just for the sake of having fun. They are being thrown in jails and they are being … all over the country and nobody’s ever done it like us, so we are being unbelievably thorough with that. We are out in Long Island cleaning out the MS-13 scum, they are all scum, that’s probably the worst gang anywhere on Earth. … AP: A lot of the dreamers have been hoping to hear something from you. I don’t want to give them the wrong message with this. TRUMP: Here is what they can hear: The dreamers should rest easy. OK? I’ll give you that. The dreamers should rest easy. … ___ (An aide talks about the president’s address to Congress.) TRUMP: A lot of the people have said that, some people said it was the single best speech ever made in that chamber. AP: You seem like you enjoyed it. TRUMP: I did. I did. I believed in it and I enjoyed it. It was a great feeling to introduce the wife of a great young soldier who died getting us very valuable information. Have you seen the tremendous success? … That’s another thing that nobody talks about. Have you seen the tremendous success we’ve had in the Middle East with the ISIS (an abbreviation for the Islamic State group)? When (current Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al) Abadi left from Iraq, he said Trump has more success in eight weeks than Obama had in eight years. … We have had tremendous success, but we don’t talk about it. We don’t talk about it. AP: Do you mean you don’t talk about it personally because you don’t want to talk about it? TRUMP: I don’t talk about it. No. And the generals don’t talk about it. ___ AP: You had put a request into the Pentagon to put forward an ISIS plan within 30 days. I know they have sent that over. Have you accepted a plan? Are you moving forward on a strategy? TRUMP: We have a very strong plan, but we cannot talk about it, Julie. AP: So you have decided on a plan? TRUMP: Remember how many times have you been to the speech where I talked about Mosul. AP: Right. TRUMP. Right. Mosul. Four months we are going in, three months. We are still fighting Mosul. You know why? Because they were prepared. If we would have gone in and just done it, it would have been over three months ago. AP: Can you say generally what the strategy is? Should people — TRUMP: Generally is we have got to get rid of ISIS. We have no choice. And other terrorist organizations. AP: Should Americans who are serving in the military expect that you are going to increase troop numbers in the Middle East to fight ISIS? TRUMP: No, not much. AP: In terms of the strategy, though, that you have accepted, it sounds like, from the generals — TRUMP: Well, they’ve also accepted my strategy. AP: Does that involve more troops on the ground, it sounds like? TRUMP: Not many. AP: So a small increase? TRUMP: It could be an increase, then an increase. But not many more. I want to do the job, but not many more. … This is an important story. I’ve done a lot. I’ve done more than any other president in the first 100 days and I think the first 100 days is an artificial barrier. And I’m scheduled … the foundations have been set to do some great things. With foreign countries. Look at, look at President Xi. I mean … AP: What do you think it was about your chemistry? TRUMP: We had good chemistry. Now I don’t know that I think that’s going to produce results but you’ve got a good chance. AP: Uh-huh. TRUMP: Look, he turned down many coal ships. These massive coal ships are coming where they get a lot of their income. They’re coming into China and they’re being turned away. That’s never happened before. The fuel, the oil, so many different things. You saw the editorial they had in their paper saying they cannot be allowed to have nuclear, you know, et cetera. People have said they’ve never seen this ever before in China. We have the same relationship with others. There’s a great foundation that’s built. Great foundation. And I think it’s going to produce tremendous results for our country. ___ AP: One more 100 days question. TRUMP: That’s fine. AP: … is do you think you have the right team in place for your next 100 days? TRUMP: Yes. I think my team has been, well, I have different teams. I think my military team has been treated with great respect. As they should be. I think my other team hasn’t been treated with the respect that they should get. We have some very talented people, and very diverse people. AP: Do you mean your White House team when you say that? TRUMP: Yeah, my White House team. I think Reince (Priebus) has been doing an excellent job. I think that, you know, this is a very tough environment not caused necessarily by me. Although the election has, you know, look, the Democrats had a tremendous opportunity because the electoral college, as I said, is so skewed to them. You start off by losing in New York and California, no matter who it is. If, if Abe Lincoln came back to life, he would lose New York and he would lose California. It’s just the registration, there’s nothing you can do. So you’re losing the two biggest states, that’s where you start. OK. The Electoral College is so skewed in favor of a Democrat that it’s very, very hard. Look at Obama’s number in the Electoral College. His numbers on the win were … but the Electoral College numbers were massive. You lose New York, you lose Illinois. Illinois is impossible to win. And you look at, so now you lose New York, Illinois, no matter what you do, and California. Right. And you say, man. Now you have to win Florida, you have to win Ohio, you have to win North Carolina. You have to win all these states, and then I won Wisconsin and Michigan and all of these other places, but you remember there was no way to, there was no way to 270. AP: Right. TRUMP: So she had this massive advantage, she spent hundreds of millions of dollars more money than I spent. Hundreds of millions … Yeah. Or more, actually because we were $375 she was at $2.2 billion. But whatever. She spent massive amounts of money more and she lost. Solidly lost, because you know it wasn’t 270, it was 306. So there’s anger. But there was massive anger before I got there, so it’s not easy for a White House staff to realize that you are going into a situation where you are going to be at no, where are going to get no votes. I mean, here’s a judge who is No. 1 at Columbia, No. 1 at Harvard and an Oxford scholar. And he got three votes. AP: Three Democratic votes, but yeah. TRUMP: Three Democratic votes. OK. He’s an Oxford scholar at the highest level. The No. 1, you know, one of the great academics, one of the great writers. No bad decisions with all … nothing. He’s like a … AP: Do you think that you can break through that? I mean this — TRUMP: Yeah, I do. AP: Is one of the biggest challenges for a president. TRUMP: I think (I) can to an extent. But there’s a, there’s a basic hard-line core that you can’t break though, OK, that you can’t break through. There’s a hard-line group you can’t break through, you can’t. It’s sad. You can’t. Look, I met with Congressman Cummings and I really liked him, a lot. Elijah Cummings (of Maryland). I really liked him a lot. And during the conversation because we have a very strong mutual feeling on drug prices. He came to see me, at my invitation, because I saw him talking about, he came to see me about drug prices because drug prices are ridiculous. And I am going to get them way, way, way down and he liked that. He said you will be the greatest president. He said you will be, in front of five, six people, he said you will be the greatest president in the history of this country. AP: He disputed that slightly. TRUMP: That’s what he said. I mean, what can I tell you? AP: Yeah. TRUMP: There’s six people sitting here. What did he, what, what do you mean by slightly? AP: He said, he said that he felt like you could be a great president if and then — TRUMP: Well he said, you’ll be the greatest president in the history of, but you know what, I’ll take that also, but that you could be. But he said, will be the greatest president but I would also accept the other. In other words, if you do your job, but I accept that. Then I watched him interviewed and it was like he never even was here. It’s incredible. I watched him interviewed a week later and it’s like he was never in my office. And you can even say that. ___ AP: And that’s one of the difficulties I think presidents have had is that you can have these personal relationships with people from the other party, but then it’s hard to actually change how people vote or change how people — TRUMP: No I have, it’s interesting, I have, seem to get very high ratings. I definitely. You know Chris Wallace had 9.2 million people, it’s the highest in the history of the show. I have all the ratings for all those morning shows. When I go, they go double, triple. Chris Wallace, look back during the Army-Navy football game, I did his show that morning. AP: I remember, right. TRUMP: It had 9.2 million people. It’s the highest they’ve ever had. On any, on air, (CBS “Face the Nation” host John) Dickerson had 5.2 million people. It’s the highest for “Face the Nation” or as I call it, “Deface the Nation.” It’s the highest for “Deface the Nation” since the World Trade Center. Since the World Trade Center came down. It’s a tremendous advantage. I have learned one thing, because I get treated very unfairly, that’s what I call it, the fake media. And the fake media is not all of the media. You know they tried to say that the fake media was all the, no. The fake media is some of you. I could tell you who it is, 100 percent. Sometimes you’re fake, but — but the fake media is some of the media. It bears no relationship to the truth. It’s not that Fox treats me well, it’s that Fox is the most accurate. AP: Do you believe that? That Fox — TRUMP: I do. I get treated so badly. Yesterday, about the thing, you know when I said it’s a terrorism … it may be. I said it may be a terrorist attack and MSNBC, I heard, went crazy, “He called it a terrorist attack.” They thought it was a bank robbery. By the way, I’m 10-0 for that. I’ve called every one of them. Every time they said I called it way too early and then it turns out I’m … Whatever. Whatever. In the meantime, I’m here and they’re not. ___ AP: Do you feel that one of the things with cable is there’s such real-time reaction with everything you say? TRUMP: Yeah. AP: Can you separate that sometimes from that actual decision? TRUMP: The one thing — AP: That you have to do — TRUMP: OK. The one thing I’ve learned to do that I never thought I had the ability to do. I don’t watch CNN anymore. AP: You just said you did. TRUMP: No. No, I, if I’m passing it, what did I just say (inaudible)? AP: You just said — TRUMP: Where? Where? AP: Two minutes ago. TRUMP: No, they treat me so badly. No, I just said that. No, I, what’d I say, I stopped watching them. But I don’t watch CNN anymore. I don’t watch MSNBC. I don’t watch it. Now I heard yesterday that MSNBC, you know, they tell me what’s going on. AP: Right. TRUMP: In fact, they also did. I never thought I had the ability to not watch. Like, people think I watch (MSNBC’s) “Morning Joe.” I don’t watch “Morning Joe.” I never thought I had the ability to, and who used to treat me great by the way, when I played the game. I never thought I had the ability to not watch what is unpleasant, if it’s about me. Or pleasant. But when I see it’s such false reporting and such bad reporting and false reporting that I’ve developed an ability that I never thought I had. I don’t watch things that are unpleasant. I just don’t watch them. AP: And do you feel like that’s, that’s because of the office that you now occupy — TRUMP: No. AP: That you’ve made that change? TRUMP: I don’t know why it is, but I’ve developed that ability, and it’s happened over the last, over the last year. AP: That’s interesting. TRUMP: And I don’t watch things that I know are going to be unpleasant. CNN has covered me unfairly and incorrectly and I don’t watch them anymore. A lot of people don’t watch them anymore, they’re now in third place. But I’ve created something where people are watching … but I don’t watch CNN anymore. I don’t watch MSNBC anymore. I don’t watch things, and I never thought I had that ability. I always thought I’d watch. AP: Sure. TRUMP: I just don’t. And that’s taken place over the last year. And you know what that is, that’s a great, it’s a great thing because you leave, you leave for work in the morning you know, you’re, you don’t watch this total negativity. I never thought I’d be able to do that and for me, it’s so easy to do now. Just don’t watch. AP: That’s interesting. TRUMP: Maybe it’s because I’m here. I don’t know. Related Topics All News Business News Defense Government News Media News Science News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Transcript of AP interview… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1800: Library of Congress established Fed Photo of the Day NASA HQ watches Trump call International Space Station Top Stories Negotiations for 2017 budget ‘very positive,’ White House says Top Story Replacing the CAC is more imaginable than many thought Reporter's Notebook Watchdogs urge Trump to be strategic in cutting DoD workforce Defense News TSP executive director stepping down after 10 years TSP National FOIA Portal will reduce work on both sides of federal information requests Technology THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Apr 24, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.7998 0.0582 1.73% L 2020 25.3319 0.1523 2.91% L 2030 28.1623 0.2652 4.13% L 2040 30.2936 0.3341 4.73% L 2050 17.3557 0.2175 5.28% G Fund 15.3001 0.0030 0.59% F Fund 17.7518 -0.0275 0.93% C Fund 32.9402 0.3536 6.07% S Fund 43.3001 0.4822 4.57% I Fund 26.9514 0.6699 7.35% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Apr 252017 E- Edition Newspaper Apr 25, 2017 Last Updated at 10:00 AST Home Subscribe E-Newsletter About Us Contact Us   Oman | Viral | Global | Motoring | Food | Celebrity | Sport Turtle with missing flipper spotted in Oman Dome collapses at mosque in Oman Heavy fines will be imposed on violators in Muscat No casualties as cement truck flips over in Baushar WATCH: Loggerhead turtle spotted in Oman with flipper missing Oman Omanisation | Tourism | Education | Environment | Health | Government | Transport | Science | Heritage Omani’s solo aid trek to Yemen Nesting season for turtles begins in Oman Agreements for financing three development projects at Sur in Oman signed Al Injaz Private School exhibition showcases works of students Oman participates 5th session in Arab Parliament in Cairo   #OmanPride: PSM students participate in Times Quiz prelims with enthusiasm #Omanpride: More than 500 teams take part in Times Quiz prelims at Indian School Muscat OmanPride: Musical prodigy uses talent to help worthy causes OmanPride: 'Omanis are kind and generous' OmanPride: Muzna Al Musafir empowers the community through storytelling World GCC | Middle East | India | Pakistan | Americas | Europe | Asia | Africa U.S. sanctions hundreds of employees of Syrian research centre At "sit-ins" and barricades, Venezuela protesters try to keep momentum British Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservatives on track for historic election win in Wales - poll Aid agencies call for life-saving support to Yemen U.S. carrier group heads for Korean waters, China calls for restraint Business Personal Finance | Aviation | Energy | Markets | Property | Retail | Banking | Economy | Technology Meethaq extends more than OMR30m finance for Osool Poultry project Interest income of expatriates in Oman not subject to withholding tax Ooredoo appoints chief audit executive Muscat bourse declines on weak sentiment Abu Dhabi, Malaysia conditionally agree 1MDB debt deal Sports Oman | Football | Cricket | Tennis | Motorsport | Olympics | Hockey | Athletics | Golf | Sailing | More sports Chelsea's Kante named PFA player of the year Tennis: All eyes on Stuttgart as Sharapova poised for return Ramos red could cost Madrid dear in title race Milestone man Messi puts on sensational Clasico display 'Arsenal want to win FA Cup for Wenger' Opinion World Malaria Day Macron’s mission Delays dog "shovel ready” projects in Trump’s infrastructure plan The “New” Trump’s lopsided foreign policy Global shifts and stability challenges in the GCC region Technology Oman technology: All about Runkeeper Times Digital Download: The Simpsons Times Digital Download: Scrubs, the story of young medical professionals Oman technology: All about Pose Game of the week: Warhammer 40,000, Dawn of War II Lifestyle Wellness | Motoring | Dining | Entertainment | Family | Property Times | Travel  Leisure | Culture | Photography Oman dining: Oman has some of the best street food around One ingredient 5 ways: Raspberry Cooking essentials: A peek inside a professional chef’s kitchen Rajkummar Rao-starrer 'Behen Hogi Teri' to release on June 2 Armaan Malik, Sonakshi argue over actors turning singers   This Weekend | Food | Style | Recreation | Travel Trending Music, Movies and Fashion of the Week Tope Trending Videos of the Week Oman Photography: Wildlife beauty by Althaf Abdul Oman beauty: How to wear makeup for a day at the beach Oman beauty: Try aromatic bath bombs from Lush in Muscat Oman Transport Oman Air welcomes new Boeing B787-9 to its fleet April 23, 2017 | 2:27 PM by Times News Service With the addition of this latest Dreamliner, Oman Air operates six Boeing 787 Dreamliners aircraft. Photo - Supplied x With the addition of this latest Dreamliner, Oman Air operates six Boeing 787 Dreamliners aircraft. Photo - Supplied   Sharelines Oman Air welcomes new Boeing B787-9 to its fleet #OmanAir welcomes new #Boeing B787-9 to its fleet Muscat: National carrier Oman Air welcomed a new Boeing B787-9 to its growing fleet on Saturday. With the addition of this latest Dreamliner, Oman Air operates six Boeing 787 Dreamliners aircraft. This aircraft will be used on Oman Air’s European and Far-Eastern sectors. Configured with 30 award-winning flat-bed business class suites, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircraft is designed by BE Aerospace and 258 economy class seats. Abdulaziz Alraisi, Executive Vice President Products and Brand Development, said: “Oman Air is adding new aircraft to its fast growing fleet to keep up with the expansion programme. The delivery of new aircraft is part of Oman Air’s ambitious and dynamic programme of fleet and network expansion. Oman Air is continuing to invest in providing guests with the best possible on board experience.” With the addition of the new Boeing B787-9, Oman Air’s fleet stands at 52. Currently Oman Air’s fleet consists of six Boeing 787 Dreamliners, six Airbus 330-300s, four Airbus 330-200s, five Boeing 737-900s, 26 Boeing 737-800, one Boeing 737-700 and four Embraer 175s. < Previous PageNext Page > Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. STAY UPDATED Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know all the latest news Sign Up More in Oman Agreements for financing three development projects at Sur in Oman signed Al Injaz Private School exhibition showcases works of students Ibra pipe collapse incident on private project, says Oman's officials Gallery +25 ° C +25° +25° Muscat Tuesday, 15 Wednesday +25° +24° Thursday +24° +23° Friday +24° +23° Saturday +24° +23° Sunday +24° +23° Monday +24° +23° See 7-Day Forecast Recommended for you Omani’s solo aid trek to Yemen Nesting season for turtles begins in Oman PREVIOUS ARTICLE Saluting young trailblazers NEXT ARTICLE Short stay visa hike, easier visas for four countries in Oman Oman #OmanPride World Sports Opinion Business Technology Lifestyle Entertainment Advertising RSS Feeds Subscription TOO Apps Classifieds E Paper About us Blog Jobs Contact us Request a Quote Copyright © 2017 Muscat Media Group. Times of Oman is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Newsletter
﻿ Menu  TMG Corporate website Adomonline website Multi-TV website Joy Fm Luv Fm Adom Fm Nhyira Fm Hitz Fm Asempa Fm Services About Us Contact us Advertisements Our Daily Bread Partners Google DW BBC Rancard Zenolive Media Photos Videos Audio Live Radio Live TV Social  RSS Feeds  Facebook  Twitter  Youtube  Google plus  LinkedIn  Instagram Community Sign in Newsletter Download App Features Special Assignment HotLine coming soon Events Bridal Fair Old Skuul Reunion Elections More Mynews Weather Stock Market Menu Classic View Home News Politics Sports Business Entertainment Opinion World Elections Live Radio Watch Live TV Photos Audio Videos TV More Apple hires Google executives for new hardware team Apple hires Google executives for new hardware team Source: Bloomberg Date: 24-04-2017 Time: 05:04:39:am After revolutionizing phones, Apple is testing self-driving cars and exploring augmented reality. Recent hires suggest the company is now also looking to the skies. The iPhone maker has recruited a pair of top Google satellite executives for a new hardware team, according to people familiar with the matter. John Fenwick, who led Google's spacecraft operations, and Michael Trela, head of satellite engineering, left Alphabet Inc.'s Google for Apple in recent weeks, the people said. They report to Greg Duffy, co-founder of camera maker Dropcam, who joined Apple earlier this year, the people said. They asked not to be identified talking about Apple's private plans. An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment, as did Google. Fenwick, Trela and Duffy didn't respond to requests for comment. A lure for technology companies like Apple, Google and Facebook is to connect billions of people who don't have internet access yet.  Photo: AP With the recruits, Apple is bringing into its ranks two experts in the demanding, expensive field of satellite design and operation. At the moment, these endeavours typically fall into two fields: satellites for collecting images and those for communications. In a regulatory filing last year, Boeing detailed a plan to provide broadband access through more than 1,000 satellites in low-earth orbit. The aerospace company has talked with Apple about the technology company being an investor-partner in the project, a person familiar with the situation said. It's unclear if those talks will result in a deal. At the annual Satellite 2017 conference in Washington D.C. last month, industry insiders said Boeing's project was being funded by Apple, Tim Farrar, a satellite and telecom consultant at TMF wrote in a recent blog. A Boeing spokesman declined to comment. "It's not hard to discern why Apple might want to consider a satellite constellation," Farrar wrote, noting a Wall Street Journal report that Elon Musk's Space Exploration Technologies has forecast US$30 billion in revenue from satellite internet by 2025. A lure for technology companies like Apple, Google and Facebook is to connect billions of people who don't have internet access yet. The broadband services being explored by Boeing and others would feature low latency and faster speeds than existing cellular systems. "You have a new wave of enthusiastic people who aren't inhibited by the hard knocks of the past," said Roger Rusch, who heads satellite consulting firm TelAstra. Still, TMF's Farrar said there's no guarantee Apple will get involved in the Boeing project. The satellite industry is littered with bankruptcies and other failures. Satellite telephone company Iridium LLC filed for bankruptcy protection in 1999, and Teledesic abandoned its "internet from the sky" plan more than a decade ago. Indeed, Apple may have hired the Google executives for something other than satellite work. It's already trying to use drones to capture and update map information faster than its existing fleet of camera-and-sensor ladened minivans. And in 2015, it acquired Aether Industries LLC, which develops near-space technology such as high bandwidth radio transceivers and high-altitude balloons. Duffy, Fenwick and Trela's new boss, has mostly consumer product experience from Dropcam. It's internet-connected security camera stored images and video of homes and sent alerts to a smartphone app. Alphabet's Nest acquired the business in 2014. After a tumultuous stint there, Duffy joined Apple to form a new team reporting Dan Riccio, who oversees hardware teams for the iPhone, iPad, Mac and Apple's augmented reality efforts, the people familiar with the matter said. Fenwick and Trela joined Alphabet's Google in 2014 when the search giant acquired Skybox Imaging, their satellite-imaging start-up, for US$500 million. However, this year Google sold the renamed business, Terra Bella, to startup Planet Labs, a one-time Skybox rival. Google also planned to invest about $1 billion in an internal satellite internet initiative run by industry veteran Greg Wyler, however Wyler left to start satellite communications firm OneWeb, and Google ended up investing $1 billion in SpaceX. Fenwick co-founded Skybox Imaging in 2009 while Trela joined soon after as the company's first outside hire, according to their LinkedIn profiles. Skybox produced satellites about the size of a refrigerator, equipped to take detailed, near-constant images of the earth's surface. Prior to entering the startup world, Fenwick served in the US Air Force and Trela was a spacecraft engineer at John Hopkins University. What others are reading Front pages: Tuesday, April 25, 2017 ‘Govt not anti-mining’: Amewu promises alternatives for sacked illegal miners Latest Stories ‘Govt not anti-mining’: Amewu promises alternatives for sacked illegal miners Front pages: Tuesday, April 25, 2017 10 MTN Heroes of Change touch lives in health, education and economic empowerment BoG, others summoned as PAC hearing on 2015 Auditor General’s report begins Govt policy will make state-owned media self-sustaining - Hamid Previous article Travel, tourism contributed GH¢4.5bn to 2015 GDP Next article Nuns who denounce Christ and sell weed say they aren't scared of Trump LIFESTYLE Best snacks for people with type 2 diabetes ODD NEWS 12-year-old drives 800 miles across Australia before police stop him AUTOS The Junction Mall Auto Show TECHNOLOGY Wikipedia founder creates news service OBITUARY Mr. Robert Thompson Orleans-Pobee ELECTIONS EC holds district elections in Nkoranza after 2015 disruption Home News Politics Business Sports World News Opinion More Sections Entertainment Elections Health Odd News Automobile Technology Media Audio on Demand Photo Gallery Online Radio Videos On Demand Live TV Social RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook Youtube Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Myjoyonline Advertise Online Team Privacy Policy Services Contact us Feedback Our daily bread
menu Sections Tuesday, April 25, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION business / Corporate share this PAL to deploy 2 B777s on flights to London, US INQUIRER.net / 01:07 PM April 24, 2017 Two Boeing 777–300 ER units, slated for delivery in December, will be deployed on Philippine Airlines flights to London and the US. “The Boeing aircraft will serve the Manila–London route, a move designed to primarily enhance the total passenger travel experience and inflight service delivery. While we already have eight triple 7s serving the West Coast, the incoming units will also augment other trans-pacific flights”, PAL President and Chief Operating Officer Jaime J. Bautista said Monday. “The Boeing 777 is our flagship aircraft for long-haul operations. With its range and operational capability, the flag carrier will be at par with other full service carriers along the route. We will also increase capacity as the aircraft will have a 370-seating capacity on a two–class configuration (42 on business and 328 on economy) as compared to the 254-seating capacity of the A340,” Bautista added. ADVERTISEMENT The acquisition of the carrier’s 9th and 10th B777s is based on a long-term lease agreement with Intrepid Aviation. During the 2016 delivery of PAL’s 7th and 8th B777, Intrepid president and chief commercial officer Doug Winter said, “Intrepid and Philippine Airlines have enjoyed a strong partnership dating back to 2013. The Philippines is currently one of the fastest-growing economies in Asia and the airline has been enjoying a strong, profitable growth trajectory over the past few years.” PAL aims to be the country’s full-service five star airline in five years. The journey towards reaching this goal is the implementation of flagship initiatives such as fleet modernization which includes the acquisition of six brand new Airbus A3350s for delivery starting mid-2018 and the reconfiguration of eight monoclass Airbus A330s to tri-class lay-out by mid July. AU Subscribe to INQUIRER PLUS to get access to The Philippine Daily Inquirer & other 70+ titles, share up to 5 gadgets, listen to the news, download as early as 4am & share articles on social media. Call 896 6000. play_circle_filled How Supt. Nobleza’s romance with an Abu terrorist blossomed April 24, 2017 play_circle_filled Duterte wants policewoman reportedly linked to Abu Sayyaf jailed April 24, 2017 play_circle_filled North Korea warns of all-out war over US provocations April 24, 2017 play_circle_filled Duterte: Proposed law on ROTC revival in the works April 23, 2017 TAGS: Air Transport, Boeing 777-300, Business, London, Philippine Airlines, US For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING newsinfo How Supt. Nobleza’s romance with an Abu terrorist blossomed  April 24, 2017 newsinfo Italian waitress saves money for 2 years to marry Indonesian villager April 24, 2017 newsinfo Farmers’ group occupies land in Hacienda Luisita April 25, 2017 globalnation Duterte, 11 others accused of crimes against humanity before ICC April 24, 2017 entertainment After ‘fake’ Hermes bag rants, Brunei-based Pinay makes peace with Pia Wurtzbach April 24, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
language:English Thursday, October 24, 2013 Language Language www english german italy portuguese french russian espanol malay vietnamese laos cambodian thai indonesian filipino myanmar japanese korean mongol nepal hindi bengali turkish persian arabic Open search News Video Travel Photos Learn Chinese City Guide Free Mail Domestic airliner in final tests Updated 2017-04-24 09:00:58 China Daily Nation's first passenger jet includes innovations beyond Boeing, Airbus The C919, the much-anticipated first commercial aircraft for passengers to be made in China, has taken another step closer to its maiden flight by completing its fourth high-speed taxiing test on Sunday in Shanghai. It was the C919's first test with the front landing gear of the plane slightly lifted to simulate takeoff. The single-aisle, 168-seat, twin-engine jet is now just one step away from its first flight, according to Shanghai-based Commercial Aircraft Corp of China, the State-owned manufacturer. Also on Saturday, the C919 received a flight permit from the Civil Aviation Administration of China. It has acquired all the necessary certificates to prepare for its first flight. Wang Yanan, editor-in-chief of Aerospace Knowledge magazine, said high-speed taxiing tests are usually conducted at speeds of 230 to 260 kilometers per hour. Judging from current progress, the C919 may need only a few more ground tests, if any, he said. "Usually, every high-speed test on the ground will be conducted at a faster speed than the previous one, becoming increasingly similar to the real conditions of takeoff. It could be approved quickly if everything went right and no big technical faults occurred," Wang said. Fu Qianshao, a researcher at an aviation magazine affiliated with the People's Liberation Army Air Force, said the airliner boasts a series of design and technology innovations based on in-depth research into its international counterparts－specifically Boeing's B737 and the Airbus A320. For instance, the C919's front windshield consists of only four pieces, a design that is said to be more fuel efficient and stronger than designs with more panels. "Do not underestimate the importance of windshield design," Fu said. "Compared with the Boeing 737's traditional six panels of windshield glass, it is a huge improvement when it comes to the strength of its body structure, air resistance and fuel efficiency." Also, to accommodate more powerful turbofan engines, the C919's designers needed to strengthen the landing gear of the aircraft and make them taller. The domestically manufactured plane, which uses a great deal of composite materials, is expected to be relatively light and fuel-efficient compared with its competitors, including the updated A320 and the new-generation B737, which currently dominate the market. So far, COMAC had received 570 orders for the C919 from 23 clients, including domestic airlines such as Air China, China Southern, China Eastern, Hainan Airlines and Sichuan Airlines. Overseas orders account for about 10 percent of the total, including airlines from Germany and Thailand, and others from the Asia Pacific region and Africa. The C919, China's first domestically produced passenger jet, undergoes its fourth high-speed taxiing test in Shanghai on Sunday. YIN LIQIN/CHINA DAILY Also in the News Showbiz2016/06/16 13:58April 25 2017 15:03:48 Nicole Kidman Recalls Oscar Glory: Loneliest Time Attending Shanghai International Film Festival, Nicole Kidman talks about her role in "Grace of Monaco". Also in the News2014/05/01 12:16April 25 2017 15:03:48 Labor Day Travel Peak Starts Also in the News2014/04/18 13:18April 25 2017 15:03:48 Johnny Depp Delivers a Speech 'Evolve the Future' in 'Transcendence' Hollywood star Johnny Depp's speech in the upcoming new film "Transcendence" has been disclosed on Friday, April 11th. Most Viewed Audio Reports CRI Director-General Wang Gengnian's 2017 New Year Speech Immersion Corporation Partner with Letv to Produce 4D Phones China's Import Tax Cut to Reduce Revenue and Bolster Consumption Short Selling of Stocks Opens to overseas Investors Sydney Celebrates Chinese New Year with Terracotta Warrior Lanterns Most Watched Specials Beijing Sets Up 1st Emergency Relief Unit for Blind Shanghai Sets up First Police Emergency Unit Jiangxi's "No.1 Bee Man" Breaks Guinness World Record A Day of a Tian'anmen Square Patrolman during Lianghui News: China World Business Sports Showbiz Audio Video: C4 My Chinese Life The Sound Stage China Revealed Showbiz Video Travel Video Photos: China World Fun Travel Entertainment Sports Travel: Beijing Shanghai Guangzhou Lifestyle: Live Music Opera & Classical Movies Traditional Shows Exhibitions Learn Chinese: Chinese Studio Living Chinese Everyday Chinese Just For Fun Chinese Culture Buzzwords About China.com|About GMG|Ad Services|Contact Information|Copyright Notice Copyright © China.com All Rights Reserved
null
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics SBUX QCOM Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More T-Mobile reports Q1 beat, takes a bite into Verizon, AT&T >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Just Buy Boeing Co (BA) Stock Ahead of Earnings Boeing faces headwinds, but BA stock will likely meet or even exceed guidance By Laura Hoy, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Apr 24, 2017, 12:42 pm EDT     View All   Popular Posts: Should You Buy Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock or General Motors Company (GM)? GoPro Inc (GPRO) Stock Isn’t Fooling Anyone … Or At Least It Shouldn’t 3 Pharmaceutical Stocks to Sell Before They Take a Dive Recent Posts: Just Buy Boeing Co (BA) Stock Ahead of Earnings 3 Reasons AT&T Inc. (T) Is the Best Telecom Pick 3 Pharmaceutical Stocks to Sell Before They Take a Dive View All Posts Aerospace firm Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) has had a bumper year so far. The firm’s share price is up nearly 40% from a year ago and investor sentiment surrounding the stock has been positive. BA stock has been able to ride the Trump rally wave since the November elections and despite worries about a slump in new plane orders, the firm has said investors will see per-share earnings rise by 36% in 2017. Source: Wikimedia Now, with Boeing set to report earnings on Wednesday, investors are wondering whether the figures will show that BA is on track to keep those promises. Boeing is certainly up against a fair few headwinds, but I believe that the firm’s diversified portfolio and cost-cutting efforts will be enough to offset disappointment in its commercial airline business. Dealing With the Problem There has been a lot of concern surrounding BA stock based on a slowdown in new commercial airline orders. Just last week, Middle Eastern airline Emirates announced a 20% cut in its U.S. flying. This is not the first time that Middle Eastern carriers have shown signs of slowing down, and their reduced capacity will translate into fewer orders for Boeing. While the Boeing’s backlog of orders was expected to make up for a sales slump now, BA’s profit margins have taken a hit, falling to just 4.8% last year from highs of 10.9% in 2013. That’s certainly something investors should take on board, but Boeing isn’t planning to just wait it out. Management announced that it would be cutting hundreds of engineers’ jobs this summer. That news followed the firm’s decision to lay off  some 1,800 mechanics and engineers earlier this year. Sure, the layoffs suggest that Boeing is suffering more than expected from weakness in its commercial airlines business, but they also show that management is committed to making good on its promises to shareholders in 2017. Cost cuts are a necessary evil for Boeing and the firm is doing what it can to mitigate damage and improve profits. These measures are likely to give management the confidence to stand behind its earlier fiscal 2017 guidance, which will help BA stock continue on its upward trajectory following its earnings release. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/just-buy-boeing-co-ba-stock-ahead-of-earnings/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Every Investor Should Own 3 South Korean Stocks Feeling the Heat 7 Really Weird ETFs You May Want to Buy TWTR Has a Savior 3 Home Improvement Stocks to Buy for Unstoppable Gains Apple Wants to Make Recycled iPhones ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Every Investor Should Own 7 Really Weird ETFs to Buy Now 3 South Korean Stocks That Are Feeling the Heat 3 Home Improvement Stocks to Buy for Unstoppable Gains 3 Downtrodden Stocks That You Need to Short Now Most Popular 5 Tech Stocks to Buy for Growth AND Dividends The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Next Decade 7 Short Squeeze Stocks That Will Be Shot Into Orbit 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year 7 Healthcare Stocks With A-Rated Prospects How to Trade Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Stock Around Q1 Earnings Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News General Election World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices New Commercial Crew Vehicles Could Serve As Space Station 'Lifeboats' Space.com Elizabeth Howell Space.com Contributor 15 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Titanic stewardess' fur coat fetches £150k at auction Labour plan to frustrate Brexit by scrapping Great Repeal Bill © NASA SpaceX's and Boeing's commercial spacecraft, slated to begin bringing crew to the International Space Station as early as next year, will be able to serve as temporary shelter or lifeboats if there were to be dangerous situations on the station. New commercial crew spacecraft for the International Space Station will be able to do more than just carry astronauts to the orbiting lab: They will also serve as temporary shelters, or even fly crew home, if there is an emergency in space, according to NASA.  Currently, in dangerous situations, such as when a piece of orbital debris threatens the space station, crewmembers take shelter in the Russian Soyuz spacecraft. And if a medical emergency were to arise that could not be handled in orbit, the crew would head back to Earth in the Soyuz craft. The SpaceX Dragon and the Boeing CST-100 commercial crew spacecraft are both set to start crewed flights as early as next year, and NASA is working to ensure that these new spacecraft will serve most of the Russian spacecraft's protective functions, agency officials said in a statement. [ISS Tour: Russian Segment & Soyuz Spacecraft (Video)] "The scenarios that would call for the spacecraft to operate as space-borne lifeboats have not occurred on the International Space Station before, but mission planners have long made sure they are prepared," NASA officials added.  "An electrical issue or ammonia leak on the space station could call for astronauts to shelter inside a Commercial Crew Program spacecraft long enough to correct the problem." Today, the space station typically has six people on board, made up of two separate Soyuz crews, although the number sometimes reaches nine. Each person has an assigned emergency seat that he or she would use if the need were to arise. Therefore, the number of emergency seats limits how many people can be on the spacecraft at one time.  The Russian Soyuz can seat up to three people at a time. Depending on the crew configuration, the Dragon and CST-100 vehicles will each seat up to seven crewmembers. However, the new spacecraft must meet a strict list of NASA requirements to serve as a lifeboat. Specifically, NASA said the spacecraft must be able to turn on quickly, even after sitting dormant at a docking station for weeks or months. "Some systems will take longer to bring online, but the idea is to have spacecraft that astronauts can get into quickly for survival and then use to pull away from the station and come home if that is needed," Kathy Lueders, manager of NASA's Commercial Crew Program, said in the statement. "Defining exactly what that means, and what the companies can do to make it real, was the hard part. That's why we took a teamwork approach from the start and why we've treated this as a partnership." Both Boeing and SpaceX are performing Earth-based tests of their spacecraft before doing in-orbit evaluations with a crew on board. After that, they will test their spacecraft's capabilities during a short mission. "Their performances in space — without an actual emergency — are to be considered carefully before NASA certifies the companies to fly operational missions, which could see a spacecraft docked to the station for months at a time," agency officials added. Follow Elizabeth Howell @howellspace, or Space.com @Spacedotcom. We're also on Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Space.com Newfound alien planet is best place yet to search for life Space.com The possibility of silicon-based life grows Space.com Powerful black hole found within 'unique' galaxy merger Space.com Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Decision time for GOP on Trump’s wall and government shutdown Trump’s prisoner dilemma Obama returns — and avoids Trump Ivanka Trump faces skeptical audience in Berlin Obama’s hidden Iran deal giveaway Republicans sound alarm on Trump's troubles ahead of 2018 Politico Morning Defense A daily briefing from inside Washington’s national security apparatus Get the Morning Defense Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Mattis arrives in Afghanistan to assess the war By Gregory Hellman 04/24/17 08:30 AM EDT With Zach Montellaro, Connor O’Brien and Jacqueline Klimas BREAKING THIS MORNING — MATTIS ARRIVES IN AFGHANISTAN TO ASSESS THE WAR, reports The Associated Press: “U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis arrived unannounced in Afghanistan on Monday to assess America's longest war as the Trump administration weighs sending more troops. Story Continued Below “Kabul was the final stop on a six-nation, weeklong tour Mattis said was intended to bolster relations with allies and partners and to get an update on the stalemated conflict in Afghanistan. He is the first member of President Donald Trump's Cabinet to visit Afghanistan. “Gen. John Nicholson, the top American commander in Kabul, recently told Congress that he needs a few thousand more troops to keep Afghan security forces on track to eventually handling the Taliban insurgency on their own.” — TALIBAN RAMPAGES AGAINST AFGHAN ARMY, writes The New York Times: “They looked like Afghan Army soldiers returning from the front lines, carrying the bodies of wounded comrades as part of the ruse. “Dressed in military uniforms, a squad of 10 Taliban militants drove in two army Ford Ranger trucks past seven checkpoints. They arrived inside northern Afghanistan’s largest military installation just as hundreds, perhaps thousands, of unarmed soldiers were emerging from Friday Prayers and preparing for lunch. “For the next five hours, the militants went on a rampage, killing at least 140 soldiers and officers in what is emerging as the single deadliest known attack on an Afghan military base in the country’s 16-year war. Some assailants blew themselves up among the soldiers fleeing for their lives, according to survivors, witnesses and officials. “‘Today, there was even a shortage of coffins,’ said Ibrahim Khairandish, a member of the provincial council in Balkh Province, where the attack took place. Other officials feared that the death toll could exceed 200.” And top Afghan military officials resign following the attack, the AP reports. DRIVING THE WEEK AT HOME — TRUMP AND CONGRESS EYE SHUTDOWN SHOWDOWN OVER BORDER WALL, POLITICO’s Rachael Bade, Burgess Everett, Kyle Cheney write: “President Donald Trump and Congress are on a collision course over government funding this week, as the White House demands money for a border wall with Mexico and Democrats vow it will never see a penny. “But just five days out from a government shutdown, Trump appears headed for disappointment. Democrats are signaling they’re unlikely to cave, and Hill Republicans are already pressing the administration to fight another day. “That means the White House is largely on its own in a high-stakes game of political chicken, weakening its negotiating position.” The defense increase is still up in the air, via our colleague Connor O’Brien: Most congressional Democrats aren’t steadfastly opposed to the inclusion of extra defense spending in a spending deal for the rest of this fiscal year, but many are wary of the president’s $30 billion supplemental war request — especially as long as the White House also seeks $18 billion in cuts to domestic agencies this year. That the request might be included in the same package as funding for border wall construction has only further complicated the prospects for the extra Pentagon cash. At the same time, Republicans have struggled among themselves to reach agreement on the level of defense spending and whether they should give the Pentagon more time beyond the end of this fiscal year, ending Sept. 30, to spend that money, which would go toward extra weapons procurement, readiness and warfighting. Meanwhile, CNN reports the Defense secretary has told Congress the president’s White House budget request for the new 2018 fiscal year won’t cover the cost of rebuilding the military as he wants. And Pence cuts his Asia-Pacific trip short by a day to return to Washington to help stave of a government showdown and push the president's agenda in Congress as he approaches his 100th day if office: POLITICO TRUMP’S NUCLEAR POLICY LIKELY TO SHIFT FROM OBAMA’S, writes our colleague Jacqueline Klimas: “The new Trump administration’s review of the nation's nuclear posture is likely to yield significant changes in the role of nuclear weapons in securing the country, some experts suggest. “Still, while the messaging and rhetoric might change, few are expecting much deviation from the nuclear triad modernization and procurement plan laid out by former President Barack Obama, already criticized by some as being too expensive and ambitious at a cost of about $1 trillion over 30 years.” NORTH KOREA THREATENS USS CARL VINSON, reports Reuters: “North Korea said on Sunday it was ready to sink a U.S. aircraft carrier to demonstrate its military might, as two Japanese navy ships joined a U.S. carrier group for exercises in the western Pacific. “U.S. President Donald Trump ordered the USS Carl Vinson carrier strike group to sail to waters off the Korean peninsula in response to rising tension over the North's nuclear and missile tests, and its threats to attack the United States and its Asian allies. “The United States has not specified where the carrier strike group is as it approaches the area. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said on Saturday it would arrive ‘within days’ but gave no other details.” The inside story of the Carl Vinson saga: Navy Times And China hacks South Korea in retaliation for its deployment of an American missile defense system, writes The Wall Street Journal. — MEANWHILE, NORTH KOREA DETAINS ANOTHER U.S. CITIZEN, reports the NYT: “North Korea has detained a United States citizen, the Swedish Embassy in Pyongyang and a university chancellor said Sunday, raising the number of Americans thought to be held by the secretive nation to three. “The arrest, if confirmed, would further complicate Washington’s relations with the country at a particularly tense moment. “The man, Tony Kim, who also goes by his Korean name, Kim Sang-duk, was detained on Saturday, Park Chan-mo, the chancellor of Pyongyang University of Science and Technology, told The Associated Press.” And China’s President Xi urges restraint in a phone call with President Trump, the NYT adds. IT’S MONDAY AND WELCOME TO MORNING DEFENSE, where we're always on the lookout for tips, pitches and feedback. Email us at ghellman@politico.com, and follow on Twitter @greg_hellman, @morningdefense and @politicopro. HAPPENING TODAY AT THE WHITE HOUSE: The president lunches with the ambassadors to the countries on the United Nations Security Council — and has dinner with Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain (R-Ariz.) and another senior committee member, Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.). ALSO THIS WEEK — CONGRESS TAKES A LOOK AT PACOM: U.S. Pacific Command Commander Adm. Harry Harris testifies Wednesday in a closed hearing for the House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee and Thursday in an open hearing for the Senate Armed Services Committee on forces in Korea and throughout the region. The hearings come as the Senate heads to the White House Wednesday for a briefing on North Korea’s provocative behavior, writes POLITICO’s Burgess Everett. — NAVY CHIEF SPEAKS AT BROOKINGS: Chief of Naval Operations Adm. John Richardson takes part in a discussion on the service's challenges and priorities at the Brookings Institution on Thursday. MORNING D TRIVIA: Robert Mullins was the first to correctly answer that President Ulysses S. Grant’s full given name was Hiram Ulysses Grant. He changed it on the first day he enrolled at West Point in 1839 after he found his name incorrectly listed as Ulysses Simpson Grant by the congressman who nominated him. He kept it because he liked the patriotic abbreviation: U.S. Grant. Tune in Friday for this week’s question. ** A message from Huntington Ingalls Industries: As the largest military shipbuilder in America, Huntington Ingalls Industries provides our nation with six classes of military ships. Our nearly 37,000 employees worldwide stand ready to help shape America’s freedom in the 21st century. Learn more at HuntingtonIngalls.com ** WAR REPORT — ISRAEL STRIKES A SYRIAN WEAPONS DEPOT, via Bloomberg: “Israeli airstrikes killed an unknown number of Syrian soldiers at a weapons depot in rural Quneitra province, Al Jazeera TV reported. “An Israeli army spokeswoman declined to comment. Sunday’s strike came after several projectiles from Syria hit the Israeli-controlled Golan Heights on Friday and the army returned fired at areas where the launching originated.” — DoD IG: IRAQ TRAIN-AND-EQUIP WEAPONS TIED UP IN IRAQI RED TAPE, reports Defense News: “There are warehouses full of weapons and equipment to train Iraqi counterterror troops fighting the Islamic State group, but Iraqi red tape is keeping it locked up, according to a Pentagon watchdog agency. “Tight controls on first‑aid kits, ammunition, body armor, vehicles and weapon‑cleaning supplies was hindering American trainers, and the likely performance in combat for Iraq Counterterrorism Service trainees. This was just one of the problems with their training that the Department of Defense Inspector General advised fixes for, according to a report released Friday.” And fighting in Mosul spurs migrations in and out of the city, Reuters reports. U.S WARNS SOMALI PIRATES ARE BACK, reports the AP: “Pirates have returned to the waters off Somalia, but the spike in attacks on commercial shipping does not yet constitute a trend, senior U.S. officials said Sunday. “The attacks follow about a five-year respite for the region, where piracy had grown to crisis proportions during the 2010-2012 period, drawing the navies of the United States and other nations into a lengthy campaign against the pirates. “U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis told reporters at a military base in the African nation of Djibouti, near the Gulf of Aden, that even if the piracy problem persists, he would not expect it to require significant involvement by the U.S. military.” INDUSTRY INTEL — BOEING REBUFFS F-15C RETIREMENT PROPOSAL, via Defense News: “The U.S. Air Force is contemplating a controversial proposal to retire its fleet of air superiority F-15C/D Eagles sometime after 2020, but manufacturer Boeing says the service has already put the jets on a path that will keep them in service and relevant into the 2030s. “By replacing the aircraft’s longerons — the thin strips of material that make up the skeleton of an aircraft — the Air Force can extend the life of the F-15C/D past 2030 for about $1 million per aircraft, Boeing’s vice president of F-15 programs, Steve Parker, said during an April 17 interview.” INFLUENCE RUNDOWN — Q1 LOBBYING DECLINES SLIGHTLY, from Connor: The top 20 defense contractors spent $28.8 million on lobbying in the first three months of this year, a slight decline from the $29 million spent during the same period last year, according to an analysis of new lobbying disclosures. Northrop Grumman, Boeing and Lockheed Martin — the top three firms in lobbying spending — all decreased their expenditures in the first quarter of this year over last year, as did shipbuilder Huntington Ingalls Industries. Defense contractors notably spending more on lobbying during this first quarter include United Technologies with $3.1 million, up $760,000 over last year; General Dynamics with $3 million, up just under $500,000; Raytheon at $1.5 million, up $440,000; BAE Systems at 830,000, up $190,000; and drone maker General Atomics with $1.1 million, up $130,000. So why the decline? Dissecting lobbying spending can be tough, but defense influencers note many top-level Pentagon vacancies and the lack of a formal budget request for the new fiscal year may have put a damper on lobbying activity during the first months of the new Trump administration. "In a normal year — or even something close to it — we would have a budget request by this point, with hearings and markups and staff briefings" one defense lobbyist told Morning D, adding that "no budget makes it difficult to lobby on specific programs." MAKING MOVES I — FORMER REP. JEFF MILLER JOINS WASHINGTON LOBBYING FIRM: Former Rep. Jeff Miller (R-Fla.) joins the law firm McDermott Will & Emery today as a senior legislative adviser. Miller, who chaired the House Veterans' Affairs Committee and was a senior member of the House Armed Services and Intelligence Committees, joins a lobbying practice that includes former Rep. Jim Moran (D-Va.). Miller said he expects to lobby on the full spectrum of issues, but will likely focus on his past committee assignments. "It's pretty much a blank canvass for me," Miller told Morning D. "I can help in any area that I'm needed, or I can bring different clients to them that may not otherwise have sought them out." The former congressman, who retired after the 2016 elections, was an early supporter of Trump and helped craft his 10-point plan for reforming the VA. Miller said he intends to formally register as a lobbyist soon, but will limit his lobbying to the Executive Branch until his one-year cooling-off period ends after leaving Congress. MAKING MOVES II — SAUDI ARABIAN KING TAPS A SON AS THE NEW AMBASSADOR TO U.S., writes the AP: “Saudi Arabia's King Salman issued a decree late Saturday naming one of his sons, an air force pilot who has taken part in coalition strikes against the Islamic State group, as the kingdom's new ambassador to the U.S. “The appointment of Prince Khaled bin Salman to Washington signals the kingdom's eagerness to strengthen bilateral ties under President Donald Trump. As the king's son, the prince has a direct line to the Saudi monarch.” SPEED READ — Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen advance in the French presidential election: POLITICO — The Iran deal: The full picture: POLITICO — U.S. special forces kill a “close associate” of the Islamic State leader: NYT — In Venezuela, armed civilians help prop up the president: NYT — A monitor for international group observing the conflict in eastern Ukraine is killed: WSJ — Massive retaliation on the South limits the United States’ ability to strike North Korea: The Washington Post — Russian military planes continue to buzz U.S. airspace near Alaska: WSJ — Russia hacked the Danish Defense Ministry for two years: Reuters — A Navy officer who was briefly captured by Iran will be allowed to remain in the service: Stars and Stripes — Al Qaeda poses a resurgent threat to the U.S. WSJ — The Navy restricts the T-45C Goshawk to 5,000 ft. after an instructor pilot reports headaches: Aviation Week ** A message from Huntington Ingalls Industries: Huntington Ingalls Industries is America's largest military shipbuilding company and a provider of professional services to partners in government and industry. For more than a century, HII’s Newport News and Ingalls shipbuilding divisions in Virginia and Mississippi have built more ships in more ship classes than any other U.S. naval shipbuilder. HII’s Technical Solutions division provides a wide range of professional services through its Fleet Support, Integrated Missions Solutions, Nuclear & Environmental, and Oil & Gas groups. Our nearly 37,000 employees worldwide stand ready to help shape America’s freedom in the 21st century. Huntington Ingalls Industries, Hard Stuff Done Right. Learn more at HuntingtonIngalls.com. ** « View Archives Authors: Gregory Hellman ghellman@politico.com About The Author Gregory Hellman is a Defense Reporter Most Read Obama’s hidden Iran deal giveaway Republicans sound alarm on Trump's troubles ahead of 2018 State Department, U.S. embassies promoted Trump's Mar-a-Lago Schumer mocks Sessions: I'll ride the subway with you at 4 a.m. Obama returns — and avoids Trump Ivanka Trump faces skeptical audience in Berlin Trump blasts recent approval rating polls as 'fake news' Trump disses the United Nations as an ‘underperformer’ Decision time for GOP on Trump’s wall and government shutdown Why Paul Wolfowitz Is Optimistic About Trump Morning Defense - POLITICO Archive Monday, 4/24/17 Friday, 4/21/17 Thursday, 4/20/17 Wednesday, 4/19/17 Tuesday, 4/18/17 View the Full Morning Defense Archives » Politico Magazine Why Democrats Are Dropping More F-Bombs Than Ever By Alex Caton Why Trump’s Budget Terrifies America’s Mayors By Aidan Quigley Trump’s Foreign Policy: 100 Days of Global Bafflement By Aaron David Miller and Richard Sokolsky Trump’s Fake War on the Fake News By Ben Schreckinger and Hadas Gold More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Fujitsu to Supply Boeing with RFID Technology to Manage Aircraft Components TOKYO, Apr, 24 2017 – (JCN Newswire) – Fujitsu Limited today announced that it has signed a contract to supply The Boeing Company with FUJITSU RFID Integrated Labels, as part of a Boeing project to implement RFID technology that improves the efficiency of lifecycle management for aircraft components. With this project, by attaching RFID labels to major aircraft components from the manufacturing stage for all aircraft, Boeing will be able to manage individual components, achieve accurate traceability, and raise the efficiency of its aircraft maintenance work. Fujitsu RFID labels have a track record with major aircraft manufacturers, and Fujitsu continues to provide this robust technology as the de facto standard for RFID part marking in the aviation industry. Background Boeing manages information about an aircraft’s constituent components and provides airlines with a component list called an Aircraft Readiness Log (ARL) at time of delivery, as a delivered configuration. In order for an aircraft to safely operate for as long as thirty years, strict configuration management of components is necessary, but because this task previously had to be done by an employee visually checking and manually entering the data, it required a great deal of time. In response to these issues, Boeing is moving forward on automatically generated ARLs by using RFID labels, and has now decided to deploy the labels to its manufacturing lines. Effects of Implementation By attaching Fujitsu’s RFID labels to the approximately seven thousand aircraft components that make up a single aircraft and automatically generating an ARL, Boeing aims to digitally manage component information and greatly improve task efficiency, including cutting man hours worked and reducing human error. In this way, aircraft delivery tasks are also becoming more efficient, supporting improved productivity in aircraft manufacturing. In addition, by using the digitized ARL, airlines can ensure accurate traceability for components, enabling secure and rapid support during maintenance or when a fault occurs. Moreover, by using RFID labels in inventory management and stocktaking tasks, efficiencies in logistics operations and inventory optimization can also be expected. About the Fujitsu RFID Integrated Label and Related Solutions Using technology from Fujitsu Laboratories Ltd., the RFID Integrated Labels developed by Fujitsu meet the SAE AS5678 standard(1) environmental tolerance specifications demanded by aircraft, and adhere to the airline industry standard ATA Spec 2000(2) RFID data format. Given that these standards are highly rated, Boeing has now become the latest aircraft manufacturer to adopt Fujitsu’s RFID labels. In addition to RFID labels, Fujitsu provides a total package of related solutions, including RFID readers, data writing label printers, and software, enabling easy RFID deployments for customers. http://www.acnnewswire.com/topimg/Low_FujitsuBoeingRFIDFig1.jpg Figure 1: FUJITSU RFID Integrated Label http://www.acnnewswire.com/topimg/Low_FujitsuBoeingRFIDFig2.jpg Figure 2: Component management solutions supporting RFID for the aviation industry Future Plans In the first half of fiscal 2017, Fujitsu is planning to launch a new, cheaper and more flexible, RFID label that meets the SAE AS5678 and ATA Spec 2000 standard and comes with two kilobits of memory, aimed at other aircraft parts such as emergency equipment in aircraft. Going forward Fujitsu will also roll out a number of applications using RFID labels attached to aircraft components to improve the efficiency of various businesses, including airlines, aircraft component manufacturers, and maintenance companies, supporting the implementation of IoT in a number of businesses across the aviation industry. (1) SAE AS5678 standard Issued by the Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE) in December 2006, SAE AS5678 is a standard defining environmental specifications and test methods for passive RFID labels used in aviation applications. SAE has categorized and defined environmental specifications for RFID label use in the three environmental categories of „Standard,” „Robust,” and „Harsh.” (2) ATA Spec 2000 A standards document promulgated by Airlines for America (A4A), formerly known as Air Transport Association of America, Inc. (ATA), that defines information exchange and processing sequences for aircraft parts, materials and reliability information. Chapter 9 defines requirements for barcodes, 2D codes, and RFID tags affixed to parts. CategoriesUncategorized TagsEnterprise IT, Aerospace/Defence Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Packers Plus Achieves First Successful Installation of StackFRAC® Titanium® XV System in Deep Gas Jurassic Reservoir Next PostNext Latvia In Sanitary Protection Market Size & Share Analysis Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Monday, Apr 24, 2017 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korea German Portuguese HomeOpinionsBusinessMilitaryWorldSocietyCultureTravelScienceSportsSpecial CoveragePhotoVideo English>> Domestic airliner in final tests By ZHU WENQIAN/WANG YU (China Daily)    10:27, April 24, 2017 Nation's first passenger jet includes innovations beyond Boeing, Airbus The C919, China's first domestically produced passenger jet, undergoes its fourth high-speed taxiing test in Shanghai on Sunday. YIN LIQIN/CHINA DAILY The C919, the much-anticipated first commercial aircraft for passengers to be made in China, has taken another step closer to its maiden flight by completing its fourth high-speed taxiing test on Sunday in Shanghai. It was the C919's first test with the front landing gear of the plane slightly lifted to simulate takeoff. The single-aisle, 168-seat, twin-engine jet is now just one step away from its first flight, according to Shanghai-based Commercial Aircraft Corp of China, the State-owned manufacturer. Also on Saturday, the C919 received a flight permit from the Civil Aviation Administration of China. It has acquired all the necessary certificates to prepare for its first flight. Wang Yanan, editor-in-chief of Aerospace Knowledge magazine, said high-speed taxiing tests are usually conducted at speeds of 230 to 260 kilometers per hour. Judging from current progress, the C919 may need only a few more ground tests, if any, he said. "Usually, every high-speed test on the ground will be conducted at a faster speed than the previous one, becoming increasingly similar to the real conditions of takeoff. It could be approved quickly if everything went right and no big technical faults occurred," Wang said. Fu Qianshao, a researcher at an aviation magazine affiliated with the People's Liberation Army Air Force, said the airliner boasts a series of design and technology innovations based on in-depth research into its international counterparts－specifically Boeing's B737 and the Airbus A320. For instance, the C919's front windshield consists of only four pieces, a design that is said to be more fuel efficient and stronger than designs with more panels. "Do not underestimate the importance of windshield design," Fu said. "Compared with the Boeing 737's traditional six panels of windshield glass, it is a huge improvement when it comes to the strength of its body structure, air resistance and fuel efficiency." Also, to accommodate more powerful turbofan engines, the C919's designers needed to strengthen the landing gear of the aircraft and make them taller. The domestically manufactured plane, which uses a great deal of composite materials, is expected to be relatively light and fuel-efficient compared with its competitors, including the updated A320 and the new-generation B737, which currently dominate the market. So far, COMAC had received 570 orders for the C919 from 23 clients, including domestic airlines such as Air China, China Southern, China Eastern, Hainan Airlines and Sichuan Airlines. Overseas orders account for about 10 percent of the total, including airlines from Germany and Thailand, and others from the Asia Pacific region and Africa. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook)(Web editor: Du Mingming, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading China's passenger aircraft C919 passes fourth high-speed taxiing test China-made C919 passenger jet to take off soon China's self-developed C919 aircraft given first high-speed taxi test Chinese-made large passenger jet passes assessment for maiden flight China’s C919 passenger plane ready for maiden flight C919 expected to experience maiden flight in early 2017 C919 passenger jet ready to lift Chinese aviation industry China boosts aviation power with nationwide strength China's large passenger aircraft to take maiden flight, trillion-dollar industry clusters will take shape China's aviation manufacturer unveils smart cockpit for large passenger jets We Recommend Top 10 Chinese tech and engineering marvels Chinese footwear tycoon brings jobs, economic benefits to Ethiopia China develops reusable spacecraft for manned lunar missions More ‘agile fleets needed’ to tackle sea challenges Delivery boy becomes the third richest man in China China to build 30,000 new kilometers of railway before 2020 Absence of regulations casts shadow on China’s booming UAV industry China's place on world governance index sets unique example for developing countries Expectations high for China-Vatican relations in 2017 Most Read 1 Illegal drones delay dozens of flights in Sichuan 2 Dolce &amp; Gabbana under fire for controversial promo phot… 3 China reshuffles 84 corps-level military units 4 Must-know facts about Chinese People's Liberation Army Navy 5 US, DPRK must hold talks before it's too late Top 10 The power of 'She' in China Seven most beautiful art museums in China Top 10 European patent applicants in 2016 Chasing the world's prettiest flowers Popular on Global Times Ivanka Trump aiming high in China Carl Vinson scandal sours Trump’s authority Air ballet: Chinese armed police takes rappelling training in Guangxi LGBT businesses struggle in the face of ambiguous official stance, social taboos Hot News Blind man, armless man pledge to rebuild after 10,000-tree crop is devastated by flood China's opposition to THAAD is justified, sufficient More economists upbeat about China's Q1 growth: survey Pit Bull Shot Dead After Attacking Owner The miracle called Communist Party of China Nude pics as IOU: a new, risky online loan among Chinese university students Key Words Xi JinpingSCOCPCSouth China SeaAIIBDPRKChinese New Year Links: Beijing TodayCRI EnglishSINA EnglishGlobal TimesChinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show ChinaChina Human RightsChina XinjiangTibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi JournalWomen of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Don't Take Money Advice From Companies That Profit When You Fail When It Comes To Your Finances, Don't Let Perfect Get In The Way Of Better Intentionally Slow Cancellations Are Just One More Reason For Credit Card Reform Amazon Retail Is Coming To Australia Home 3-Ingredient Happy Hour: The Bracing Ferrari & Soda The Mouldy Foods You Can And Can't Eat Tool School: The All-Mighty Circular Saw The Most Awkward Wrong Number Calls And Texts Ever Entertainment The Most Infamous Swimming Pool In Japanese Pornography The Mother Of All Nintendo Switch Cases Is YouTube Kids Purposely Training Kids To Watch YouTube Ads? The Etymology Of 'Dude' Travel NomadList Helps You Find Remote Work-Friendly Cities, Based On Your Priorities You Might Need An International Driver's Permit For Overseas Road Trips Deals: Navigate The Right Way With This Smart Phone Car Mount Google Maps Adds A Directions Widget, iMessage App And Timeline To The iPhone App Health Running May Actually Buy You More Time Learn Your Partner's 'Love Language' To Better Comfort Them Four Quick And Easy Meals For The Time Poor A Med School Student's Advice On Waking Up Early Design Why Does Every Car Infotainment System Look So Crappy? Give Every Website A Dark Mode With Stylish Remotely Monitor A Raspberry Pi And Get Notifications If Something Goes Wrong How Apple's Night Shift Compares To F.lux Work Productivity Collate Is A Privacy-Focused Evernote-Style Notes App 7 Linguist-Backed Tips For Making Powerful Protest Signs Plan Your Routines During The Week, Chore Lists On The Weekends How To Read An Entire Book In A Single Day Communicate Use Google Drive To Safeguard Against Corrupt Email Attachments 5 Uses For Gmail Beyond Sending Boring Old Regular Emails How To Not Waste Data When Using Your Phone As A Hotspot Duolingo Introduces A Subscription Service To Kill Ads, Download Lessons Offline Organise The Idea Behind Overselling Flights Is Fine, When Executed Properly Why You Can't Always Trust Google's Top Featured Answers YouTube Roundup: The Best Online Videos Of The Week Ask LH: Why Isn't Channel Nine Working? Career Australians Are Finding It Harder To Wind Down After Work This Is What It's Like To Do a CELTA Certification Centrelink's 'Robodebt' System Has Issued Up To $3m In Bogus Debts (And Counting) Amazon Shopping In Australia: Our Six Burning Questions Business Travel Ask LH: Which Visa Does My UK Girlfriend Need To Work In Australia? These Are The Jobs Cut From The Skilled Occupations List United Airlines' Choice Of Language Proves What A Deadshit Company It Is United Airlines Debacle: 11 Things That Can Get You Kicked Off A US Plane Security Unroll.me, The Email Unsubscription Service, Has Been Collecting And Selling Your Data The Beginner's Guide To 1Password Leaked NSA Malware Reminds Us To Keep Windows Up-To-Date How To Protect Your Metadata With A VPN Small Business & Startups Elevator Pitch: Travelport Locomote Elevator Pitch: HelloCars How I Succeeded: CloudPeeps's Kate Kendall How To Attract Freelance Coders To Your Startup [Infographic] IT Pro Cloud IoT, Cloud, SaaS -Microsoft Wins Today's Round Of Buzzword Bingo The ATO Website Is Down 15 Idiotic Internet Of Things Devices Nobody Asked For Use WhatsApp As A Quick, Secure Way To Transfer Or Temporarily Store Files Online IT Career Don't Use Salary As Your Main Guide To Choosing a Job Why Your Annoying Boss Micromanages You Will Turnbull's 457 Backflip Break The IT Industry's Back? No, Google Hire Won't Share Your Search History With Employers IT Security Roll Your Own Unroll.me With A Google Script Deals: How VPNs Can Protect Your Online Privacy Uber Speaks About Tracking iPhone Users After App Uninstallations Aussie Made Wangle VPN Promises Performance And Compliance Developer Modder Makes $4000 A Month Adding A Lot Of Sex To The Sims 4 (NSFW) Facebook Opens Up AR Tools To Developers This Terminal Dashboard Reminds You To Take A Break When You're Deep Inside Your Code Learn How To Program In Python By Controlling Grand Theft Auto 5 Deployment Heading to SuiteWorld -What Do You Want To Know Five Tips For Your Social Media Strategy Quick Review - Belkin USB-C 4-Port Mini Hub Is USB-C Really That Good? Servers Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Buy Your Personal Domain Name... Before A Troll Does The Best Add-Ons For Protecting Your Gmail Account Intel Says Their New SSD Is The World’s Most Responsive Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers The Etymology Of 'Dude' The Idea Behind Overselling Flights Is Fine, When Executed Properly Don't Take Money Advice From Companies That Profit When You Fail Is USB-C Really That Good? Five Tips For Your Social Media Strategy Anthony Caruana Apr 24, 2017, 12:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories social media Share One of the side effects of the Trump campaign and presidency is an expanded understanding of the power social media has. In a number of tweets, President Trump not only set parts of the political agenda but also altered the value of large companies such as Boeing and influenced international relations. And while many large companies have had social media policies I think it's time to take another look at them and reconsider what an effective social media policy and strategy looks like, and what an ineffective social media plan looks like. When social media is used effectively, it's a great tool for quickly communicating with customers and the broader community. Many news outlets monitor social media channels constantly for keywords, specific people and companies so the wise use of social can be far more effective than a press release. And an effective social media strategy has been found to correlate with share price. But it also means bad news can get out faster than ever before. What are some effective steps to take to ensure social media is used effectively? Lock down corporate social channels This might sound obvious but some of the biggest social media abuses have come from malicious actors getting unauthorised access to social media accounts and tweeting. Make sure social media accounts are protected with strong passwords and two-factor authentication. Use social media management tools Tools like Sprout and HootSuite make it possible to assign access to your social accounts to staff. This gives you more control so when you have multiple people monitoring and using your social accounts you knwo who is doing what. Be clear on responsibility In a large company, you need to accept that staff may, and probably will, share internal memos and other information. The recent United Airlines internal memo, following the violent ejection of a passenger from a flight, is a good example of how it is almost impossible to keep internal documents inside your walled garden. With official corporate accounts, make sure they are clearly described as official in the profile. Staff accounts are harder to manage. I suggest the social media behaviour of staff is impossible to manage. Even of you block social media access from the office network, smartphones are almost uncontrollable and there's nothing you can do about staff at home. Explain to everyone that their words do matter. Make it easy for staff to air and work through grievances internally or by making independent counsellors available. If a staff member posts something online then don't jump on them with the full weight of internal disciplinary action. Look at why they felt they had to take matters into their own hands and learn from it. It's been my experience that people only go to extreme measures if they feel strongly about something and aren't given an opportunity to handle things through effective and trusted internal processes. You can also ask staff to add a "Vies expressed are personal and not those of my employer" as a disclaimer to their own social accounts. You can't control the message.... but Social media is like a living thing. You may be able to predict what will happen in a given situation but you can't completely control it. However, you can frame things so that your message is heard. And President Trump is a good example of how this can be effective. During the presidential campaign, he was relentless is keeping a number of consistent messages and using simple, straight-forward language to ensure the message was memorable and repeatable. And while you may not agree with his politics, his campaign's ability to maintain a number of consistent themes, that were aided by certain events, were a significant factor in his election win. Keep your messages simple and consistent. Think before you post There are dozens of social media campaigns that have gone viral for the wrong reasons. Before sending out a message that you think is funny or appeals to whatever is currently popular, get someone independent to validate your idea. One person's funny can be someone else's offensive. What other some of the other gotchas in today's social media world for enterprises? Feel free to share your thoughts in the comments. WATCH MORE: Tech News Also on Lifehacker Is It Cheaper To Buy A Samsung Galaxy S8 On A Plan Than An iPhone 7? The Best NBN 50 Plans (From ISPs You’ve Never Heard Of) Planhacker: The Best Phone Plans With Rollover Data Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Is USB-C Really That Good? Anthony Caruana 24 Apr 2017 9:30 AM As part of my project to find a perfect Windows 10 device for me, I'm currently testing a Dell XPS 13. I'm not going to pre-empt my review as it's still a work in progress. But The Dell, MacBook and several other systems on the market have decided to put all their eggs in the USB-C basket. And that's proving to be an epic pain with suitable devices, cables and other peripherals still relatively hard to get. Why Does Every Car Infotainment System Look So Crappy? Thorin Klosowski 24 Apr 2017 1:00 PM Cadillac has perhaps the ugliest option of the bunch User interface design is hard, but we've been getting better at it over the years to the point where even a thermostat is easy to use. Automakers, however, seem to have their heads in the sand, taking their design inspiration for their infotainment consoles from old Winamp skins instead of any type of modern interface. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: How VPNs Can Protect Your Online Privacy Deals: Learn How To Build Android Apps For Whatever Price You Want Deals: Become A Certified Project Manager With This Bundle Deals: The Dash Cam Deal You've Been Looking For Trending Articles 1 Is USB-C Really That Good? 2 Why Does Every Car Infotainment System Look So Crappy? 3 Modder Makes $4000 A Month Adding A Lot Of Sex To The Sims 4 (NSFW) Ten Horrifying Deep Sea Creatures, Ranked Stop Saying 'Rate Of Speed' 'Serenity' Was A Failure (But...) Wind Farm Commission Received Just 90 Complaints In First Year Of Operation Colossal Iron Man Figure Costs $8000 The Best Sierra Adventure Game Wiz Khalifa Fans, Who Are Probably High, Don't Realise His Weed Game Is Boring Battle Simulator Is Chickens Vs Penguins Vs Dwarves Vs Chuck Norris The Most Infamous Swimming Pool In Japanese Pornography The Mother Of All Nintendo Switch Cases Is YouTube Kids Purposely Training Kids To Watch YouTube Ads? The Etymology Of 'Dude' The 10 most important things in the world right now 'The game is rigged': Elizabeth Warren explains why political parties are changing in the US Steven Woolfe MEP on Brexit, the north-south divide, and why UKIP is at 'breaking point' POLL: Will you vote tactically in the 2017 general election? © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 53° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy skies with gusty winds developing during the afternoon. High 81F. Winds SSE at 20 to 30 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy with an isolated thunderstorm possible after midnight. Low 64F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 30%. Updated: April 25, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Education Close 1 of 12 J.B. Forbes Camdenton High School students work on the robot they built from scratch in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. They are from left: Lucas Mosher, 16; Jacob Vance, 16; Eli Mangone, 16, and robotics coach Mitch Comer. The team was replacing some of the gears in preparation for competition in St. Louis this week. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Members of the robotics club work on their robot in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. They were preparing for competition in St. Louis this week. They are from left: Catherine Sauer, 18; Lucas Mosher, 16; Eli Mangone, 16; Josh Harmon, 16; and Jacob Vance, 16, (right standing on platform). Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Emily Haas, 9; and Kassee Westhoff, 9, work on their team's lego model. Camdenton elementary school students participate in the robotics program in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. The students form groups and decide what kind of lego model they will make. The requirement is that each model have one moving battery-operated part that is controled from a computer tablet. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Grace Law, 9, (left) works on her team's lego model of a sun bear, while Ryka Herbert, 7, looks on. Camdenton elementary school students participate in the robotics program in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. The students form groups and decide what kind of lego model they will make. The requirement is that each model have one moving battery-operated part that is controled from a computer tablet. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Kassee Westhoff, 9, (left) and Emily Haas, 9, work on their team's lego model. Camdenton elementary school students participate in the robotics program in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. The students form groups and decide what kind of lego model they will make. The requirement is that each model have one moving battery-operated part that is controled from a computer tablet. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Emily Haas, 9 works on her team's lego model of a lynx and prepares her presentation for juding. Camdenton elementary school students participate in the robotics program in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. The students form groups and decide what kind of lego model they will make. The requirement is that each model have one moving battery-operated part that is controled from a computer tablet. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Part of the wiring that students in the robotics club have installed inside their robot in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. The students were preparing for competition in St. Louis this week. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Eli Mangone, 16, controls his team's robot with a joystick as he watches it manuver on his computer screen from the camera on the robot in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. The box-shaped robot was fulfilling a task by placing a large gasket on a hook. The team was preparing for competition in St. Louis this week. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Lucas Mosher, 16, looks at the robotics model the younger elementary students were making in the after school program. Mosher is a mentor to the younger students. Camdenton elementary school students were participating in the robotics program in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. The students form groups and decide what kind of lego model they will make. The requirement is that each model have one moving battery-operated part that is controled from a computer tablet. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Camdenton High School students work on their backup competition robot in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. The two students in the foreground are Jacob Vance, 16, (left) and Josh Harmon, 16. In the back is Brenden Barbour, 18, (left) Coach Mitch Comer, Catherine Sauer, 18; and Lucas Mosher, 16. The competition robot has already been shipped to St. Louis ahead of this week's competition. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Camdenton High school students walk down a hallway past some of the banners won by the high school robotics teams over the past eight years in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. The robotics team is competing in St. Louis this week. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Mitch and Sherry Comer add recent trophies to the robotics trophy case at Camdenton High School in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. Mitch is the technology teacher and the coach for the robotics club. Sherry is director of afterschool activities. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com featured Tiny Camdenton is home to one of Missouri's best high school robotics programs By Kristen Taketa St. Louis Post-Dispatch Kristen Taketa 3 hrs ago (…) J.B. Forbes Camdenton High School students work on the robot they built from scratch in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. They are from left: Lucas Mosher, 16; Jacob Vance, 16; Eli Mangone, 16, and robotics coach Mitch Comer. The team was replacing some of the gears in preparation for competition in St. Louis this week. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Members of the robotics club work on their robot in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. They were preparing for competition in St. Louis this week. They are from left: Catherine Sauer, 18; Lucas Mosher, 16; Eli Mangone, 16; Josh Harmon, 16; and Jacob Vance, 16, (right standing on platform). Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Emily Haas, 9; and Kassee Westhoff, 9, work on their team's lego model. Camdenton elementary school students participate in the robotics program in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. The students form groups and decide what kind of lego model they will make. The requirement is that each model have one moving battery-operated part that is controled from a computer tablet. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Grace Law, 9, (left) works on her team's lego model of a sun bear, while Ryka Herbert, 7, looks on. Camdenton elementary school students participate in the robotics program in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. The students form groups and decide what kind of lego model they will make. The requirement is that each model have one moving battery-operated part that is controled from a computer tablet. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Kassee Westhoff, 9, (left) and Emily Haas, 9, work on their team's lego model. Camdenton elementary school students participate in the robotics program in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. The students form groups and decide what kind of lego model they will make. The requirement is that each model have one moving battery-operated part that is controled from a computer tablet. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Emily Haas, 9 works on her team's lego model of a lynx and prepares her presentation for juding. Camdenton elementary school students participate in the robotics program in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. The students form groups and decide what kind of lego model they will make. The requirement is that each model have one moving battery-operated part that is controled from a computer tablet. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Part of the wiring that students in the robotics club have installed inside their robot in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. The students were preparing for competition in St. Louis this week. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Eli Mangone, 16, controls his team's robot with a joystick as he watches it manuver on his computer screen from the camera on the robot in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. The box-shaped robot was fulfilling a task by placing a large gasket on a hook. The team was preparing for competition in St. Louis this week. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Lucas Mosher, 16, looks at the robotics model the younger elementary students were making in the after school program. Mosher is a mentor to the younger students. Camdenton elementary school students were participating in the robotics program in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. The students form groups and decide what kind of lego model they will make. The requirement is that each model have one moving battery-operated part that is controled from a computer tablet. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Camdenton High School students work on their backup competition robot in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. The two students in the foreground are Jacob Vance, 16, (left) and Josh Harmon, 16. In the back is Brenden Barbour, 18, (left) Coach Mitch Comer, Catherine Sauer, 18; and Lucas Mosher, 16. The competition robot has already been shipped to St. Louis ahead of this week's competition. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Camdenton High school students walk down a hallway past some of the banners won by the high school robotics teams over the past eight years in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. The robotics team is competing in St. Louis this week. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Mitch and Sherry Comer add recent trophies to the robotics trophy case at Camdenton High School in Camdenton, Mo., on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. Mitch is the technology teacher and the coach for the robotics club. Sherry is director of afterschool activities. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com CAMDENTON, Mo. • In a rural central Missouri town of 3,600 people, teenagers are making robotics as cool as football. Those teens include Catherine Sauer, 18, who is working on programming robots to see by themselves — something many college students don’t learn how to do. Eli Mangone, 16, welds aluminum — which is one of the hardest metals to precisely weld without warping — into the frames of robots. Josh Harmon, 16, uses software to design a more than 100-pound robot based on his team’s priorities for speed, sturdiness and function. “Once I got involved, I saw that it’s really cool,” Catherine said. “It’s outside of the classroom, so it’s not just like homework and the boring stuff that you have to learn in a textbook… In robotics, it’s not word problems. It’s an actual application.” Catherine, Eli and Josh are members of the LASER 3284 robotics team — not club, the students stress — at Camdenton High School, the single high school in a rural school system of 4,200 students that covers 350 square miles around Lake of the Ozarks. For a long time, the district’s greatest renown was its football program, which has won five state championships. Now, the district has arguably become a Missouri capital of youth robotics. And it has done so without many of the advantages of affluent suburban schools, many of which enjoy high-dollar support from nearby corporations. On Wednesday, LASER 3284 will join 17 Missouri high school teams and hundreds of others from around the world in St. Louis for the annual FIRST robotics championship. “All school districts are known for something,” said Camdenton Superintendent Tim Hadfield. “This has been one of the things we’ve wanted to hang our hats on.” Robotics is in such high demand here that the schools have to hold lotteries for spots on elementary teams. Almost 300 students were turned away just this year. One in 14 students districtwide is somehow involved with the after-school robotics program. Founded in 2009, Camdenton’s robotics program is one of the fastest-growing in the country. The district has more robotics coaches than football coaches. The high school team brings in awards from regional competitions and thousands of dollars in prize money and sponsorship year after year. The high school students’ level of engineering skill puts the education of many adults to shame. This month, when the high school team returned victorious from a competition, the school held a balloon launch to celebrate — just like it does with the football team, after-school activities director Sherry Comer pointed out with delight. “Last summer, I was reading an editorial in the newspaper,” said robotics coach Mitch Comer. “I knew we had done something when they said, when they hear Camdenton, they think of our robotics and football.” Homegrown success Camdenton’s robotics program began when Comer, a technology teacher at Camdenton High who was born and raised in rural Missouri, attended a conference in Kansas City. He heard other educators talking about their robotics teams and the big sponsorships they enjoyed from places such as the Kansas City-based Kauffman Foundation that were right in their backyards. The resources they had, which are often harder to procure for rural schools, inspired Comer. He became determined to bring an opportunity like that to his own students in Camdenton, which sits hundreds of miles from major companies such as Boeing. For Comer, a school robotics program also signified a kind of personal redemption. When he was in high school, he dropped out of geometry class because his teacher couldn’t show him how the math he was learning applied to the real world. It’s a regret he still can’t shake today. “I don’t want the kids to make the same mistake I did,” he said. He and Sherry Comer, his wife, built a robotics program for Camdenton together. One problem was funding: being too far away from major companies and nonprofits based in the cities, they didn’t qualify for many grants or sponsorships. The first grant came to them from J.C. Penney for $10,000. Later, they no longer qualified for the grant because they were located too far from a store, Mitch Comer said. But their students went door to door looking for sponsors, asking the local chamber of commerce, the local Optimist Club, car dealerships and more. Sherry Comer secured federal after-school activity grants. They found a few professional engineering mentors — a key part of a robotics team’s success — at a small firm in Lake of the Ozarks. Now, the program is largely funded by sponsorships that the students procure themselves, including one from a company in Japan and one from Boeing. On top of that, the district has embraced robotics, allocating more than $100,000 to the program this school year. The program has grown from its first class of 21 students to more than 250. Getting results Camdenton’s team is organized through FIRST, which was founded in 1989 by engineer and businessman Dean Kamen. Kamen set out to start not just an organization but a movement, one that would turn robotics into a sport as revered and respected as football and basketball. FIRST stands for “For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology,” “Our society just doesn’t celebrate the great minds,” Mitch Comer said. “We celebrate people who can sing and dance and play sports. But our true heroes are the ones who are going to solve cancer and global warming. We’re trying to change that culture … because math and science holds all the world’s problems.” While school officials across the state are rushing to adopt science, technology, engineering and math — or STEM for short — curricula and programs to make their schools more attractive and competitive, students and staff have invested much time and energy into Camdenton’s robotics program. And that careful investment produced an impressive track record. About 92 percent of its students go on to either study STEM at a university or go directly to work in a STEM field. LASER 3284 has sent alumni to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, California Institute of Technology, Missouri University of Science and Technology and Stanford University. At least one current student is headed to MIT this fall. By the time they graduate, the students don’t just learn how to build robots, but how to run their own company, speak in front of an audience and work in a team. The students make their own presentations to prospective sponsors and to judges at robotics competitions. LASER 3284 students have also helped to start 65 FIRST teams in other schools. They organize and host robotics competitions, programming camps and workshops for coaches. They even lend their practice robots to other Missouri teams who don’t have the resources or expertise to build one on their own. This outreach work won LASER 3284 the prestigious FIRST Chairman’s Award this month at a competition in Houston. “It’s definitely a huge part of my life,” said LASER 3284 team member Melissa Stout, 16. “I’ve learned a lot from being involved about leadership and about different skills that you necessarily wouldn’t expect students to learn in a robotics program.” 3 O'clock Stir e-newsletter 3 O'clock Stir from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Shake off your afternoon slump with the offbeat or overlooked news of the day. This field is required. Sign Up leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Robotics booms in St. Louis as thousands of students gather to 'compete with their minds' As the popularity of the FIRST Robotics Competition has grown, so too, has the effort to add programs to St. Louis area schools Lego leagues introduce children to coding and engineering Of the 29,000 students competing in the international FIRST Championship, 360 are children as young as in kindergarten demonstrating their Lego models and research.  Convent space becomes a science lab at St. Ambrose Catholic School St. Ambrose is among several Catholic schools in St. Louis that have undergone expansions and renovations to improve academics or accommodate growth. Gifted school takes root in Ferguson-Florissant Gifted sixth-graders are the first group in Ferguson-Florissant to receive full-time gifted instruction. Their program will grow into a middle school next year.   Tags Camdenton School District Camdenton High School Robotics First Robotics Championships First Robotics Dean Kamen Mitch Comer Sherry Comer Stem Lake Of The Ozarks Tim Hadfield Robots School Education Sport High School Kristen Taketa Kristen Taketa is the K-12 education reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Kristen Taketa Close Get email notifications on Kristen Taketa daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Kristen Taketa posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Kristen Taketa Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Most popular 7-Eleven worker on smoke break kills would-be robber in shootout at St. Louis store Married couple in their 80s found dead in apparent murder-suicide in West County home Woman killed in multi-vehicle crash on I-270 in Maryland Heights, police say New St. Louis mayor on her to-do list, political foes and getting 'remarried' to the county Erin Moran, Joanie Cunningham in "Happy Days," dies at 56 Follow us Latest in section Tiny Camdenton is home to one of Missouri's best high school robotics programs Confluence charter school servers are hacked St. Louis charter school wonders if full language immersion is creating an achievement gap 'Twelfth Period' takes Shakespeare to high school Thousands gather in downtown for St. Louis' March for Science Quick links Aisha Sultan Bill McClellan Current Affairs Joe's St. Louis Kevin Horrigan Lottery Obituaries Pat Gauen Press releases Teacher pay Tony Messenger Traffic map Sign up and learn from the professionals! Winning submissions will be featured in a special section in the Post-Dispatch on May 7. Help a Variety kid Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Howard Hughes' former Tahoe estate for sale News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Sit-in protests clog roads in Venezuela Region awaits North Korean follow-up The biggest one yet: GE Power to sign $3 billion deal French presidential candidate Macron vital to GE Power's Alstom Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Orioles stay hot, beat Rays Raptors push Bucks to brink Ichabod Crane baseball wins showdown vs. La Salle Noteworthy Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Flurry of sanctions against Syria Border wall, health care at issue as shutdown looms Local software developer Michael Hayes honored by Siena EPA, Beech-Nut to talk about aesbestos pile in Canajoharie Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Liv and Steven Tyler in Saratoga County, on TV tonight Sting to perform at SPAC in August Photos: Capital Region restaurants in the suburbs Singer, songwriter Sylvia Moy dies at 78 Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories The best entries from the 2017 Adirondack photo contest 20 things you don’t know about me: Chrissy Cavotta Today's Birthdays History shows that April has been a month for tragedy Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Gallery: growing up in the Pine Bush Spring break tennis recap ICYMI: ‘New York Now’ talks to new ORDA leader Newcastle Return to the Premier League TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ High school softball rankings Churchill: When spring arrives, it's time for Eggy's Place Scott Wedgewood may be on his way back for Albany Devils Local campus watch: UAlbany runners dominate at Danes' meet Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Old classrooms in Albany, Rotterdam, Troy find new life as House of the Week: Post-modern in Niskayuna 'Brady Bunch' TV mom dropped anchor here Demand builds for starter homes Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Disney unveils “Free Dining” offer for 2017 Earth Day freebies and deals Tax Day freebies and deals for 2017 Birthday deals and freebies: More than 80 things you can get for MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Local-software-developer-Michael-Hayes-honored-by-11095730.php Local software developer Michael Hayes honored by Siena CEO of Menands-based software company a 1967 graduate of school By Larry Rulison Published 7:27 pm, Monday, April 24, 2017 Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Siena President, Brother Edward Coughlin, right, with Michael Hayes, winner of the Siena College Entrepreneur of the Year award. Siena President, Brother Edward Coughlin, right, with Michael Hayes, winner of the Siena College Entrepreneur of the Year award. Local software developer Michael Hayes honored by Siena 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Colonie You may have never heard of MM Hayes Co., a Menands-based software company. But if you are an IT executive at Boeing or another Fortune 500 company, you'll likely be familiar with this producer of popular business software used for cashless payments and security access points at workplaces across the country. That's why Michael Hayes, the CEO and founder of MM Hayes and a 1967 Siena College graduate, was named Monday as Siena Entrepreneur of the Year. "The entire Siena College community congratulates Michael Hayes on this achievement," Siena President Brother Edward Coughlin said. "His business achievements are impressive, as is his devotion to his family and community." Brother Coughlin, along with Matthew Cusack, executive director of the Stack Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship, presented the award to Hayes. "Michael Hayes is an excellent role model — both personally and professionally — for Siena's current students and alumni," Cusack said. "The company he has built impacts the employees, human resources and operations of Fortune 500 companies across the country." Located at the Sage Mansion in Menands, MM Hayes has more than 50 employees and a satellite office in Bellevue, Wash. Hayes, who works with his three sons, said Monday that the hardest things to do in the industry are to hire and retain good software engineers and to keep up with the competition. "The industry is moving so fast that if you don't take the opportunity when it exists, you've missed it," Hayes told the Times Union. lrulison@timesunion.com • 518-454-5504 • @larryrulison Most Popular 1 Raw emotion as mother describes death of daughter in Lake... 2 Lifetime's tale of Joyce Mitchell a crime of missed opportunity 3 Sting to perform at SPAC in August 4 New mom describes emergency birth at toll booth on Thruway 5 Liv and Steven Tyler in Saratoga County, on TV tonight 6 Poestenkill Gorge victim found in Hudson River 7 Women charged in bus melee take the stand View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Comparative SWOT & Strategy Focus of the Global top 7 Aerospace and defence OEMs for 2017-2020 NEW YORK, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Highlights The rapidly changing world order has been one of the most significant driving forces behind resurgence in global defence spending which has already marked the start of an upswing for the industry which is coming out of a period of significant budgetary pressures & cuts that prevailed across most traditional markets. The strategic focus in the U.S. remains on strategic, big-ticket & long-term replacement programs aimed at enhancing capabilities driven by cutting edge, next generation technologies; led by the LRS-B, JLTV, JMR-FVL, T-X Trainer, JSTARS & AMPV programs; The near to medium term picture for the aerospace & defense industry, thus, seems to be improving significantly with both commercial and the defense segments poised for growth. The rapidly changing world order has been one of the most significant driving forces behind resurgence in global defense spending which has already marked the start of an upswing for the industry which is coming out of a period of significant budgetary pressures & cuts that prevailed across most traditional markets. Global defense spending registered healthy growth in 2016 and is likely to mark the start of a significant growth phase over the next decade with the pre-financial crisis levels in defense spending likely to be reached over near term. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04825311/Comparative-SWOT-Strategy-Focus-Global-Top-7-Aerospace-Defense-OEMs-Airbus-BAE-Systems-Boeing-General-Dynamics-Lockheed-Martin-Northrop-Grumman-Raytheon.html The return of conventional state based threats in a multi-polar world underscored by rapid military build-up by Russia and China has put defense on high priority and has given a kick start to defense spending globally as most nations focus on revitalizing their defense industrial base looking to build up defense capabilities, expand capacities and replace ageing equipment & systems as the focus shifts to power projection from territorial defense across some regions. Additionally, increased security threat from extremism & terrorism globally and continued war operations as well as political instability in the Middle East are likely to fuel global defense spending going forward. The strategic focus in the U.S. remains on strategic, big-ticket & long-term replacement programs aimed at enhancing capabilities driven by cutting edge, next generation technologies; led by the LRS-B, JLTV, JMR-FVL, T-X Trainer, JSTARS & AMPV programs; that are likely to drive and spearhead defense spending in the U.S. over medium to long term. The focus in Europe, however, remains on hardware replacement along with plugging capability gaps while addressing resurgence of conventional threats and potentially significant security challenges from terrorism and extremism. The same has been underscored and highlighted with the first real increase in defense spending since 2009 for Western Europe in 2016 and projections indicating towards a further significant increase in defense spending likely by Western Europe going forward amid growing Russian threat, BREXIT and increasing U.S. diengagement as well as unpredictability towards European security. Defense spending across North, South and Eastern Europe has already been on the rise as of-late with looming Russian threat and is likely to witness further growth with European states committed to meet the NATO’s stipulated defense spending mandate over near term. Political instability, extremism and the war against ISIS are already fuelling defense spending in the Middle East while Asia-Pacific is likely to spearhead growth in defense spending over medium term with China’s rapid military build-up & regional territorial claims driving spike in defense budgets across a number of nations based in the APAC region. The commercial aerospace sector is already well positioned in the high growth orbit for long term growth propelled by the latest demand boom cycle driven by a combination of significant, radical technological advancements as well as generational leaps optimizing aircraft performance & operating economics in conjunction with market tailwinds with strong passenger traffic growth, a favorable crude oil price environment boosting airlines profitability and a record order backlog translating into over a decade of production for the industry going forward. The near to medium term picture for the aerospace & defense industry, thus, seems to be improving significantly with both commercial and the defense segments poised for growth. The industry OEMs and players with significant exposure to commercial aerospace are thus, focusing on expanding production rate & capacity to deliver on their burgeoning order backlogs while purely defense focused players have been realigning portfolio in-line with imminent & emerging defense priorities and focus areas while working towards creating potential growth opportunities led by R&D developments and technology initiatives. The global defense industrial base, thus, is gearing up for an anticipated, significant demand growth phase going forward. Against this backdrop, the report takes a macro view of the global aerospace & defense industry, analyzes the strategic positioning of the World’s Top 7 industry players with respect to the current & emerging market dynamics and provides key, comprehensive insights into the overall strategy focus and key strategies & plans being conceptualized, developed & implemented by these Top 7 industry OEMs for the medium term horizon. Additionally, the report provides a comprehensive analysis of key emerging trends, potential growth opportunities and significant developments in the global aerospace & defense industry. Relevance & Usefulness: The report will be useful for – Strategic Planning, Assessment & Decision-Making Process – Comparative Strategic Analysis of Top 7 Industry OEMs – Strategic Focus, Growth Strategies and Plans for the OEMs – Analysis & Insights – Identification of & Insights into Potential Growth Opportunities & Avenues – Analysis of Emerging Market & Technology Trends – Planning Inputs for Current & Upcoming Programs – Alignment & Adjustment of Strategic Planning Process with the Emerging Market & Demand Scenario – Identifying & Highlighting Areas for making potential Strategic Changes, Adjustments & Realignment For Whom: The report is a niche, key & vital resource on the Business Strategy Domain given its unique disposition & strategic focus on leading Global Aerospace & Defense Industry Players. The report would be quintessential for those having strategic interest in the Global Aerospace & Defense Industry or any of these companies & will be especially useful for Key Decision-Makers, Program Managers, Military Procurement Managers, Defense Contracting Executives & Departments, Top Management of Industry Players & Other Companies, Industry OEMs, Suppliers, Distributors, Vendors and other Key Players in the Industry Value Chain as well as existing & potential Investors, Industry & Company Analysts, M&A Advisory Firms, Strategy & Management Consulting Firms, PE Firms, Venture Capitalists & all those associated with the Global Aerospace & Defense Industry or any of these companies. Features, Benefits & Reasons to Procure: – Provides Macro View and Big Picture Quickly – Blend of Quantitative & Qualitative Analysis – Significant Time Savings – Visual Representation enables Easy Comprehension – Meetings & Presentation Ready Format – Superior & Enriched User Experience with Incorporation of Relevant Images Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04825311/Comparative-SWOT-Strategy-Focus-Global-Top-7-Aerospace-Defense-OEMs-Airbus-BAE-Systems-Boeing-General-Dynamics-Lockheed-Martin-Northrop-Grumman-Raytheon.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need – instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/comparative-swot–strategy-focus-of-the-global-top-7-aerospace-and-defence-oems-for-2017-2020-300444702.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global and China Animation Industry Report, 2017-2021 Next PostNext Global and China AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle/ Mobile Robot) Industry Report, 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Ignite Your Entrepreneurial Potential Get Lucky in Vegas SEAH® WATCHES AT 50% OFF ON AMAZON.COM Jerry Heller’s Company Merges With Everlert, Inc. to Create Private Equity Fund for Entertainment Ventures REMASTERING MUSIC, Announces Masterpiece – 24-bit/96kHz High-Resolution Remastering Headphones Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Military Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Market 2017 – Features Top Market Players Boeing, General Atomics, Titan Aerospace, AAI, Northrop Grumman, Dassault Aviati Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/24/2017 — In this report, the global Military Unmanned Aerial Vehicle market is is expected to grow rapidly between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Military Unmanned Aerial Vehicle in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering – North America – Europe – China – Japan – Southeast Asia – India Get a Sample Research PDF with TOC: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1041731 Global Military Unmanned Aerial Vehicle market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including – Boeing – General Atomics – Titan Aerospace – AAI – Northrop Grumman – Dassault Aviation – IAI – Dynali helicopters – BAE System – SAGEM – SUKHOL – Schiebel – AEE – AVIC On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into – Reconnaissance Aircraft – Target Drone – Other On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Military Unmanned Aerial Vehicle for each application, including – Reconnaissance – Searching – Fighting – Other Enquiry at: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=1041731 About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the world’s fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. ResearchMoz’s service portfolio also includes value-added services such as market research customization, competitive landscaping, and in-depth surveys, delivered by a team of experienced Research Coordinators. Contact Us: Mr. Nachiket Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: 518-621-2074 Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Email: sales@researchmoz.us Follow us on LinkedIn at: http://bit.ly/1TBmnVG CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious World Automatic Tray Loading System Market 2017-2021: Report Concentrate on (Top Manufacturers, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, Types, Forecast) Next PostNext Asia-Pacific Hip Articular Prostheses Market Size, Sales, Share, Growth Analysis, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Search Recent Posts Douglas Dynamics, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call Patriot Bank Enters into Definitive Agreement to Join National Commerce Corporation TSN and Everest Announce the Everest Curling Challenge, a New World-Class Curling Event in August, 2017 National Commerce Corporation Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings „YPO Innovation Week” Gathers Innovators for Disruptive Business Models Event in Hong Kong Proudly powered by WordPress
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Norway to get electric airplanes in 10 years: report 2017-04-24 16:01:05 GMT2017-04-25 00:01:05(Beijing Time) Xinhua English OSLO, April 24 (Xinhua) -- According to Norway's state-owned airport operator Avinor, the Nordic country is to acquire its first electric aircraft within the next ten years, newspaper Aftenposten reported Monday. Avinor chief executive Dag Falk-Petersen expects Norway to be the first in the world to use electric aircraft in regular scheduled traffic. "Aircraft powered by batteries come with the same power and speed as electric cars," he said. A group of the company's directors have been working for months on a project to prepare for the electric aircraft at Norwegian airports. "We have informed our owners, the ministry of transport, about the project we have started and received full support from them to continue the work at full strength. We have good contact with the airlines and they have agreed to participate in the project," Falk-Petersen said. Falk-Petersen said he was surprised by how far along was the development of electric passenger aircraft by European airline manufacturer Airbus. The factory has now convinced the Avinor boss that electric aircraft are far closer to completion than most had thought. He believed that airplanes for less than 20 passengers could arrive relatively quickly, followed by those taking between 20 and 100 passengers and that can operate on routes with a flight time of around an hour. Eventually, more powerful batteries will be able to fly double that distance and take even more travelers, Aftenposten wrote. "In that case we talk about aircraft like today's short and middle planes from Boeing and Airbus, which can take around 150 passengers. When it comes to even bigger planes, we may have to wait a while and these will probably be hybrids that work on both biofuels and electricity," Falk-Petersen said. The electric aircraft will make it cheaper to fly and implies eliminating all of the current emissions from aviation, he said. "For some aircraft models, operating expenses will be halved compared to today's aircraft, and this will probably make a huge impact on ticket prices," Falk-Petersen said. "They will also make less noise," he said. However, Falk-Petersen said the big challenge would be convincing people that it will be equally safe to fly with an electric plane as the ones that run on jet fuel. "In the models that aircraft factories have today on their project boards, aircraft are meant to have up to 20 engines. Today, most planes only have two engines. If one gets broken, the pilots must manage with half of the driving force," he said. "Should one engine fail on an electric plane, there will still be 19 left. Moreover, the same safety concerns will be assumed with electric aircraft as with today's aircraft. It will be safer to fly by electric aircraft," Falk-Petersen said. Ketil Solvik-Olsen, Norwegian minister of transport and communications, told Aftenposten that the government strongly believed in the project. "This is exciting and can significantly change the aviation's environmental account. E-planes also provide lower operating costs and can make airplanes that are unprofitable today, profitable. This work has the full support of the government," Solvik-Olsen said. Poverty alleviation projects carried out in China's Guangxi Elders taken care of at nursing home in China's Tibet German chancellor, Polish PM visit Hanover Messe 2017 Performers take part in parade to celebrate Birth of Rome China's passenger aircraft C919 passes fourth high-speed taxiing test China's first cargo spacecraft successfully docks with space lab Pigeon pair giant panda cubs named "Ban Ban", "Yue Yue" Graphics shows launch procedure of China's first cargo spacecraft Tianzhou-1 | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Decision time for GOP on Trump’s wall and government shutdown Trump’s prisoner dilemma Obama returns — and avoids Trump Ivanka Trump faces skeptical audience in Berlin Obama’s hidden Iran deal giveaway Republicans sound alarm on Trump's troubles ahead of 2018 Politico POLITICO Influence Intelligence and analysis on lobbying Get the POLITICO Influence Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Jeff Miller heads to K Street By Theodoric Meyer 04/24/17 02:09 PM EDT With David Beavers and Aubree Eliza Weaver JEFF MILLER HEADS TO K STREET: Former Rep. Jeff Miller (R-Fla.), who retired from Congress in January, is joining McDermott Will & Emery as a senior legislative adviser. He’ll be prohibited from lobbying his former colleagues until next year under House ethics rules but is allowed to lobby the administration immediately. “After eight months go by, which is what’s left in my one-year ban, I look forward to working with my colleagues [in the House] again,” Miller told PI. Story Continued Below — Miller talked with a number of lobbying and consulting firms over the past few months and settled on McDermott. “I’m only 57 years old,” Miller said. “I feel like I have a lot to offer.” A former chairman of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, he’s likely to focus on health care, defense and agriculture issues, including the Veterans Affairs health care system. He worked closely with Veteran Affairs Secretary David Shulkin while he was in the House. He’s the fourth recently retired member — and the second Florida Republican — to head to K Street this year. Former Rep. Charles Boustany (R-La.) joined Capitol Counsel last month, former Rep. Ander Crenshaw (R-Fla.) joined King & Spalding and former Sen. David Vitter (R-La.) is now at Mercury. Good afternoon, and welcome to PI. This newsletter relies on your tips. Switching jobs? Sign a new client? Get in touch: tmeyer@politico.com. You can also follow me on Twitter: @theodoricmeyer. MEA CULPA: PI miscalculated the rankings of top spenders on lobbying in the first quarter in Friday’s edition by double-counting the companies’ and trade associations’ spending with outside lobbying firms. We deeply regret the error. Here is the correct ranking, which removes Boeing and Comcast from the list we published on Friday and adds Novartis and Northrop Grumman: U.S. Chamber of Commerce: $17.2 million National Association of Realtors: $10.1 million PhRMA: $8 million U.S. Chamber Institute for Legal Reform: $7.4 million American Medical Association: $6.8 million Dow Chemical Company: $5.2 million AT&T: $4.6 million American Hospital Association: $4.6 million Northrop Grumman: $4.3 million Novartis: $4 million FIERCE GOVERNMENT RELATIONS ADDS SCALISE AIDE: Eric Zulkosky, an aide to House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, is leaving the Hill to join Fierce Government Relations. Zulkosky worked for Scalise for the past six years, most recently as a policy adviser and director of member services, helping to manage House leadership races and committee selection. Before joining Scalise’s office, he was an aide to former Sens. Mike Johanns (R-Neb.) and Elizabeth Dole (R-N.C.). AIRLINES KICK OFF CAMPAIGN OPPOSING DELTA, UNITED, AMERICAN: U.S. Airlines for Open Skies is launching a new ad campaign opposing the Partnership for Open & Fair Skies’ efforts to lobby the Trump administration. The Partnership for Open & Fair Skies — which counts Delta, United and American airlines as members — has lobbied the administration to take action against the United Arab Emirates and Qatar, which they accuse of violating "Open Skies" agreements with the U.S. by subsidizing their state-owned carriers, Emirates, Etihad Airways and Qatar Airways. U.S. Airlines for Open Skies — made up of Atlas Air, FedEx, Hawaiian Airlines and JetBlue — is running a digital and print ad campaign urging the administration to ignore the lobbying push by Delta, United and American. — “DEAR MR. PRESIDENT: PROTECT U.S. JOBS, UPHOLD #OPENSKIES AGREEMENTS,” one of the ads reads. “REJECT DEMANDS OF UNITED, AMERICAN & DELTA.” “DEAR MR. PRESIDENT: SUPPORT U.S. EXPORTERS, UPHOLD #OPENSKIES AGREEMENTS,” a second ad reads. “REJECT DEMANDS TO RESTRICT AIRLINE COMPETITION.” The ads will run in publications including The Washington Post, POLITICO, The Hill and The Daily Caller over the next two weeks. DONOHUE SEES ‘CONSTRUCTIVE PROCESS’ ON NAFTA: Tom Donohue, the president and chief executive of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, says the Chamber is optimistic that President Donald Trump will try to rework NAFTA rather than abandoning it. “‘I want to assure you, despite what you may see in the news, there is a constructive process underway behind the scenes,’ Donohue said in the text of the speech to be given [today] at the American Chamber of Commerce of Mexico,” Reuters’ Mitra Taj reports. He’s been “very encouraged” by recent meetings with Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Vice President Mike Pence. Full story. AT&T ACTS AS BOTH AN UNDERDOG AND A BEHEMOTH: “AT&T has painted itself as an underdog that needs to merge with Time Warner in a blockbuster $85 billion deal to compete with powerful cable companies,” The New York Times’ Cecilia Kang reports, even as it throws its weight around locally. “Members of Congress and their staff said AT&T’s lobbyists had argued in meetings that it would be difficult to compete with cable firms like Comcast without owning Time Warner’s television and movie content, which it wants to stream to its mobile customers. Yet even as AT&T was spreading that message on Capitol Hill, the company was acting like a powerhouse in Nashville by fighting against new competitors on several fronts, city officials said.” Full story. AHEAD OF THE FILINGS — CGCN GROUP SIGNS MARKETPLACE LENDING ASSOCIATION: CGCN Group has signed the Marketplace Lending Association, a trade group representing a number of digital financial and lending startups. The firm will work on building support among Republicans for developing a national regulatory framework for financial technology. “The Marketplace Lending Association represents one of the fastest growing sectors in financial services,” Sam Geduldig, a CGCN partner, said in a statement. The trade group’s member companies include Lending Club, Prosper, Funding Circle, Avant, Marlette Funding and Affirm. MESSINA’S NEW GIG: British “Prime Minister Theresa May has hired President [Barack] Obama’s former deputy chief of staff Jim Messina for her election campaign, reuniting the winning team behind David Cameron’s unexpected victory two years ago,” Bloomberg News’ Tim Ross reports. “Messina and his colleagues arrived in London on Monday to begin work on May’s bid to secure a bigger majority for her Conservative Party and a fresh mandate for her vision of Brexit, a person working on the campaign said.” Messina started his consulting firm, the Messina Group, in 2013. Full story. MEANWHILE, IN MISSOURI: “On the first day of this year’s legislative session, [state] House Speaker Todd Richardson, a Republican, vowed to make restrictions on lobbyist gifts to legislators the first bill out of his chamber,” The St. Louis Post-Dispatch’s Austin Huguelet reports. But the paralysis in the state Senate has seems to have killed bill’s chances of becoming law this year. “There is absolutely no way that bill gets done this year, unfortunately,” said GOP state Rep. Justin Alferman. Full story. MORE JOB MOVES: — Carrie Hartgen has joined the Association for Accessible Medicines (previously known as the Generic Pharmaceutical Association) as state director, building out the association’s lobbying presence in state capitals. “My main role will be to really differentiate ourselves from Big Pharma in the state capitals,” she said in an interview. She was previously AdvaMed’s vice president for state government and regional affairs. — Boeing has added Mark Lippert as vice president of international government affairs. Lippert was previously the U.S. ambassador to South Korea, where he survived a knife attack in 2015. He has also held senior positions at the Pentagon. — Christine Wyman is joining Bracewell’s policy resolution group as senior counsel. She was previously senior counsel at the American Gas Association. — Sally Painter, the co-founder and chief operating officer of Blue Star Strategies, is joining the Atlantic Council’s board of directors. ON THE CALENDAR: The Alliance of Community Health Plans will kick off a three-day symposium on Tuesday with an event featuring MSNBC’s Greta Van Susteren at the Newseum. NEW JOINT FUNDRAISERS: 2020 Committee (Blue Hen PAC, Educate and Innovate PAC, A New Direction PAC, Narragansett Bay PAC) Save Our Senate 2 (McCaskill Victory Fund, Kaine Victory Fund, Heinrich Victory Fund, Tester Victory Fund) NEW PACs: America For All (PAC) American Network Of Community Options And Resources Disability Champions PAC (Lobbyist/Registrant PAC: American Network Of Community Options And Resources) Conservative Action For America (PAC) Cowboy PAC (Leadership PAC: Liz Cheney) Patent Office Professional Association Political Action Committee (PAC) Power To Impeach (Super PAC) NEW LOBBYING REGISTRATIONS: Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld: Alcresta Therapeutics Inc (FKA Alcresta Therapeautics) American Technology Specialists, LLC: AcquSight, Inc. American Technology Specialists, LLC: Honeycomb Networks, Inc. American Technology Specialists, LLC: Integrated Energy Solutions, LLC American Technology Specialists, LLC: JRD & Associates American Technology Specialists, LLC: MitoSystems, Inc. American Technology Specialists, LLC: RXBio, Inc. AnnDyl Policy Group, LLC: E4TheFuture Capitol Counsel LLC: SunTrust Bank Capitol Tax Partners, LLP: Discovery Communications Farragut Partners LLP: SteelRiver Infrastructure Partners K&L Gates LLP: Lehigh Hanson Inc. Ms. Elizabeth Lavach: Ricardo, Inc. Pike Associates, LLC: Fishing Communities Coalition Prime Policy Group: Lincare Holdings, In Public Policy Advisors, Inc.: International Association of Rehabilitation Professionals Registration Public Policy Advisors, Inc.: National Association of Disability Representatives Public Policy Advisors, Inc.: Seminole Tribe of Florida Sternhell Group: The Clearing House Association, LLC The Ferguson Group, LLC: CDM Smith The Ferguson Group, LLC: City of Palmdale, CA US Policy Strategies: Blue Cross Blue Shield Association W Strategies, LLC: PAX Labs, Inc. NEW LOBBYING TERMINATIONS: 38 North Solutions, LLC: Omnity Bates Capitol Group, Inc.: Akin Gump on behalf of Hospital Coalition for Agency Accountability Bracy Tucker Brown & Valanzano, Inc..: Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc Carmen Group Incorporated: The Goldenberg Group Climate Neutral Business Network, a project of SEA: Manufacturing Innovation Credit Project Federal Solutions, LLC: HBM-nCode (Formerly nCode International) Franklin Square Group, LLC: The Internet Association Grassroots Political Consulting LLC: ARCHumankind Invariant LLC: Oasis West Realty LLC Policy Navigation Group: American Water Works Association Prime Policy Group: GlaxoSmithKline S-3 Group: Luminex Corporation S-3 Group: Navigators Global LLC O/B/O VMware Inc Strategic Federal Affairs: Henry Ford Health System Strategic Federal Affairs: Northville Township The Ferguson Group, LLC: Cumberland County, Maine The Winston Terrell Group: City of Gas City, Indiana The Winston Terrell Group: Madame Walker Theatre Center The Winston Terrell Group: The City of Lafayette, Indiana The Winston Terrell Group: The Swanson Center Thomas Walters & Associates, Inc.: County Of Riverside Winning Strategies Washington: Hadeed Carpet Cleaning, Inc. Winning Strategies Washington: Ofori & Associates « View Archives Authors: Theodoric Meyer tmeyer@politico.com About The Author Theodoric Meyer covers lobbying for POLITICO and writes the POLITICO Influence newsletter. He previously covered the 2016 campaign for POLITICO and worked as a reporting fellow for ProPublica in New York. He was a lead reporter on ProPublica’s “After the Flood” series on the federal government’s troubled flood insurance program, which won the Deadline Club Award for Local Reporting. He’s a graduate of McGill University and Columbia University’s Graduate School of Journalism. Most Read Obama’s hidden Iran deal giveaway Republicans sound alarm on Trump's troubles ahead of 2018 State Department, U.S. embassies promoted Trump's Mar-a-Lago Schumer mocks Sessions: I'll ride the subway with you at 4 a.m. Obama returns — and avoids Trump Ivanka Trump faces skeptical audience in Berlin Trump blasts recent approval rating polls as 'fake news' Trump disses the United Nations as an ‘underperformer’ Decision time for GOP on Trump’s wall and government shutdown Why Paul Wolfowitz Is Optimistic About Trump POLITICO Influence - POLITICO Archive Monday, 4/24/17 Friday, 4/21/17 Thursday, 4/20/17 Wednesday, 4/19/17 Tuesday, 4/18/17 View the Full POLITICO Influence Archives » Politico Magazine Why Democrats Are Dropping More F-Bombs Than Ever By Alex Caton Why Trump’s Budget Terrifies America’s Mayors By Aidan Quigley Trump’s Foreign Policy: 100 Days of Global Bafflement By Aaron David Miller and Richard Sokolsky Trump’s Fake War on the Fake News By Ben Schreckinger and Hadas Gold More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global UAV Drones Market 2017 Share,Trend,Segmentation and Forecast to 2021 „UAV Drones Market” WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On – “Global UAV Drones Market 2017 Share,Trend,Segmentation and Forecast to 2021”. PUNE, INDIA, April 24, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — In this report, the global UAV Drones market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of UAV Drones in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Get a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1215566-global-uav-drones-market-research-report-2017 For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Global UAV Drones market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Boeing PARROT 3DR Titan Aerospace AAI Northrop Grumman IAI Dynali Helicopters BAE System SAGEM Northrop Grumman Corp Elbit Systems Ltd Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd Thales SA Lockheed Martin Corp Leonardo Spa Aerovironment, Inc DJI Flir Systems, Inc Dronedeploy Precisionhawk On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Up To 25 Kg Up To 150 Kg Up To 600 Kg Above 600 Kg On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of UAV Drones for each application, including Military UAV Civilian UAV If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1215566-global-uav-drones-market-research-report-2017 Table Of Contents – Major Key Points Global UAV Drones Market Research Report 2017 1 UAV Drones Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of UAV Drones 1.2 UAV Drones Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global UAV Drones Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global UAV Drones Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Up To 25 Kg 1.2.4 Up To 150 Kg 1.2.5 Up To 600 Kg 1.2.6 Above 600 Kg 1.2.4 Type II 1.2.4 Type II 1.3 Global UAV Drones Segment by Application 1.3.1 UAV Drones Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Military UAV 1.3.3 Civilian UAV 1.4 Global UAV Drones Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global UAV Drones Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of UAV Drones (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global UAV Drones Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global UAV Drones Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global UAV Drones Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global UAV Drones Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global UAV Drones Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global UAV Drones Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global UAV Drones Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global UAV Drones Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers UAV Drones Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 UAV Drones Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 UAV Drones Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 UAV Drones Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion …….. 7 Global UAV Drones Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Boeing 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 UAV Drones Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Boeing UAV Drones Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 PARROT 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 UAV Drones Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 PARROT UAV Drones Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 3DR 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 UAV Drones Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 3DR UAV Drones Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Titan Aerospace 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 UAV Drones Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Titan Aerospace UAV Drones Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 AAI 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 UAV Drones Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 AAI UAV Drones Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Northrop Grumman 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 UAV Drones Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Northrop Grumman UAV Drones Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 IAI 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 UAV Drones Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 IAI UAV Drones Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Dynali Helicopters 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 UAV Drones Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Dynali Helicopters UAV Drones Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 BAE System 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 UAV Drones Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 BAE System UAV Drones Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview Continued……. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Buy 1-User PDF @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1215566 Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Sheet Molding Compound Market 2017 – Continental Structural Plastics, Core Molding Technologies Next PostNext 3 Things to Look for in an Extruded Aluminum Heat Sink Manufacturer Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Aviation Test Equipment Market is Anticipated to Reach $7.12 Billion by 2022 Orbis Research Market Research Report with Industry Analysis on „Aviation Test Equipment-Global Market Outlook (2016-2022)” is Made Available by Orbis Research. DALLAS, TEXAS, U.S.A., April 24, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — The Aviation Test Equipment Market is estimated at $5.32 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $7.12 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 4.2% from 2015 to 2022. Increasing safety concerns, technological advancements, stringent government regulations, novel based R&D activities of aviation test equipment’s, rise in usage of software based solutions are some key factors fostering the market growth. However, life span of avionics module and maintenance of legacy platforms are some factors restraining the market growth. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/244536 Amongst applications, commercial aviation test equipment segment commanded the highest share in the global market. The increasing number of orders and deliveries of commercial aircraft will fuel the growth of this market segment. Asia Pacific holds the largest market share. There are considerable growth opportunities for this market in Asia Pacific especially China as there has been expansion of aviation sector including both civil and defense aerospace in recent years in this region. Some of the key players in this market are General Electric Co, Rockwell Collins, Teradyne Inc, Rolls Royce Holdings Plc, Moog, Inc, Boeing, 3M Company, Airbus, Avionics Inc, Honeywell International Inc., Spherea Test & Services, Avtron Aerospace, Inc., DAC International, Inc., Tesscorn Systems India Pvt. Ltd, Rolls Royce Holdings Plc, Testek, Inc., DMA-Aero, International Aero Engineering LLC and Teradyne, Inc. Buy the report@http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/244536 Applications Covered: Commercial Sector Military / Defense Type of Products Covered: Power Aviation Test Equipment Pneumatic Aviation Test Equipment Electrical Aviation Test Equipment Hydraulic Aviation Test Equipment Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 8 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Major Points From Table Of Contents: Executive Summary Preface Market Trend Analysis Porters Five Force Analysis Global Aviation Test Equipment Market, By Application Global Aviation Test Equipment Market, By Product Global Aviation Test Equipment Market, By Geography Key Developments Company Profiling About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Hector Costello Orbis Research +1 (214) 884-6817 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Anfield Resources, Inc. to Attend World Nuclear Fuel Cycle Conference in Toronto Next PostNext Spin Games LLC Announces New RGS Technology Integration and Licensing Deal with Gaming Realms Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Home + Nation Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Pink Caravan Ride 2017 + News General Crime Weather Transport Health Government Education + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others Trump Visa Ban + Gold/forex UAE Bahrain Qatar + Business Local Business Global Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Corporate Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local Sports Global Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse racing F 1 Golf Motor Sports IPL 10 2017 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Gadgets and Electronics KT 10 + Specials Year Of Giving 2017 Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Battle For White House Demonetisation in India Dubai Airshow 2015 Dubai World Cup 2017 Euro 2016 Flydubai Plane Crash Global Village 2016-17 ICC World Twenty20 India Budget 2017-18 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships New Year 2017 Olympics 2016 UAE and India: Ties that bind UAE FLAG DAY Wimbledon 2016 Yas Island - Anime + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music Naam Shabana + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat + Legal View Employment Sponsorship Visa and Immigration Property Cyber Laws Banking Laws Others Legal Matters Opinion and Editorial Letters + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) Technology (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Utilities Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals Competitions + Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Food Travel Lifestyle Fashion + E-Magazines wknd Inspired Living Style Cookbook E-Paper Parent Talk Supplements Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Titles : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER KT Buzzon Specials Multimedia E-Magazines | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Global Village 2016-17 Pink Caravan Ride 2017 Photos Videos wknd Inspired Living Style Parent Talk Pakistan Resolution Day Bangladesh Special Report EDUGUIDE Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Business Nation News KT 10 Region INTL GOLD/FOREX Legal View Business Sports Technology City Times Entertainment WKND Jobs Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Supplements| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman General | Crime | Weather | Transport | Health | Government | Education Bahrain | Kuwait | Oman | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Mena India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others UAE | Bahrain | Qatar Employment | Sponsorship | Visa and Immigration | Property | Cyber Laws | Banking Laws | Others Legal Matters Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Local Sports | Global Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | F 1 | Golf | Motor Sports Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics In The City | Newsmakers | Hollywood | Bollywood | South Stars | Movie Reviews | Music Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion Editor's Note | Letters to WKND Editor | What's Hot | Interviews | Pursuits | Mindsport | Life Coach | When Hunger Strikes | Beauty Basics | Food and Dining Banking/Financial Services | Administration | Architect/Interior Design | Construction/Civil Engineer | Medical/Healthcare | Marketing   HOME > Business Unfazed by US curbs, Qatar Airways to expand new routes Issac John /dubai Filed on April 24, 2017 Share More > Vote Akbar Al Baker checks out a lounge in Qatar Airways' pavilion at the Aabian Travel Market. (Photo by Shihab) Uncertainty about travel to the US is affecting the airline's business to some extent, says chief executive Qatar Airways said on Monday that it was on track to expand to 26 new global destinations, including direct flights to San Francisco early next year as part of efforts to expand routes into the United States despite President Donald Trump's attempts to restrict travel from some Muslim countries. However, Chief Executive of the airline Akbar Al Baker confessed on Monday that uncertainty about travel to the US is affecting the airline's business to some extent. Speaking at a news conference at the Arabian Travel Market in Dubai on Monday, he said passenger traffic to the US has dipped slightly over fears by some Muslim passengers that their visas may be rejected upon arrival, but expressed confidence in President Trump. "President Trump is a wise individual and a very good businessman, and I don't think he will buy into bullying by the three American carriers," Baker said. "We didn't have massive declines like other carriers," Al Baker said. "We will continue our expansion." The airline has seen "some decline" in passenger demand on US routes, but he said this was manageable. Qatar Airways has delayed plans to start flights to Las Vegas until the second quarter 2018, from the first quarter of that year, "mainly due to technical reasons," he said. Flights to San Francisco, Qatar Airways' 15th US destination, will start in 2018 with a Boeing C. 777-300 aircraft. The Doha-based airline along with the region's major carrier Emirates and Etihad Airways has been engaged in a raging row with US airlines, led by American Airlines, United Airlines and Delta Air Lines, over benefiting from alleged state subsidies to expand their route networks. Qatar Airways is among the airlines affected by a US ban imposed last month on electronic devices larger than a smartphone on flights to the United States from 10 airports in the Middle East and Turkey. In response to the ban, Qatar Airways is offering free laptops to premium passengers in response to the ban. The US ban went into effect on March 25 on nine airlines in Turkey, Morocco, Jordan, Egypt, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and the UAE. Britain followed with a similar ban from five countries from the Middle East, northern Africa and Turkey. Qatar Airways has remained bullish on the US even after Trump's administration targeted travellers in the region with an attempt to block travel from six predominantly Muslim nations and a ban on carrying on laptop and tablet computers on flights from Middle East airports, including the carrier's Doha hub. Emirates last week cited weaker demand caused by the restrictions as the cause for scaling back flights on five routes. "We create jobs, we buy American, we invest in the United States and I think we outweigh whatever job creation these three American carriers are doing," he said. He also said Qatar Airways would sign in the next "few days" an agreement with Italy's Meridiana. Qatar Airways has been negotiating to buy a 49 per cent stake in the Italian airline for over a year. Al Baker said his airline would make an application with the Qatar Investment Authority for an Indian airline operating licence. Qatar Airways has said it plans to operate a domestic Indian carrier with around 100 jets. For the airline, currently serving 150 destinations, the new expansion drive will see it adding Nice, France; Dublin, Ireland; Chiang Mai, Thailand; Las Vegas and Canberra, Australia, among many others over the next one year. In 2016, the airline introduced flights to 14 new destinations and acquired 19 additional aircraft. As of April 2017, its fleet on order includes more than 300 aircraft: 110 Boeing 777Xs, 10 Boeing 777-300ER, 66 Airbus A350s, 30 Boeing 787s, four Boeing 777F, 75 Airbus A320 Neos, six Airbus A380-800s, eight Airbus A330 Freighters and 60 Boeing 737 MAX 8. - issacjohn@khaleejtimes.com Issac John Associate Business Editor of Khaleej Times, is a well-connected Indian journalist and an economic and financial commentator. He has been in the UAE's mainstream journalism for 35 years, including 23 years with Khaleej Times. A post-graduate in English and graduate in economics, he has won over two dozen awards. Acclaimed for his authentic and insightful analysis of global and regional businesses and economic trends, he is respected for his astute understanding of the local business scene. Share More > Vote MORE FROM Business Business Unfazed by US curbs, Qatar Airways to expand new... Uncertainty about travel to the US is affecting the airline's... READ MORE Travel Check into a hotel as a guest, leave as a friend Operators stress the importance of making visitors feel welcome at... READ MORE Travel Medical tourism: Just what the doctor prescribed... India has seen an increase in foreign tourists visiting for wellness... READ MORE Telecom Indian network offers unlimited international... The pack offers home-like tariffs while roaming in 47 countries of... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Dubai Power failure in Dubai Mall for over an hour Cause of the power failure is not known. READ MORE Dubai Husband attempts suicide after wife kills herself ... The woman, identified as 27-year-old K.K., committed suicide by... READ MORE General Visa waiver for UAE nationals visiting Japan The registered passport will be returned the next working day. READ MORE Aviation Five tricks to book the cheapest tickets out of... With a little prudence, you can save a pocket-full READ MORE CurrentRequestUnmodified: /apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20170424/ARTICLE/170429492&Show=0 macro_action: article, macro_profile: , macro_adspot:   Popular Voted Nation Pay Dh100,000 fine for breaking this rule in Dubai 43629 views | 3 April 2017 General Woman rushed to emergency room after henna burns hands 32148 views | 23 April 2017 Dubai How to get residence visa for your parents in UAE 32029 views | 24 April 2017 Weather UAE to explore innovative rain-inducing concept to solve water scarcity 29590 views | 24 April 2017 Dubai 10 UAE government jobs that expats can apply 25339 views | 24 April 2017 Abu Dhabi Two Emirati women file case to become men 23676 views | 22 April 2017 Aviation UAE flyer alert: 10 things you can and can't carry on a plane 21659 views | 23 April 2017 Real Estate Dubai rental market close to bottoming out 20566 views | 22 April 2017 Sharjah Three Pakistanis rescued from drowning in Sharjah 19372 views | 22 April 2017 Nation Do you drive this vehicle in UAE? Here's a special rule for you 18983 views | 23 April 2017 Ras Al Khaimah UAE inspector rescues woman, daughter from drowning 14441 views | 24 April 2017 India 95% engineers in India unfit for software development jobs 13859 views | 23 April 2017 Aviation Five tricks to book the cheapest tickets out of Dubai 12829 views | 24 April 2017 Ras Al Khaimah RAK police clears debts of 31 prisoners 11484 views | 23 April 2017 Abu Dhabi Abu Dhabi named 'safest city in the world' 11357 views | 22 April 2017 International Visa-free entry for Indians, UAE nationals in this country 166 votes | 18 April 2017 International Vijay Mallya gets bail hours after being arrested in London 90 votes | 18 April 2017 Mobiles 8 surprises to expect in the new Apple iPhone 68 votes | 18 April 2017 VAT in UAE You need to demand a raise; VAT's got everything to do with it 63 votes | 21 April 2017 International Shark kills teenager as parents watch 62 votes | 18 April 2017 Local Business UAE expats to pay more for sending money home 61 votes | 17 April 2017 Ras Al Khaimah 1,100 residents fined for this offence in UAE 49 votes | 18 April 2017 Crime Man sexually assaults 9-year-old after finding her alone 41 votes | 18 April 2017 Dubai These nationalities cause maximum accidents in Dubai 38 votes | 20 April 2017 General Video: Sheikh Hamdan pilots chopper over Dubai 35 votes | 18 April 2017 Abu Dhabi Boy drowns in UAE water canal while playing 30 votes | 17 April 2017 Hollywood Angelina Jolie to marry for fourth time? 28 votes | 21 April 2017 Nation (photos) UAE royal family members attend mass wedding 25 votes | 19 April 2017 Sharjah Video: Firefighters contain blaze in Sharjah mall 24 votes | 21 April 2017 Business UAE jobseekers: Good days ahead 24 votes | 17 April 2017   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the world in your inbox, so you dont miss out on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2017 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region International Technology Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing F 1 Golf Global Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Opinion & Editorials Letters Photos   Videos Gold/Forex Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather E-Paper KT buzzon Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
We noticed you’re using an ad blocker. Support NCRM and help us reduce our dependence on advertising — become an NCRM Champion! News News Politics Marriage Equality Discrimination Culture Women’s Rights Immigration International Opinion About Menu + Become a Champion Log in Source: Thomas Hawk/Flickr Advertisement The AP Has Released the Transcript of Their Interview With Donald Trump. It's Insane. by David Badash April 24, 2017 9:10 AM A Rambling Disaster, a Cornucopia of Lies Advertisement Become a patron of breaking LGBTQ news Chip in $4 go Last Friday the Associated Press broke the news that President Donald Trump said he will be releasing "massive" tax cuts this week, on Wednesday. The White House minutes later was forced to roll back that claim, and the President about an hour after that rolled it back even more.  That news came from a one-on-one sit-down with President Trump and an AP reporter in the Oval Office, and it was just one small portion of Trump's interview with the AP. It was a rambling disaster, a cornucopia of lies and falsehoods, and who knows what. Literally. 16 times the AP had to use the word "unintelligible" because they couldn't make out what Trump was saying.  Here are a few excerpts from the published transcript. This, is, everything: TRUMP: OK. The one thing I've learned to do that I never thought I had the ability to do. I don't watch CNN anymore. AP: You just said you did. TRUMP: No. No, I, if I'm passing it, what did I just say (inaudible)? AP: You just said — TRUMP: Where? Where? AP: Two minutes ago. On Trump's 100 Day Contract with America: AP: You did put out though, as a candidate, you put out a 100-day plan. Do you feel like you should be held accountable to that plan? TRUMP: Somebody, yeah, somebody put out the concept of a hundred-day plan. But yeah. Well, I'm mostly there on most items. Go over the items, and I'll talk to you ... During the campaign, Trump released a first 100 days contract, written in the first person, that says at the end, "This is my pledge to you." But now that he will miss almost every point on it, "somebody" put it out. Trump says he has "great chemistry" with all the foreign leaders. TRUMP: Yeah, it's funny: One of the best chemistries I had was with (German Chancellor Angela) Merkel. (Crosstalk) AP: Really? TRUMP: Chancellor Merkel. TRUMP: And I guess somebody shouted out, "Shake her hand, shake her hand," you know. But I never heard it. But I had already shaken her hand four times. You know, because we were together for a long time. AP: Did you expect you would have good chemistry with her? TRUMP: No. Because, um, I'm at odds on, you know, the NATO payments and I'm at odds on immigration. We had unbelievable chemistry. And people have given me credit for having great chemistry with all of the leaders, including el-Sissi. ... TRUMP: So it was a great thing to see that happen. Imagine if Obama had said this in an interview? Trump admits he said NATO is obsolete because he didn't know much about it: TRUMP: They had a quote from me that NATO's obsolete. But they didn't say why it was obsolete. I was on Wolf Blitzer, very fair interview, the first time I was ever asked about NATO, because I wasn't in government. People don't go around asking about NATO if I'm building a building in Manhattan, right? So they asked me, Wolf ... asked me about NATO, and I said two things. NATO's obsolete — not knowing much about NATO, now I know a lot about NATO — NATO is obsolete, and I said, "And the reason it's obsolete is because of the fact they don't focus on terrorism." You know, back when they did NATO there was no such thing as terrorism. AP: What specifically has NATO changed? TRUMP: (Cites Wall Street Journal article) ... I did an interview with Wolf Blitzer, and I said NATO was obsolete — I said two things — obsolete, and the country's aren't paying. I was right about both. I took such heat for about three days on both, because nobody ever criticized NATO. I took heat like you wouldn't believe. And then some expert on NATO said, "You know, Trump is right." But I said it was obsolete because they weren't focused on terror. NATO actually has been focused on terror, long before Trump falsely said they weren't. Specifically, since 1980. Trump repeats lie he negotiated down the price of F-35's: TRUMP: ... A little before I took office there was a terrible article about the F-35 fighter jet. It was hundreds of billions of dollars over budget. It was seven years behind schedule. It was a disaster. So I called in Lockheed and I said, "I'm sorry, we're going to have to bid this out to another company, namely Boeing," or whoever else. But Boeing. And I called in Boeing and I started getting competing offers back and forth. ... TRUMP: I saved $725 million on the 90 planes. Just 90. Now there are 3,000 planes that are going to be ordered. On 90 planes I saved $725 million. It's actually a little bit more than that, but it's $725 million. Gen. Mattis, who had to sign the deal when it came to his office, said, "I've never seen anything like this in my life." We went from a company that wanted more money for the planes to a company that cut. And the reason they cut — same planes, same everything — was because of me. I mean, because that's what I do. TRUMP: Now if you multiply that times 3,000 planes, you know this is on 90 planes. In fact, when the Prime Minister (Shinzo) Abe of Japan came in because they bought a certain number of those ... The first thing he said to me, because it was right at the time I did it, he said, "Could I thank you?" I said, "What?" He said, "You saved us $100 million." Because they got a $100 million savings on the 10 or 12 planes that they (bought). Nobody wrote that story. Now you know that's a saving of billions and billions of dollars, many billions of dollars over the course of — it's between 2,500 and 3,000 planes will be the final order. But this was only 90 of those 2,500 planes. AP: And you expect those savings to carry out across that full order? TRUMP: More. I'm gonna get more than that. This was a thing that was out of control and now it's great. And the woman that runs Lockheed, Marillyn (Hewson), she was great. But all of a sudden it was a different kind of a thing. You know? That' a lie, as The Washington Post noted back in January when Trump also said it, almost word-for-word as he did last week. The Post reported that "the Pentagon had already announced cost reductions of roughly $600 million before Trump began meeting with Lockheed Martin’s chief executive. Once again, we award Trump Pinocchios for taking undue credit." Finally, Talking Points Memo Editor Josh Marshall makes this keen observation: Most revealing part of the whole interview. Seriously. https://t.co/lZ4cQWIpFA pic.twitter.com/xtKrIIaLU1 — Josh Marshall (@joshtpm) April 24, 2017   To comment on this article and other NCRM content, visit our Facebook page. Image by Thomas Hawk via Flickr and a CC license     Advertisement Become a patron of breaking LGBTQ news Chip in $4 go tags: News, Politics, Donald Trump, Trump Administration Lies, First 100 Days, NATO Advertisement Become a patron of breaking LGBTQ news Chip in $4 go Advertisement David Recommends NCRM's Official Statement on Donald Trump The best of NCRM, delivered straight to your inbox Optional email code More from around the web News Analysis Finds Trump Visits His Properties Once Every 2.8 Days, at Taxpayers’ Expense News US State Dept. Now Promoting Trump's Privately-Owned Florida Estate and Golf Course, Mar-a-Lago News Nearly 3 Out of 4 Americans Want Independent Commission to Investigate Russia and Trump Team Source: Wikimedia 5 Things for Monday by David Badash April 24, 2017 8:02 AM What You Need to Know to Start Your Day Continue Reading Be part of the movement. Become an NCRM Champion or make a donation. Interesting in partnering with NCRM? Advertise with us. Need to get in touch? Contact us or see our masthead. Read our copyright, terms & conditions, disclosure, and privacy policies. Copyright © 2008-2017 The New Civil Rights Movement, LLC The best of NCRM, delivered straight to your inbox Optional email code
Airforce Technology News, views and contacts from the global Air Force industry Log in or Register Aircraft Aircraft Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Helicopters Helicopters Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Unmanned Systems Unmanned Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Projects PD-1 Unmanned Aerial System PD-1 Unmanned Aerial System Projects UVH-29E Unmanned Aerial Vehicle UVH-29E Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Projects GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft Weapons and Systems Weapons and Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Analysis XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks MRO and Logistics MRO and Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Analysis Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers Stäubli Electrical Connectors - Technological Solutions and Contact Systems for the Defence Industry Technological Solutions and Contact Systems for the Defence Industry Suppliers Rubb Buildings - Hangars and Sunshades for Military Aircraft and Helicopters Hangars and Sunshades for Military Aircraft and Helicopters Suppliers VPT - High-Reliability Power Conversion Products for Military and Avionics Applications High-Reliability Power Conversion Products for Military and Avionics Applications Suppliers SCOTTY Group - Beyond Line-of-Sight Connectivity for Comms and Real-Time Surveillance Beyond Line-of-Sight Connectivity for Comms and Real-Time Surveillance Videos Events All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » News On Apr 24 2017 RSAF upgrades AH-64D Apache Longbow helicopters with new mission systems The Republic of Singapore Air Force (RSAF) is upgrading AH-64D Apache Longbow helicopters with new mission systems. According to a statement posted on the Singapore's Ministry of Defence, the upgrades are expected to improve the helicopter's survivability and mission capabilities. Improvements involve equipping the AH-64D with a helicopter-integrated electronic warfare system (HIEWS) to enhance satellite communications for more robust communications. The ministry said: "The RSAF has always taken a rigorous and prudent approach in planning for our defence needs, and will equip sufficient helicopters to meet Singapore's defence requirements." "The RSAF has always taken a rigorous and prudent approach in planning for defence needs and will equip sufficient helicopters to meet Singapore's defence requirements." The modernisation programme is expected to be completed over the next few years. The Boeing-built AH-64D Apache Longbow has longer-range weapon accuracy and all-weather/night fighting capability. The helicopter has the ability to detect moving or stationary objects without being detected. It can complete classification and threat prioritisation of up to 128 targets in less than a minute. Boeing's AH-64D Apache has integrated sensors, networking, and digital communications for situational awareness, as well as management of the combat arena in real time, and digital transmission of images and target locations to joint operations battlefield commanders. Powered by two turboshaft engines, Apache has a maximum cruise speed of 284km/h. The helicopter can be armed with a combination of laser-guided precision Hellfire missiles, 70mm rockets, and a 30mm automatic cannon with up to 1,200 high-explosive, dual-purpose ammunition rounds. Image: RSAF AH-64D Longbow Apache. Photo: courtesy of EH10 via Wikipedia. Share Related Articles » Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest air force industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.airforce-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Trading the World Trading Nation CNBC Disruptor 50 Investing in Megatrends Tech Transformers Iconic Tour Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Markets US EU Asia Oil Bonds Gold Here's the black swan in Trump's agenda that could crush the markets Trump is trying to pull a triple-play: Relieve over-regulation, pass real tax reform and, as it turns out, be a protectionist. The first two are the lifeblood for a marketplace starving to free up seed capital. The third, which includes a border adjustment tax, must be avoided at all costs. Jack Bouroudjian | @JackBouroudjian 17 Hours Ago SHARES PENGGG | Getty Images Now that we have a full 100 days under our collective belt with the new Trump administration, we have learned that the president is trying to pull a triple-play: Relieve over-regulation, pass real tax reform and, as it turns out, be a protectionist. The first two are the life blood for a marketplace starving to free up seed capital which grows the economy. But the third thing, the protectionist ideology which has crept into the agenda, must be resisted at all cost! Overregulation is choking off growth, whether the EPA's stringent standards making it next to impossible to build a new refinery or the NLRB insuring interference with Boeing's move out of Washington State. The Trump election and subsequent sweep of congress changed that mentality overnight and unleashed the suppressed American entrepreneurial spirit. Although the fight to repeal the ACA has been a setback, we can see a presidential shift away from his populist base seeking instant gratification towards the Republican leadership looking to pass negotiated legislation, something he had to learn on the job. The second part of the 100 days' agenda is the start of tax reform. Since there is so much comparison to Reagan and supply side, a review of the effects of the Reagan tax cuts on the economy is good analysis. In 1981, the Economic Recovery Tax Act (ERTA), reduced personal tax rates by about 25 percent. The claim that unrealistic supply side Reagan Administration revenue projections caused large budget deficits during the 1980s is not correct. The official Reagan revenue projections following enactment of ERTA, did not have huge revenue increase projections. In fact, they were very close to the Democrat controlled CBO revenue projections which showed that deficits would fall after the enactment of the Reagan tax cuts. Unfortunately, the Democratic controlled congress never cut spending ( promised by then Speaker Tip O'Neill) which led to the '87 crash and subsequent recession. But the fact is that individual income tax revenues rose from $244 billion in 1980 to $446 billion in 1989. "As a huge believer in free markets and global trade, the very notion of incorporating protectionist measures into a responsible pro-growth agenda nauseates me!" The Trump tax plan reducing both individual and corporate tax rates down to competitive global levels is precisely what the economy needs to grow. Reagan proved that and, as Larry Kudlow points out in his latest book, JFK and the Reagan Revolution: A Secret History of American Prosperity, Kennedy knew that too. Unfortunately, protectionism is another story altogether. The Border Adjusted Tax, or BAT, is a disaster waiting to happen. As a huge believer in free markets and global trade, the very notion of incorporating protectionist measures into a responsible pro-growth agenda nauseates me! In May 1930, the Smoot-Hawley tariff was signed into law by then President Herbert Hoover, which was followed by massive retaliation on U.S. made products from our foreign trading partners. The Smoot-Hawley tariff, or as I call it the 'BAT 1930', helped bring about one of the worst periods for the U.S. economy in history. 'BAT 1930' was supposed to stimulate growth, increase tax revenues and reduce the budget deficit. Flawed logic led lawmakers to believe that the American public would 'buy American' which would lead to growing U.S. production and an increase in jobs. Does that sound familiar? The best description of 'BAT 1930' is by the Department of State after an analysis of the events: The Smoot-Hawley tariff "provoked a storm of foreign retaliatory measures and came to stand as a symbol of the 'beggar-thy-neighbor' policies (designed to improve one's own lot at the expense of that of others) of the 1930s. Such policies contributed to a drastic decline in international trade." By circumstances, we find ourselves as the bearers of free market 'American' style capitalism which has helped lift billions of people around the world out of poverty. Globalization, and the free markets which make it a reality, must be nurtured and fostered by those who helped created it, the United States. Whether we like it or not, we are the vanguard of modern day capitalism. The U.S. has inherited the title of policeman for the worlds' free markets. A protectionist mentality at the forefront of international trade will only prove to be a hindrance, something which every free market economist understands to be a dogmatic fact. In a fragile, global political climate free markets for trade could only prove to be an asset towards peace. If there is a Black Swan looking to hit the market unexpectedly, let's hope it's not a self-inflicted wound caused by an ill-advised move towards 1930's style protectionism. President Trump should take the ideas of a BAT along with other brilliant pieces of failed liberal legislation such as the windfall profits tax and bury them deep in a governmental Black Hole. Now is the time for the U.S. to step-up and proclaim the power of the free markets, not put up barriers to free trade. The Trump pro-growth agenda has shown great potential in the first 100 days, promising to rid the economy of over regulation and lower taxes to reasonable levels to enable growth. Now, if he can only get this BAT thing right and get something passed through congress we should be in great shape. Commentary by Jack Bouroudjian, CEO of Index Futures Group LLC, a registered independent broker, and CIO of Index Capital Partners, a registered commodity-pool operator. He was also a three-term director of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and founder and advisor of UCX (Universal Compute Exchange). Follow him on Twitter @JackBouroudjian. For the latest commentary on markets in the U.S. and around the world, follow @CNBCopinion on Twitter. Jack BouroudjianChief Economist and Co-Founder, UCX
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Data Conversion Laboratory Announces Upcoming Presentations and Webinars from April – June FRESH MEADOWS, N.Y., April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Maximizing content and data assets is important for any organization that wants to increase revenues, reduce costs, and ensure its „digital future”. To help companies master the latest best practices, Data Conversion Laboratory, Inc. (DCL), a leading service provider for content and data conversion, is planning several upcoming programs–including a discussion at the upcoming CMS/DITA North America Conference and webinars featuring Boeing, Cisco Systems, SAE International, and MarkLogic. On April 25, DCL will lead a panel discussion at CMS/DITA called „Convert and Load… the Last Mile”.  This DITA-based dialogue will delve into how planning and budgeting are crucial steps for the conversion and load phase of a DITA conversion project. DITA (Darwin Information Typing Architecture) is an open standard XML data model for authoring and publishing. The panel of practitioners will share their DITA conversion experiences – what went right, what went wrong, and how things could have possibly gone better. Leading the panel is DCL’s National Sales Director, Brian Trombley. „This session will show how proper planning and budgeting will go a long way in helping you achieve maximum payoff in the end,” said Trombley. Then in May, DCL’s webinar series will dive deeply into important and timely topics in the field of technology. It is a long-running and valuable educational forum where knowledge and ideas are shared between professionals of all levels. The upcoming schedule is here: „DCL’s webinar series has always been a go-to for professionals looking to glean information on important issues, strategies and tactics in tech today,” said Tom Smith, Director of Marketing at DCL. „We are excited about the upcoming lineup.” About Data Conversion Laboratory, Inc. (DCL) Since 1981, DCL has been a leader in helping organizations maximize the value of their content assets investment through digitization and organization, making reuse easier, and providing greater accessibility. DCL’s teams are experts in converting content into all structured formats, including XML, S1000D, SGML, proprietary schemas, and others. With DCL’s process, content quality is vastly improved, systems are future-proofed, redundancies are eliminated, and revenue opportunities are expanded. DCL uses its advanced technology and U.S.-based project management teams to help solve the most complex conversion challenges securely, accurately and on time. DCL is a multi-year winner of EContent’s Top 100 companies. Contact: Ariane Doud, Warner Communications, (978) 283-2674, 156085@email4pr.com SOURCE Data Conversion Laboratory (DCL) CategoriesUncategorized TagsConference Call Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Starwood Capital Group Launches Uptown Suites to Meet Increasing Nationwide Demand for Economy Extended-Stay Accommodations Next PostNext Amadeus and U.S. Bank partner to deliver virtual payments technology to U.S. travel agencies Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Data Conversion Laboratory Announces Upcoming Presentations and Webinars from April – June Join DCL at CMS/DITA Conference, and Webinars with Cisco, Boeing, SAE International and MarkLogic FRESH MEADOWS, N.Y., April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Maximizing content and data assets is important for any organization that wants to increase revenues, reduce costs, and ensure its "digital future". To help companies master the latest best practices, Data Conversion Laboratory, Inc. (DCL), a leading service provider for content and data conversion, is planning several upcoming programs--including a discussion at the upcoming CMS/DITA North America Conference and webinars featuring Boeing, Cisco Systems, SAE International, and MarkLogic. On April 25, DCL will lead a panel discussion at CMS/DITA called "Convert and Load… the Last Mile".  This DITA-based dialogue will delve into how planning and budgeting are crucial steps for the conversion and load phase of a DITA conversion project. DITA (Darwin Information Typing Architecture) is an open standard XML data model for authoring and publishing. The panel of practitioners will share their DITA conversion experiences – what went right, what went wrong, and how things could have possibly gone better. Leading the panel is DCL's National Sales Director, Brian Trombley. "This session will show how proper planning and budgeting will go a long way in helping you achieve maximum payoff in the end," said Trombley. Then in May, DCL's webinar series will dive deeply into important and timely topics in the field of technology. It is a long-running and valuable educational forum where knowledge and ideas are shared between professionals of all levels. The upcoming schedule is here: May 2 – "Generating Revenue: The Hidden Connection Between Content and Product Strategies" hosted by Eeshita Grover, Senior Manager, Technical Communications at Cisco Systems. This session will explore how businesses can tap into product roadmaps and strategies to define the direction of content design and deliverables. Grover had this to say about her webinar's subject matter: "I often get asked the question – why is having a content strategy important to the revenue of a product? The answer is simple. Because content is the only tangible asset." May 4 – "Powering Content in the Publishing and Media Industries" presented by Mandy May, Digital Publishing Manager, SAE International; Matt Turner, Chief Technology Officer for Media and Entertainment, MarkLogic; and Mark Gross, President of DCL. Their discussion will tackle the essential topic of how and why companies strive to make their content smarter, as a strategic asset that drives revenue. June 13 – "Technical Storytelling" presented by Allie Proff, Content Strategist in Knowledge Management at Boeing. This webinar will explore how DITA can be used to connect with users and find the most powerful interpretations of data. The program will also cite examples where storytelling is used in technical fields. "DCL's webinar series has always been a go-to for professionals looking to glean information on important issues, strategies and tactics in tech today," said Tom Smith, Director of Marketing at DCL. "We are excited about the upcoming lineup." About Data Conversion Laboratory, Inc. (DCL) Since 1981, DCL has been a leader in helping organizations maximize the value of their content assets investment through digitization and organization, making reuse easier, and providing greater accessibility. DCL's teams are experts in converting content into all structured formats, including XML, S1000D, SGML, proprietary schemas, and others. With DCL's process, content quality is vastly improved, systems are future-proofed, redundancies are eliminated, and revenue opportunities are expanded. DCL uses its advanced technology and U.S.-based project management teams to help solve the most complex conversion challenges securely, accurately and on time. DCL is a multi-year winner of EContent's Top 100 companies. Contact: Ariane Doud, Warner Communications, (978) 283-2674, 156085@email4pr.com SOURCE Data Conversion Laboratory (DCL) CategoriesUncategorized TagsAerospace/Defense, Computer/ Electronics, Conference Call Announcements, Publishing/Information Services, Web site Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Notice of Capital Markets Event Next PostNext Significant customer win and Q1 update Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Theme Welcome · log in · join Show navigation Hide navigation Home Reviews How Charts Latest Speed Test Run Test Run Ping History Preferences Results Run Streams Servers Country Tools Intro FAQ Line Quality Smoke Ping Tweak Test Line Monitor Monitor Groups My IP is Whois Calculator Tool Points News News tip? Forums All Forums Hot Topics Gallery Info Hardware All FAQs Site FAQ DSL FAQ Cable Tech About contact about us community ISP FAQ Add ISP ISP Ind. Forums Join   Monday Morning Links by Revcb Monday Apr 24 2017 06:40 EDT • Apple's next big launch may be investing in Boeing satellite broadband project [techradar.com] • Just a few months after having its credentials for participation in the FCC’s low-income Lifeline program revoked, FreedomPop has found a new Lifeline-related revenue stream [telecompetitor.com] • Cable-Powered Wireless Faces Tech Hurdles [lightreading.com] • Zero Data goes to Europe: T-Mobile gets all-clear on 'data-free' music streaming in Netherlands - Data-Free music bundle does not violate net neutrality regulations, court rules [nltimes.nl] • Comcast, NCTA, ACA laud FCC’s BDS deregulation ruling [fiercecable.com] • Live OTT Viewing Expected to Eclipse Broadcast TV in Five Years: Survey [multichannel.com] • Russian hacker Roman Seleznev sentenced to the longest hacking-related sentence in US: 27 years for theft, sale of 2M+ CC numbers resulting in $170M+ in losses [nytimes.com]• MIT to unload 8 million IPv4 addresses to fund IPv6 conversion [techspot.com] News Jump CenturyLink Revamps Pricing, Hidden Fees in Wake of User LossesWall Street Really Wants Comcast & Verizon to Merge»Monday Morning Links Verizon Finally Offers Gigabit FiOS SpeedsAT&T Expands Gigabit Availability to Parts of 8 New MarketsNet Neutrality Activists 'Rick Roll' FCC MeetingForum Topic: Canada Protects Net NeutralityCanada Protects Net Neutrality As U.S. Prepares to Dismantle ItFriday Morning Links Verizon Sees a Net Loss of 13,000 FiOS TV Customers----------------------this weeklast weekmost discussed Most recommended from 3 comments Anon13da0 @2601:8b:4500:18a.x Anon13da0 Anon Yesterday 8:24 am Russian hacker sentenced to 27 yrs Maybe Trump can get Russia to handover the 3 dozens other hackers they refuse to prosecute in Russia. Russian govt is a criminal organization and needs to start playing ball with the rest of the world in locking up these thieves. · actions · Yesterday 8:24 am · News ISP News Got news? Tools Speed Test Smokeping Ping Test 24x7 Broadband Monitor ISP Reviews Review an ISP Latest GBU Information Hardware FAQs Community Join Welcome Members For Sale Forums All Forums DSLReports Feedback About Contact FAQ Terms of Use Privacy Follow Site Mobile mode DSLReports.com © DSLReports.com Est. 1999 Tuesday, 25-Apr 03:04:11 Hosted by Liquid Networks
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 25 Apr 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Multi-entry visa proposed to boost tourist arrivals in GCC GCC turns to China, India to boost growth in tourism Saudi health care sector 'to require $68.11bln by 2030' Power outage plunges Dubai Mall into darkness for 90 minutes Emirates Red Crescent's first phase of projects in Yemen's Socotra Dubai's freehold residents' woes: We need someone to listen to us Why Dubai’s tenants and landlords (mostly) stay silent Dubai's push for transparent real estate arbitration Emirates Red Crescent's first phase of projects in Yemen's Socotra Talaat Mostafa buys land for $243.8mln at Egypt's new capital site EU's LafargeHolcim CEO to step down over Syria investigation GCC hospitality project value exceeds $148bln in Q1 2017 Oil edges up after 6 days of straight losses US's GE Power division signs $3bln services deal in Algeria Canada's SNC wins design contract from Saudi Aramco for Berri oilfield Saudi's ACWA Power revives dollar bond plans NBAD shareholders approve name change post merger Why did UAE lenders slash interest rates on loans? Malaysia and Abu Dhabi settle 1MDB dispute with $1.2bln deal UK's HSBC bank wins mandate on $100bln Saudi Aramco IPO- CEO Why did UAE lenders slash interest rates on loans? Qatar's Masraf Al Rayan Q1 net profit falls 6.5% UAE's Dar Al Takaful effects rights issue to raise its capital Malaysia and Abu Dhabi settle 1MDB dispute with $1.2bln deal Tesla bets big on Model 3 Apple delays release of first original series 'Carpool Karaoke' Rain enhancement: Cloud-seeding drones heading to UAE Mobily holds back Saudi index as Dubai drops and Egypt stabilises Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudi Cabinet throws its support for inter-Arab investments Saudisation: Job advertisement for French-speaking Saudis slammed Gulf states must donate to avert famine in Yemen - U.N. Fund to assist laid off Omanis proposed Multi-entry visa proposed to boost tourist arrivals in GCC Saudisation: Job advertisement for French-speaking Saudis slammed Gulf states must donate to avert famine in Yemen - U.N. Fund to assist laid off Omanis proposed More join Palestinian prisoners’ strike New Lebanese law could avoid fresh parliamentary crisis Army kills Islamic State emir, arrests nine extremists Dolls, teddy bears return to eastern Mosul after Islamic State US's GE Power division signs $3bln services deal in Algeria Egypt wheat reserves at 2.6 months Walk like an Egyptian Talaat Mostafa buys land for $243.8mln at Egypt's new capital site GCC turns to China, India to boost growth in tourism Apple delays release of first original series 'Carpool Karaoke' Aid agencies call for life-saving support to Yemen Drone strike kills 3 civilians, four militants in Yemen Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Euro pauses after rally, Canadian dlr hit by US duties on lumber Oil edges up after 6 days of straight losses NBAD shareholders approve name change post merger Mobily holds back Saudi index as Dubai drops and Egypt stabilises Mobily holds back Saudi index as Dubai drops and Egypt stabilises UAE's Dar Al Takaful effects rights issue to raise its capital UAE's Etihad Airways appoints new boss in charge of airline stakes UK's HSBC bank wins mandate on $100bln Saudi Aramco IPO- CEO Euro pauses after rally, Canadian dlr hit by US duties on lumber Tunisia will restrict some imports to tackle trade deficit-PM Gold slips as dollar rises, but geopolitical worries support Saudi likely to resume local debt issues soon -finance minister Gold eases in French election afterglow; safe-haven demand supports Oil edges up after 6 days of straight losses Kuwait Appeals Court upholds oil price increase Egypt wheat reserves at 2.6 months Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Kuwait Appeals Court upholds oil price increase UAE to ban imports of some vegetables and fruits 54 food transport vehicles seized in Dubai for violating safety rules Pakistan army pledges transparency in PM Sharif’s fraud probe Multi-entry visa proposed to boost tourist arrivals in GCC Saudisation: Job advertisement for French-speaking Saudis slammed Kuwait Appeals Court upholds oil price increase Pakistan army pledges transparency in PM Sharif’s fraud probe UAE motorists ignore child safety; 33% don't own child seats New Zealand mulls restricting laptops on flights from Middle East 26 hostages, including Qatari royals, freed in Iraq Oman government website restored after hack Kuwait Appeals Court upholds oil price increase 54 food transport vehicles seized in Dubai for violating safety rules Rain enhancement: Cloud-seeding drones heading to UAE Malaysia and Abu Dhabi settle 1MDB dispute with $1.2bln deal Bank accounts for house help in Saudi UAE motorists ignore child safety; 33% don't own child seats New Saudi advisory centres to assist community on legal, social issues Why Dubai’s tenants and landlords (mostly) stay silent Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports No Haj permits for UAE expats this or next Haj season IPL: Testing time for Kohli’s form and temperament Is technology taking over UAE classrooms? Indian chef cooks for 53 hours straight to set world record Virtual training for dentists UAE to ban imports of some vegetables and fruits When snacking becomes healthy Saudi foundation pledges $50mln to eradicate measles Excellent performance allowance: Kuwait hikes number of attendance days for teachers Despite low funding, literacy spread among women in past 50 years Pricey schools in Dubai indifferent to new parents: Survey Expat students in a fix after India changes admission rules Dubai Mall plunged into darkness after power failure Indian chef cooks for 53 hours straight to set world record Aston Martin Owners Club Saudi Arabia inaugurated Dolls, teddy bears return to eastern Mosul after Islamic State Multi-entry visa proposed to boost tourist arrivals in GCC GCC turns to China, India to boost growth in tourism No Haj permits for UAE expats this or next Haj season Key trends at ATM Dubai: Electronics ban, experiential travel in focus Hillary Clinton makes surprise appearance at New York film panel 'American Gods' reflects real world issues in modern mythology saga 'Guardians of the Galaxy' sequel gives heroes new "million-piece puzzle" Singer Natalie Imbruglia makes a comeback IPL: Testing time for Kohli’s form and temperament RCB: Bangalore's star power refuses to translate into IPL success Soccer: Milestone man Messi puts on sensational Clasico display Younis reaches 10,000 test runs in first for Pakistan Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Arabian Travel Market 2017 Article aviation Qatar Airways to hire cabin crew from Dubai this month 24 April, 2017 An air stewardess for Qatar Airways poses in the economy class cabin of the new Boeing 787 Dreamliner at the Farnborough Airshow 2012 in southern England July 10, 2012. REUTERS/Luke MacGregor Reuters/Luke MacGregor Candidate screening is part of a series of recruitment events scheduled to take place worldwide between April and May 24 April 2017 By Cleofe Maceda, Senior Web Reporter Dubai: Qatar Airways is holding a recruitment event in Dubai this month to hire new cabin crew, according to the airline’s recent career advisory. The candidate screening in the emirate, scheduled to take place on April 28, is part of a series of events the Gulf carrier has scheduled worldwide to expand its flight staff. The airline is also looking to hire applicants from various cities in Asia, Europe and Africa, including Cebu, Philippines; Chiang Mai, Thailand; Brussels, Belgium; Durban, South Africa; Athens, Greece; Yerevan, Armenia and Kuwait. Candidates are being enticed to join the carrier’s growing cabin crew with a tax-free compensation package, plus a chance to travel the world. “Dinner in Paris, lunch in New York, breakfast in Montreal, while cruising around the world at 40,000 feet on some of the most modern aircraft in the world is definitely not your typical office job,” the airline said on its website. Advertisement Interested applicants are advised to wear a formal business attire and bring along their CV, including one passport photocopy, one passport photograph, one full length photo and one photocopy of their highest education certificate. Operating in more than 150 destinations and currently undergoing a rapid expansion, the Doha-based carrier has announced new routes that will kick off this year. Planned expansion for 2017-2018 will see new flights introduced to various destinations, including Nice, France; Dublin, Ireland; Chiang Mai, Thailand; Las Vegas, United States and Canberra, Australia, among many others. Last year, the airline introduced flights to 14 new destinations and acquired 19 additional aircraft. As of April 2017, its fleet on order includes more than 300 aircraft: 110 Boeing 777Xs, 10 Boeing 777-300ER, 66 Airbus A350s, 30 Boeing 787s, 4 Boeing 777F, 75 Airbus A320 Neos, 6 Airbus A380-800s, 8 Airbus A330 Freighters and 60 Boeing 737 MAX 8. Recruitment events: Brussels, Belgium- May 6 , Steigenberger Wiltcher’s Durban, South Africa- May 6, Hilton Durban Athens, Greece- May 7, Athenaeum Intercontinental Yerevan, Armenia- May 6, Opera Suite Hotel Kuwait- April 28, Movenpick Hotel & Resort Dubai, UAE- April 28 (between 2pm and 8pm), Nassima Royal Hotel (formerly Radisson Royal Hotel Dubai) Cebu City, Philippines- April 30, Radisson Blu Chiang Mai, Thailand- April 25, Holiday Inn Chiang Mai All recruitment events, except the screening in Dubai, will start at 9am sharp. © Gulf News 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: uae qatar jobs Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Etihad Aviation Group appoints Robin Kamark as Chief Executive Officer, Airline Equity Partners 20 hours ago  from Four Communications Group Oman's Ooredoo appoints new Chief Audit Executive 21 hours ago Dubai's Hospitality Management Holding appoints a new CEO 22 hours ago Chairman of Sharjah Airport Authority re-elected as regional board director of Airports Council International (ACI) Asia-Pacific 2 days ago  from Sahara Oman's Bank Nizwa appoints Dr Mansour Alqudah as head of Shari'a compliance 2 days ago  from TRACCS Bahrain's Ibdar Bank appoints Sejiny as CEO 2 days ago Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Structural Electronics Market Research Report Forecast 2017-2021 The Global Structural Electronics Market Research Report Forecast 2017-2021 is a valuable source of insightful data for business strategists. It provides the Structural Electronics industry overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This Structural Electronics market study provides comprehensive data which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report. This report provides comprehensive analysis of Key market segments and sub-segments Evolving market trends and dynamics Changing supply and demand scenarios Quantifying market opportunities through market sizing and market forecasting Tracking current trends/opportunities/challenges Competitive insights Opportunity mapping in terms of technological breakthroughs Request Sample Report: www.reportbazzar.com/request-sample/?pid=901808&ptitle=Gl… Global Structural Electronics Market: Regional Segment Analysis North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India The Major players reported in the market include: Boeing Canatu Faradair Aerospace Local Motors Neotech Odyssian Technology Paper Battery Co. Pavegen smart paving Soligie … Global Structural Electronics Market: Product Segment Analysis Type 1 Type 2 Type 3 Global Structural Electronics Market: Application Segment Analysis Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 Reasons for Buying this Report This report provides pin-point analysis for changing competitive dynamics It provides a forward looking perspective on different factors driving or restraining market growth It provides a six-year forecast assessed on the basis of how the market is predicted to grow It helps in understanding the key product segments and their future It provides pin point analysis of changing competition dynamics and keeps you ahead of competitors It helps in making informed business decisions by having complete insights of market and by making in-depth analysis of market segments Browse report summery with TOC: www.reportbazzar.com/product/global-structural-electronic… Table of Content: Chapter 1 Structural Electronics Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Structural Electronics 1.2 Structural Electronics Market Segmentation by Type 1.2.1 Global Production Market Share of Structural Electronics by Type in 2015 1.2.1 Type 1 1.2.2 Type 2 1.2.3 Type 3 1.3 Structural Electronics Market Segmentation by Application 1.3.1 Structural Electronics Consumption Market Share by Application in 2015 1.3.2 Application 1 1.3.3 Application 2 1.3.4 Application 3 1.4 Structural Electronics Market Segmentation by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Structural Electronics (2012-2021) Chapter 2 Global Economic Impact on Structural Electronics Industry 2.1 Global Macroeconomic Environment Analysis 2.1.1 Global Macroeconomic Analysis 2.1.2 Global Macroeconomic Environment Development Trend 2.2 Global Macroeconomic Environment Analysis by Regions Chapter 3 Global Structural Electronics Market Competition by Manufacturers 3.1 Global Structural Electronics Production and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 3.2 Global Structural Electronics Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 3.3 Global Structural Electronics Average Price by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 3.4 Manufacturers Structural Electronics Manufacturing Base Distribution, Production Area and Product Type 3.5 Structural Electronics Market Competitive Situation and Trends 3.5.1 Structural Electronics Market Concentration Rate 3.5.2 Structural Electronics Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 3.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion Enquiry before Buying: www.reportbazzar.com/discount-form/?pid=901808&ptitle=Glo… About Us: Reportbazzar.com is your trusted source for the most inclusive and informative assortment of market research reports designed to empower you with the latest in industry information that translates to time and cost savings for your business. We not only help you give wing to your latent business ideas but also facilitate you in taking the best informed and strategic decisions that guarantee success in your most promising business endeavors. ReportBazzar United States 30 Wall Street, 8th floor, New York, NY 10005. Phone No. : +1 (212) 389-6363 Email: sales@reportbazzar.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIndustry, Real Estate & Construction Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Potato Flour Market World Analysis by Type & by Region with Key Benefits and Collection of Latest Data Forecast Report Next PostNext Florida Governor Rick Scott Breaks Ground with Window Manufacturer, NewSouth Window Solutions Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Firstpost . Tuesday, April 25, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics Mehbooba Mufti chairs crucial security meeting in Srinagar MCD Election 2017: Irrespective of results, introspection is need of the hour for AAP DMK leads shutdown in Tamil Nadu seeking drought relief package; Stalin arrested Imposing Hindi, forced birth control on North East states not a good idea, may backfire on BJP Dinakaran grilled by police for 7 hrs, accepts meeting Sukesh Chandrasekar Amit Shah to begin 15-day nationwide 'Vistaar Yatra' from Naxalbari in West Bengal Sports Zaheer Khan announces engagement with Chak De! actress Sagarika Ghatge IPL 2017: Gujarat Lions sign Irfan Pathan as replacement for injured Dwayne Bravo West Indies vs Pakistan, 1st Test: Yasir Shah's heroics give visitors a chance of victory on Day 5 Younis Khan's entry into 10,000-run club puts him on par with cricket's all-time greats IPL 2017: Washington Sundar provided balance to RPS's bowling unit in win over MI IPL 2017: Sachin Tendulkar celebrates birthday at Wankhede as thousands sing 'happy birthday' India Sukma attack LIVE: Rajnath Singh calls death of 26 CRPF men 'cold-blooded murder by Maoists' Chetan Bhagat's book Five Point Someone will now be a part of English literature syllabus at Delhi University LPG subsidy success: Modi govt's give-it-up campaign to now ask people to forego food subsidies Sadhvi Pragya Thakur gets bail in 2008 Malegaon case; Bombay HC denies co-accused Purohit's plea Damage to Yamuna floodplains: Art of Living responds to Firstpost article on NGT row India swaps 40-yr-old definition of blindness for WHO criteria: Move may allow blanket discrimination against visually impaired World French Presidential Elections 2017: Far-right candidate Marine Le Pen steps down as leader of National Front 'Mother of all Bombs' is further proof of faulty US strategy in Afghanistan over the years Afghanistan defence chief quits over Taliban attack on army base; US warns of 'another tough year' Barack Obama speaks on leadership at first event since leaving office, doesn't mention Trump Spy agencies from 'Five eyes' gather in New Zealand - PM, sources | Reuters Chile rocked by 6.9-magnitude quake; no major damage reported | Reuters Business LPG subsidy success: Modi govt's give-it-up campaign to now ask people to forego food subsidies Would Apple, IBM, Cisco have succeeded without best talent from across the world, asks Urjit Patel Fresh trouble for Sahara: Aamby Valley gets Rs 24,647 cr I-T notice, biggest tax penalty on any corporate Nasscom calls out US lies: Infy, TCS got only 8.8% H-1B visas; India accounts for less than 20% H-1B visa issue: US says 'greatly values' India's investment, wants strong economic ties Digital transactions: Aadhaar-based cashless payment for postal services under study Life What the nation wants to know: Does Arnab Goswami, or anyone else, really know? The Taj Mahal by moonlight is magic; but ASI isn't encouraging you to experience it KH Ara's art wasn't celebrated like Raza, Husain's; a new exhibition hopes to remedy that Amid the tea plantations of Jalpaiguri, West Bengal, what drives the hunt for 'witches' Feminism is not about shutting things down. It's about claiming your pleasure: Geeta Patel Charles Sobhraj, now 72, is hoping changed laws will let him walk out of a Kathmandu prison Entertainment Sagarika Ghatge has had a rollercoaster ride from Chak De! India to being Zaheer Khan's fiance Zaheer Khan announces engagement with Chak De! actress Sagarika Ghatge Sonakshi Sinha-Armaan Malik feud on Twitter; actress clarifies she isn't performing at Justin Bieber gig Aamir Khan makes exception for Lata Mangeshkar, accepts award after years for Dangal Aamir Khan attends first award show in years, gets felicitated for Dangal TVF CEO Arunabh Kumar arrested on sexual harassment charges; released on Rs 10,000 bail Photos Videos TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी IPL 2017 MCD Election You are here: Latest News Business News H-1B visa row: Why Infosys, TCS need to make right noises with those who matter in Trump administration H-1B visa row: Why Infosys, TCS need to make right noises with those who matter in Trump administration BusinessSulekha NairApr, 24 2017 15:49:54 IST #Cognizant#Donald trump#Ford motors#General motors#H-1b visa#Indian it industry#Infosys#Ivanka trump#Jared kushner#Narendra modi#Tcs#Toyota To say that Indian IT majors would deliberately cheat the US with regard to H-1B visa applications is stretching the truth, said industry experts to Firstpost. “The Indian companies that apply for large numbers of H-1B visa under the US lottery system do so because of their size and scale. It is not cheating,” said an IT analyst. The Trump administration came down harshly on top Indian information technology (IT) companies Tata Consultancy Services Ltd (TCS) and Infosys Ltd of unfairly cornering the lion’s share of H-1B visas by putting extra tickets in the lottery system, which it wants to replace with a more merit-based immigration policy. At a White House briefing last week, an official in the Trump administration said a small number of big outsourcing firms flood the system with applications which naturally ups their chances of success in the lottery draw. “You may know their names well, but like the top recipients of the H-1B visa are companies like Tata (TCS), Infosys, Cognizant—they will apply for a very large number of visas, more than they get, by putting extra tickets in the lottery raffle, if you will, and then they’ll get the lion’s share of visas,” the senior official said, according to transcript of the briefing posted on the White House website. Representational image. News 18 Tightening H-1B visa norms The Trump administration has been tightening norms for H-1B visa since Donald Trump became president. Trump has a poll promise to keep up to: To create more local jobs. Ever since he was elected to office, Trump has been reiterating his campaign promise of focusing on American manufacturing. "Our goal as a nation must be to rely less on imports and more on products made here in the USA," Trump had said that when he visited Boeing’s South Carolina plant in February. Earlier in January, Trump threatened to impose 35 percent tariff on imported vehicles. He called the three US auto majors -- General Motors CEO Mary Barra, Ford Motor’s Mark Fields and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles’ Sergio Marchionne - to the White House and told them he wanted to see more auto plants in the United States. Most of what Trump administration is putting out is smoke and mirrors and the truth of these statements is not known, said an industry veteran. “Remember what Trump said about China during his campaign days and how it all changed when China came visiting to the White house?” Trump was indeed scathing in his speeches and also some of his tweets against China. Consider this tweet: "We can’t continue to allow China to rape our country and that’s what they’re doing. It’s the greatest theft in the history of the world.” After meeting with the Chinese president Xi Jingping, Trump softened his stance against China. What can Indian companies do? Trump’s style is to threaten and then get statements from the companies concerned. That is what he is hoping to by his administration naming the Indian IT firms during a briefing on the president’s executive order issued last week, said an IT analyst. Remember how he threatened Toyota with a ‘big border tax’ if they were to go ahead with the plan to build a plant in Mexico, he said. Harish HV, Partner, India Leadership Team, Grant Thornton India LLP, is of the opinion that India should adopt a wait-and-watch policy with regard to the Trump administration. “Every one of the Indian IT firms that work in the US contribute to the US economy. They have a substantial hand in making the US what it is today,” he pointed out. Another way of combating what Trump administration' s statements that go against Indian IT firms is for the latter to make the right noises with those who matter in that administration. Meeting with Steve Mnuchin, US Treasury Secretary, may not be the right route for India to take. Instead, "Indian IT companies should meet Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner and daughter Ivanka Trump – senior advisor and special assistant to Trump respectively -- who have Donald Trump’s ear", suggests Kris Laxmikanth, founder CEO & MD, The Head Hunters India, Bangalore and visiting faculty, Institute of Management, Ranchi. Most of the first world heads of state starting with UK’s Theresa May, Japan’s Shinzo Abe, China’s Xi Jingping to German Chancellor Angela Merkel and others have met Trump since he took office in mid-January. PM Modi is meeting Trump much later either in May or July. It would have helped the Indian IT companies cause if both heads of state had met earlier, says Laxmikanth. One way out for the Indian IT firms would be to lobby on their own with the Trump administration independent of Nasscom, says Laxmikanth, which is what the IT majors will do, he says. Another way for the IT companies would be to create jobs for locals in the US to show that they are following through what they have been saying, he says. “The Indian technology companies have to get used to the change in visa policies and have strategies to deal with the changed political environment,” says Laxmikanth. #Cognizant#Donald trump#Ford motors#General motors#H-1b visa#Indian it industry#Infosys#Ivanka trump#Jared kushner#Narendra modi#Tcs#Toyota Published Date: Apr 24, 2017 03:06 pm | Updated Date: Apr 24, 2017 03:49 pm Also See Irony of H-1B visa policy: Jobs Trump is trying to protect are about to vanish altogether Nasscom calls out US lies: Infy, TCS got only 8.8% H-1B visas; India accounts for less than 20% More than H-1B visa issue, Indian IT companies feel the heat of rising rupee against dollar, say analysts H-1B visa issue: US accuses Infosys, TCS, Cognizant of violating norms, cornering lion's share of visas T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 Apr 25 RCB Vs SRH 2 Apr 26 RPS Vs KKR 3 Apr 27 RCB Vs GL 4 Apr 28 KKR Vs DD 5 Apr 28 KXIP Vs SRH Full Schedule Top Stories Sadhvi Pragya Thakur gets bail in 2008 Malegaon case; Bombay HC denies co-accused Purohit's plea Sukma Attack Cold-Blooded, Government to Review Naxal Policy: Rajnath Singh 'Mother of all Bombs' is further proof of faulty US strategy in Afghanistan over the years IPL 2017: Washington Sundar provided balance to RPS's bowling unit in win over MI How to gain from a balanced fund? Would Apple, IBM, Cisco have succeeded without best talent from across the world, asks Urjit Patel How Dadasaheb Phalke award winner K Viswanath made a mark on Telugu, Tamil and Hindi cinema Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs PNE Rising Pune Supergiant beat Mumbai Indians by 3 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL Vs BLR Kolkata Knight Riders beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 82 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs PUN Kings XI Punjab beat Gujarat Lions by 26 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs DEL Mumbai Indians beat Delhi Daredevils by 14 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE Vs HYD Rising Pune Supergiant beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 6 wickets Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI Vs PAK Live Now Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL Vs GUJ Gujarat Lions beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 4 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN Vs MUM Mumbai Indians beat Kings XI Punjab by 8 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs DEL Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Delhi Daredevils by 15 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs BLR Royal Challengers Bangalore beat Gujarat Lions by 21 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs HYD - Apr 25th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs KOL - Apr 26th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs GUJ - Apr 27th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs DEL - Apr 28th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs HYD - Apr 28th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs BLR - Apr 29th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs MUM - Apr 29th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs DEL - Apr 30th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 30th, 2017, 07:30 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD vs KOL - Apr 30th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Delhi MCD Elections 2017 South Delhi MCD Election Ward List 2017 North Delhi MCD Election Ward List 2017 East Delhi MCD Election Ward List 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Firstpost . Tuesday, April 25, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics Mehbooba Mufti chairs crucial security meeting in Srinagar MCD Election 2017: Irrespective of results, introspection is need of the hour for AAP DMK leads shutdown in Tamil Nadu seeking drought relief package; Stalin arrested Imposing Hindi, forced birth control on North East states not a good idea, may backfire on BJP Dinakaran grilled by police for 7 hrs, accepts meeting Sukesh Chandrasekar Amit Shah to begin 15-day nationwide 'Vistaar Yatra' from Naxalbari in West Bengal Sports Zaheer Khan announces engagement with Chak De! actress Sagarika Ghatge IPL 2017: Gujarat Lions sign Irfan Pathan as replacement for injured Dwayne Bravo West Indies vs Pakistan, 1st Test: Yasir Shah's heroics give visitors a chance of victory on Day 5 Younis Khan's entry into 10,000-run club puts him on par with cricket's all-time greats IPL 2017: Washington Sundar provided balance to RPS's bowling unit in win over MI IPL 2017: Sachin Tendulkar celebrates birthday at Wankhede as thousands sing 'happy birthday' India Sukma attack LIVE: Rajnath Singh calls death of 26 CRPF men 'cold-blooded murder by Maoists' Chetan Bhagat's book Five Point Someone will now be a part of English literature syllabus at Delhi University LPG subsidy success: Modi govt's give-it-up campaign to now ask people to forego food subsidies Sadhvi Pragya Thakur gets bail in 2008 Malegaon case; Bombay HC denies co-accused Purohit's plea Damage to Yamuna floodplains: Art of Living responds to Firstpost article on NGT row India swaps 40-yr-old definition of blindness for WHO criteria: Move may allow blanket discrimination against visually impaired World French Presidential Elections 2017: Far-right candidate Marine Le Pen steps down as leader of National Front 'Mother of all Bombs' is further proof of faulty US strategy in Afghanistan over the years Afghanistan defence chief quits over Taliban attack on army base; US warns of 'another tough year' Barack Obama speaks on leadership at first event since leaving office, doesn't mention Trump Spy agencies from 'Five eyes' gather in New Zealand - PM, sources | Reuters Chile rocked by 6.9-magnitude quake; no major damage reported | Reuters Business LPG subsidy success: Modi govt's give-it-up campaign to now ask people to forego food subsidies Would Apple, IBM, Cisco have succeeded without best talent from across the world, asks Urjit Patel Fresh trouble for Sahara: Aamby Valley gets Rs 24,647 cr I-T notice, biggest tax penalty on any corporate Nasscom calls out US lies: Infy, TCS got only 8.8% H-1B visas; India accounts for less than 20% H-1B visa issue: US says 'greatly values' India's investment, wants strong economic ties Digital transactions: Aadhaar-based cashless payment for postal services under study Life What the nation wants to know: Does Arnab Goswami, or anyone else, really know? The Taj Mahal by moonlight is magic; but ASI isn't encouraging you to experience it KH Ara's art wasn't celebrated like Raza, Husain's; a new exhibition hopes to remedy that Amid the tea plantations of Jalpaiguri, West Bengal, what drives the hunt for 'witches' Feminism is not about shutting things down. It's about claiming your pleasure: Geeta Patel Charles Sobhraj, now 72, is hoping changed laws will let him walk out of a Kathmandu prison Entertainment Sagarika Ghatge has had a rollercoaster ride from Chak De! India to being Zaheer Khan's fiance Zaheer Khan announces engagement with Chak De! actress Sagarika Ghatge Sonakshi Sinha-Armaan Malik feud on Twitter; actress clarifies she isn't performing at Justin Bieber gig Aamir Khan makes exception for Lata Mangeshkar, accepts award after years for Dangal Aamir Khan attends first award show in years, gets felicitated for Dangal TVF CEO Arunabh Kumar arrested on sexual harassment charges; released on Rs 10,000 bail Photos Videos TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी IPL 2017 MCD Election You are here: Latest News Business News H-1B visa row: Why Infosys, TCS need to make right noises with those who matter in Trump administration H-1B visa row: Why Infosys, TCS need to make right noises with those who matter in Trump administration BusinessSulekha NairApr, 24 2017 15:49:54 IST #Cognizant#Donald trump#Ford motors#General motors#H-1b visa#Indian it industry#Infosys#Ivanka trump#Jared kushner#Narendra modi#Tcs#Toyota To say that Indian IT majors would deliberately cheat the US with regard to H-1B visa applications is stretching the truth, said industry experts to Firstpost. “The Indian companies that apply for large numbers of H-1B visa under the US lottery system do so because of their size and scale. It is not cheating,” said an IT analyst. The Trump administration came down harshly on top Indian information technology (IT) companies Tata Consultancy Services Ltd (TCS) and Infosys Ltd of unfairly cornering the lion’s share of H-1B visas by putting extra tickets in the lottery system, which it wants to replace with a more merit-based immigration policy. At a White House briefing last week, an official in the Trump administration said a small number of big outsourcing firms flood the system with applications which naturally ups their chances of success in the lottery draw. “You may know their names well, but like the top recipients of the H-1B visa are companies like Tata (TCS), Infosys, Cognizant—they will apply for a very large number of visas, more than they get, by putting extra tickets in the lottery raffle, if you will, and then they’ll get the lion’s share of visas,” the senior official said, according to transcript of the briefing posted on the White House website. Representational image. News 18 Tightening H-1B visa norms The Trump administration has been tightening norms for H-1B visa since Donald Trump became president. Trump has a poll promise to keep up to: To create more local jobs. Ever since he was elected to office, Trump has been reiterating his campaign promise of focusing on American manufacturing. "Our goal as a nation must be to rely less on imports and more on products made here in the USA," Trump had said that when he visited Boeing’s South Carolina plant in February. Earlier in January, Trump threatened to impose 35 percent tariff on imported vehicles. He called the three US auto majors -- General Motors CEO Mary Barra, Ford Motor’s Mark Fields and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles’ Sergio Marchionne - to the White House and told them he wanted to see more auto plants in the United States. Most of what Trump administration is putting out is smoke and mirrors and the truth of these statements is not known, said an industry veteran. “Remember what Trump said about China during his campaign days and how it all changed when China came visiting to the White house?” Trump was indeed scathing in his speeches and also some of his tweets against China. Consider this tweet: "We can’t continue to allow China to rape our country and that’s what they’re doing. It’s the greatest theft in the history of the world.” After meeting with the Chinese president Xi Jingping, Trump softened his stance against China. What can Indian companies do? Trump’s style is to threaten and then get statements from the companies concerned. That is what he is hoping to by his administration naming the Indian IT firms during a briefing on the president’s executive order issued last week, said an IT analyst. Remember how he threatened Toyota with a ‘big border tax’ if they were to go ahead with the plan to build a plant in Mexico, he said. Harish HV, Partner, India Leadership Team, Grant Thornton India LLP, is of the opinion that India should adopt a wait-and-watch policy with regard to the Trump administration. “Every one of the Indian IT firms that work in the US contribute to the US economy. They have a substantial hand in making the US what it is today,” he pointed out. Another way of combating what Trump administration' s statements that go against Indian IT firms is for the latter to make the right noises with those who matter in that administration. Meeting with Steve Mnuchin, US Treasury Secretary, may not be the right route for India to take. Instead, "Indian IT companies should meet Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner and daughter Ivanka Trump – senior advisor and special assistant to Trump respectively -- who have Donald Trump’s ear", suggests Kris Laxmikanth, founder CEO & MD, The Head Hunters India, Bangalore and visiting faculty, Institute of Management, Ranchi. Most of the first world heads of state starting with UK’s Theresa May, Japan’s Shinzo Abe, China’s Xi Jingping to German Chancellor Angela Merkel and others have met Trump since he took office in mid-January. PM Modi is meeting Trump much later either in May or July. It would have helped the Indian IT companies cause if both heads of state had met earlier, says Laxmikanth. One way out for the Indian IT firms would be to lobby on their own with the Trump administration independent of Nasscom, says Laxmikanth, which is what the IT majors will do, he says. Another way for the IT companies would be to create jobs for locals in the US to show that they are following through what they have been saying, he says. “The Indian technology companies have to get used to the change in visa policies and have strategies to deal with the changed political environment,” says Laxmikanth. #Cognizant#Donald trump#Ford motors#General motors#H-1b visa#Indian it industry#Infosys#Ivanka trump#Jared kushner#Narendra modi#Tcs#Toyota Published Date: Apr 24, 2017 03:06 pm | Updated Date: Apr 24, 2017 03:49 pm Also See Irony of H-1B visa policy: Jobs Trump is trying to protect are about to vanish altogether Nasscom calls out US lies: Infy, TCS got only 8.8% H-1B visas; India accounts for less than 20% More than H-1B visa issue, Indian IT companies feel the heat of rising rupee against dollar, say analysts H-1B visa issue: US accuses Infosys, TCS, Cognizant of violating norms, cornering lion's share of visas T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 Apr 25 RCB Vs SRH 2 Apr 26 RPS Vs KKR 3 Apr 27 RCB Vs GL 4 Apr 28 KKR Vs DD 5 Apr 28 KXIP Vs SRH Full Schedule Top Stories Sadhvi Pragya Thakur gets bail in 2008 Malegaon case; Bombay HC denies co-accused Purohit's plea Sukma Attack Cold-Blooded, Government to Review Naxal Policy: Rajnath Singh 'Mother of all Bombs' is further proof of faulty US strategy in Afghanistan over the years IPL 2017: Washington Sundar provided balance to RPS's bowling unit in win over MI How to gain from a balanced fund? Would Apple, IBM, Cisco have succeeded without best talent from across the world, asks Urjit Patel How Dadasaheb Phalke award winner K Viswanath made a mark on Telugu, Tamil and Hindi cinema Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs PNE Rising Pune Supergiant beat Mumbai Indians by 3 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL Vs BLR Kolkata Knight Riders beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 82 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs PUN Kings XI Punjab beat Gujarat Lions by 26 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs DEL Mumbai Indians beat Delhi Daredevils by 14 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE Vs HYD Rising Pune Supergiant beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 6 wickets Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI Vs PAK Live Now Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL Vs GUJ Gujarat Lions beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 4 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN Vs MUM Mumbai Indians beat Kings XI Punjab by 8 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs DEL Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Delhi Daredevils by 15 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs BLR Royal Challengers Bangalore beat Gujarat Lions by 21 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs HYD - Apr 25th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs KOL - Apr 26th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs GUJ - Apr 27th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs DEL - Apr 28th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs HYD - Apr 28th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs BLR - Apr 29th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs MUM - Apr 29th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs DEL - Apr 30th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 30th, 2017, 07:30 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD vs KOL - Apr 30th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Delhi MCD Elections 2017 South Delhi MCD Election Ward List 2017 North Delhi MCD Election Ward List 2017 East Delhi MCD Election Ward List 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Qatar Air Adds San Francisco After Emirates' Trump Cuts by Deena Kamel More stories by Deena Kamel April 24, 2017, 4:52 AM EDT April 24, 2017, 8:02 AM EDT Airline ignores Trump travel bans to expand U.S. routes to 15 ‘We still have robust loads,’ Qatar Airways CEO Al Baker says Qatar Airways Ltd. announced plans to add San Francisco to its network of U.S. destinations, plotting expansion just days after rival Emirates moved to reduce flights to the country citing President Donald Trump’s travel restrictions. The Doha-based carrier will serve the California city starting in 2018, the company said Monday at a press conference in Dubai. The Persian Gulf airline will use Boeing Co. 777-300 aircraft on the route, which will become its 15th U.S. destination. Qatar Airways has remained bullish on the U.S. even after Trump’s administration targeted the region with an attempt to block travel from six predominantly Muslim nations and a ban on carrying on laptop and tablet computers on flights from Middle East airports, including Doha. Emirates, which is based in Dubai, last week cited weaker demand caused by the restrictions as the cause for scaling back flights on five of its 12 U.S. routes. American rivals have accused Emirates and Qatar Air with unfair competition. “We didn’t have massive declines like other carriers, so we still have robust loads to the U.S.,” said Qatar Airways Chief Executive Officer Akbar Al Baker, vowing not to reduce frequencies on U.S. routes. “President Trump is a very wise individual and a very good businessman, and I don’t think he will buy into bullying by the three American carriers.” Indian Expansion The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Al Baker said U.S. planes are flying about 75 percent full, down about half a percentage point since the laptop ban. Qatar Airways currently flies to 14 destinations in the U.S. including Orlando, Boston, New York and Washington. It introduced measures to counter the electronics ban by offering loaner laptops to premium customers on U.S.-bound flights, joining Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways in working around the restrictions. Alongside the San Francisco service, Qatar Airways is opening a total of 26 new routes this year and next. To further its reach, the airline plans to submit a joint application with Qatar Investment Authority to set up a new Indian carrier in “weeks” and expects to finalize its purchase of a 49 percent stake in Italy’s Meridiana SpA in the coming days, Al Baker said. “The U.S. is not the entire world,” the CEO said. “We have a lot of other opportunities, a lot of other new markets which we will keep expanding to.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Tantaros Adds to Fox Fight With Claim of `Sockpuppet' Attack A Dying Man's Lost Recipe Made His Daughter a Multimillionaire Jack Ma Sees Decades of Pain as Internet Upends Old Economy Risk On as French Vote Ripples Around the World: Markets Wrap The Electric Car Revolution Now Faces Its Biggest Test Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets Brexit A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events DEN More Telegraph Business Guy Hands' Terra Firma sells aircraft leasing investment to Dubai-based rival Guy Hands' Terra Firma has sold an aircraft leasing business it bought in 2006 Bradley Gerrard 24 April 2017 • 10:50am Private equity baron Guy Hands has sold an aircraft leasing business his hedge fund Terra Firma has co-owned for more than a decade. The fund, alongside co-investors and the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB), has sold the Dublin-based aircraft lessor Awas to Dubai Aerospace Enterprise, the largest aircraft lessor in the Middle East. The terms were not disclosed. Awas was formed in 2006 when Terra Firma and CPPIB bought the underlying business and later snapped up rival Pegasus in 2007. It now boasts $7.5bn of owned aircraft assets that it leases out to 87 airlines in more than 45 countries. Besides the 214 aircraft it owns, Awas also has 23 new ones on order. At acquisition in 2006, Awas owned 154 Airbus and Boeing aircraft, with long-term leases and what the investors saw as good rental income. Revealed: The aircraft interiors of the future Terra Firma said its decision to invest in the company was based on its view the aviation sector would grow rapidly, with the world fleet expected to double by 2034, and steady demand from airlines for leased aircraft. International Airlines Group said in its recent results in February it had 32 additional leased aircraft compared to the same period last year partially due to fleet renewal with 13 less owned aircraft. But some airlines are eyeing greater levels of ownership, with easyJet stating in its full-year results in November last year the size of its leased fleet had decreased by 6.4pc to 64 while its owned fleet rose by more than 10pc to 180 thanks to its recent purchase of 20 A320 aircraft. Mr Hands, chairman and chief investment officer of Terra Firma, said it was “the right time for Terra Firma to realise maximum value for our investors”. “Under our ownership, we have transformed the company to better reflect the fast-changing market that it serves,” he said. “This has been achieved through an active aircraft acquisition and disposal strategy to optimise the business’ portfolio and align with its diverse customer base.” Awas leases planes to airlines The sale of the business comes just over two years after the company sold 84 aircraft to Macquarie Group, a transaction that Terra Firma said was a significant stage in preparing the business for sale. Dubai Aerospace Enterprise was founded in 2006 and counts airlines such as Emirates, EVA Airways, easyJet, Wizz and EgyptAir among its customers. Ryan Selwood, managing director, head of direct private equity, at CPPIB, said in spite of the sale it would look for other opportunities in the aircraft leasing space in the future. Goldman Sachs is acting as financial advisor and Milbank as legal advisor to the seller. The deal is subject to regulatory approval and is expected to close in Q3 2017. Share this article Follow Telegraph Business Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on LinkedIn View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Follow Telegraph Business Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on LinkedIn Related Topics Goldman Sachs airline industry Transport and industry Show more Galleries Gallery 24 Apr 2017, 7:44am Gallery: Apple Park: Apple's new 'spaceship' campus - in pictures Gallery 20 Apr 2017, 8:35am Gallery: The best business films and TV shows on Netflix Gallery 19 Apr 2017, 11:26am Gallery: Shareholder spring 2017: Which companies have suffered an investor revolt? Business latest 25 Apr 2017, 6:41am Comment: Delighted markets are forgetting that Emmanuel Macron faces three big problems Matthew Lynn Premium 25 Apr 2017, 5:01am Business and state collaboration 'crucial' to hit carbon reduction targets, says Lord Turner 24 Apr 2017, 10:44pm Comment: Sky could offer a neat solution to Vodafone's UK struggles Christopher Williams Premium 24 Apr 2017, 10:19pm Comment: Energy industry is an easy scapegoat for Theresa May posing as Ed Miliband-lite Jeremy Warner Premium 24 Apr 2017, 10:00pm Revealed: One year on from BHS's collapse, how many stores are still empty? 24 Apr 2017, 9:01pm Vodafone wastes millions on thwarted pay-TV ambitions 24 Apr 2017, 9:00pm Johnston Press plans all-cash bonuses for bosses as it battles to restructure debts 24 Apr 2017, 8:50pm Ultra-low mortgage rates to continue amid weak housing market and fearful lenders 24 Apr 2017, 8:15pm Investigation launched into PSA over diesel emissions 24 Apr 2017, 6:49pm Anglo American investors approve pay overhaul 24 Apr 2017, 6:41pm Comment: Euro survives existential drama, but France remains ungovernable Ambrose Evans-Pritchard Premium 24 Apr 2017, 6:35pm World stocks power to record high and euro jumps as French vote result sparks relief rally 24 Apr 2017, 5:46pm Elliott Advisors reveals a stake in WS Atkins days after takeover offer accepted 24 Apr 2017, 5:27pm How will the general election affect sterling? 24 Apr 2017, 4:13pm Tony Hayward to leave troubled Genel Energy 24 Apr 2017, 4:09pm WANdisco shares jump on biggest ever contract win 24 Apr 2017, 3:29pm This is the 'bottom of the market' for the most expensive properties in London 24 Apr 2017, 2:57pm Shares in luxury shoe maker Jimmy Choo soar as it puts itself up for sale 24 Apr 2017, 2:33pm PPG launches third takeover bid for Dulux maker AkzoNobel 24 Apr 2017, 12:49pm Grant Thornton fined £2.3m over audits of troubled fire engine firm AssetCo 24 Apr 2017, 12:40pm Manufacturers growing at fastest pace in 20 years - but do not expect it to last Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017
Gli altri portali Notizie a Confronto Comunicati Stampa Social News Offerte di Lavoro Social News Sezioni Toggle navigation In Primo Piano Tutte le Sezioni Politica Cronaca Esteri Economia Spettacolo... Scienza... Salute Sport Questo sito usa i cookie per garantire una migliore qualità del servizio agli utenti. Continuando la navigazione, si considera implicitamente accettato il loro utilizzo. Privacy Esteri Oman Air adds new B787-9 to its fleet | Aviation 24/04/2017 - 08:29 Aviation - Oman Air continues to expand its fleet with new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner which joined recently on April 22, 2017. This is in addition to the new 737-800s and 787-9 which were added to the fleet in 2017. With the addition of this latest Dreamliner, Oman Air operates six Boeing 787 Dreamliners aircraft. This aircraft will be utilised on Oman Air’s European and Far-Eastern sectors. Altri dettagli inviato da stattimes nella categoria Esteri Segnala se offensiva Altri articoli di possibile interesse: Getting Help Writing An Essay On A Book Cheap 29/03/2017 12:58 - Ancient Verses Contemporary History – Mccain Style The Acinaces Dagger was one of the Ancient Daggers was originally used through the Scythians which have been from the Eastern Mediterranean Region.… (thegameover) Orange is the happiest color. The Brothers Brick Blog. Marco Marozzi Mechs 01/02/2017 07:55 - No kidding! Just look at this drone’s face! Except for M9 Orangehead 5 Drone by Marco Marozzi has no “face” to express its emotions — it was created be fast, smart and efficient, and not to entertain… (thegoodones) Articulate 360 Subscription Model – An Insight Into Pricing 19/01/2017 10:15 - Articulate 360 is Released! You might have probably heard this big news in the eLearning industry. With this release, Articulate shifted its gears from perpetual licensing to cloud-based subscription… (sophiamia89) [Guide] How to fix the error com.android.systemui process has stopped 06/02/2017 12:35 - This is an annoying alert that appears on Android smartphones (like Samsung Galaxy S3, S4, S5, S6, S7, LG G3, G4, G5, Xiaomi Redmi, Mi, Note, Sony Xperia and many others), here you can find some ways… (keelko) Segui fai informazione su Fai Informazione - Social News fai informazione sul tuo sito   fai informazione widget Desideri pubblicare le notizie di fai informazione sul tuo sito? Sei libero di farlo.   Scopri come... offerte di lavoro La sezione lavoro di informazione.it raccoglie ed aggrega in tempo reale le offerte di lavoro delle principali aziende di recruiting operanti in Italia. Che cos'è fai informazione Come usare fai informazione Termini e condizioni d'uso Come contattarci Sviluppo Web/App fai informazione sul tuo sito Pubblicato da Informazione.it srl P.I./C.F. 01982050500 Tutela della privacy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Flight Simulator Market North America Growth, Trends, Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Summary: Orbis Research’s adds New Report On : North America Flight Simulator Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022. Introduction A flight simulator is a device that artificially re-creates aircraft flight and the environment in which it flies, for pilot training, design, or other purposes. It includes replicating the equations that govern how aircraft fly, how they react to applications of flight controls, the effects of other aircraft systems, and how the aircraft reacts to external factors such as air density, turbulence, wind shear, cloud, precipitation, etc. Scope of the North America Flight Simulator Market Report This report focuses on the Flight Simulator in North America market, especially in United States, Canada and Mexico. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, countries, type and application. This report covers Analysis of North America Flight Simulator Market Segment by Manufacturers CAE L3 Technologies FlightSafety International Thales Rockwell Collins Boeing Textron Request a Sample of this Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/269879 . North America Flight Simulator Market Segment by regional analysis covers  United States Canada Mexico North America Flight Simulator Market Segment by Types FFS (Full Flight Simulator) FTD (Flight Training Devices) Other Types (FBS/FMS) North America Flight Simulator Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into  Military Application Commercial Application Make an enquire before buying this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/269879 . Some of the Points cover in North America Flight Simulator Market Research Report is: Chapter 1: Describe Flight Simulator Industry Introduction, Product Scope, Market Overview, Market Opportunities, Market Risk, Market Driving Force Chapter 2: To analyze the top manufacturers of Flight Simulator Industry in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and price Chapter 3: Competitive analysis among the top manufacturers in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 4: North America Flight Simulator Market by regions from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 5, 6, 7 and 8: North America Flight Simulator Market by key countries in these regions Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 9 and 10: North America Flight Simulator Market by type and application from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Growth rate Chapter 11: Flight Simulator Industry Market forecast from 2017 to 2022 Regions Type and application with sales and revenue Chapter 12 and 13: Flight Simulator Industry Sales channel Distributors Traders and dealers Appendix Data source For more press releases visit @ http://orbisnewsrelease.com . About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients.  Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 CategoriesUncategorized TagsElectrical equipment, Electronic Components, Electronic Equipment Manufacturers, Electronics, Electronics and Smart Devices, flight simulator market forcast, Google News, Industry Analysis, north america flight simulator industry 2017, North America Flight Simulator Market, north america flight simulator trends flight simulator size north america flight simulator analysis market 2017-2022 forecast, Orbis Research, Semiconductor Memories, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 North America E-commerce Payment Market Research Report by Manufactures and Region Next PostNext Global Electric Heating Lunch Box Market Research Report 2017 Search Recent Posts OMX Baltic Benchmark Fund 2017 m. balandžio 24 d. duomenys apie išleistas akcijas Data on OMX Baltic Benchmark Fund issued shares as of April 24, 2017 ABB and IBM Partner in Industrial Artificial Intelligence Solutions IBM Brings Cognitive Manufacturing to the Factory Floor Asia-Pacific Phosphate Fertilizers Market 2017: Specifications, Market Trends and Analysis Report Proudly powered by WordPress
Photos Videos Topics Live WI 93/4 (28) - PAK 407/10 (138.4) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Sonu Nigam Vijay Mallya TTV Dinakaran Donald Trump IPL 2017 News Analysis How are India’s private aerospace firms faring? Aerospace firms Shares281 Hormuz P Mama | Mon, 24 Apr 2017-08:10am , DNA They are graduating from relatively simple components to machining sophisticated parts The emphasis on “Make in India”, centred on indigenous aerospace and defence production, has focused the limelight on private-sector companies. Unlike the public-sector companies, (see article in DNA, April 3), these are much smaller, often family-owned, and are fairly recent entrants. They are keen to make their mark, hungry for orders, and willing to work hard to win them. Apart from their well-trained and highly motivated staff and their well-equipped facilities, their private-sector corporate culture is their greatest asset. A former HAL Chairman had once said that he was very satisfied with their quality of work, as well as their avoidance of cost and time overruns. The finest tributes to these small companies are paid by the giants of the industry — the original equipment manufacturers they serve. Airbus had a full-page advertisement in a Show Daily at Aero India 2017. “We congratulate Aequs. Together, we are giving wings to Make in India”. Aequs had won Airbus’ Innovation Award for aerostructures and materials. Similarly, Boeing had honoured Russell Techsys as the “Supplier of the Year 2015”. Marshall Aerospace & Defence Group has said that Maini Precision Products have been a key supplier for complex structural parts and subassemblies, and have achieved the status of top-rated supplier. They have been awarded that contract for the entire life of the programme. Some companies have won multiple awards. Once these small companies start operations, they generally grow rapidly. Adani Aerospace & Defence is setting up a modern aerospace “ecosystem” at Mundra. It includes a well-equipped airfield with night-landing facilities and hangars for manufacturing work. Among Maini’s main products are landing gear components for Safran, to equip the very new Airbus A350. Maini had expanded their aerospace facilities from just four CNC (Computer Numerical Control) machines in 2005 to 40 today. Russell Techsys, after setting up an 87,000 sq ft engineering facility at Whitefield, are now constructing a 200,000 sq ft plant at the Devanahalli Aerospace Park. What type of work do these companies do? Entry-level companies usually set up a small number of CNC machines to produce small and fairly simple components, as displayed at their stands at Aero India 2017. Among the largest and most complex components was a nose undercarriage leg machined from the solid. They soon graduate to multi-axis CNC milling machines for the machining of fairly sophisticated components. These form parts of airframes, engines, landing gears, and the like. Further up the supply chain, Airbus has formed a partnership with Tata Advanced Systems Ltd. (TASL) for the final assembly of the C295W military transport in India, should it be ordered. Similarly, Airbus has set up a partnership with Mahindra Defence for the production in India of a number of Airbus military helicopters. Should India order the AS565 Panther helicopter (above), Airbus will not only set up a final assembly line, but will also make India a global hub for it. Larsen & Toubro have teamed up with European missile manufacturer MBDA. They initially plan to develop and manufacture a fifth-generation anti-tank guided missile. If selected, it would be the most advanced such weapon in India’s armoury. Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) and Kalyani Strategic Systems have formed a joint venture to manufacture and market the former’s air defence systems as well as special-purpose munitions. Adani Aerospace & Defence had displayed at Aero India 2017 a full-scale mock-up of the Elbit Hernes 900 UAV. Should India wish to order it, Elbit will transfer the technology to Adani for its local manufacture. Among the “big boys” is Tata Power SED. Their wide-ranging products include launcher-transporters for Akash surface-to-air missiles, Pinaka artillery rockets and the Medium Range Surface to Air Missiles. The company is setting up a very modern new plant on a 50-acre site at Vemagal, Karnataka. No Indian private company is able to currently manufacture complete military aircraft of its own design. It would need capabilities like prime contractorship and systems integration to do that. The first such aircraft could possibly be made some day by the Tata Group, as a number of Tata companies have already acquired wide-ranging aerospace manufacturing capabilities. Private manufacturers will then have finally “arrived”. The author is an aerospace industry analyst. Hormuz P Mama Info TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Analysis 7 reasons why Sonia Gandhi failed the Congress Analysis How are India’s private aerospace firms faring? Analysis Drawing the line between overreacting and insulting religious sentiments Analysis With major powers cosying up to the Taliban, should India shed its antipathy for the Taliban? Analysis The problem with social media activism Analysis At ease with the practice of dowry? Live Cricket Score Live WI 93/4 (28), 286/10 (95) WI trail by 28 runs PAK 407/10 (138.4) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related 5 point something: The scenarios in which to implement the loudspeaker ban How does the Govt bring about peace in Kashmir? Banks aren’t lending to corporates after being stung by bad loans, but there are other sources of funding Video WATCH | #EarthDayWithDNA: Would you treat a person the way you treat the environment? Wayward cows and roadside dancing: WATCH this hilarious spoof of 'Fast and Furious' in India! WATCH: Smriti Irani REACTS to 2 Punjabi boys dancing to 'Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' title song View all Tags opinion Hormuz P Mama INDUSTRY SCAN Make in india Defence Production Hal Airbus Israel Aerospace Industries Tata Group Tata Power SED Boeing Karnataka larsen &amp; toubro MBDA Mundra Safran Aero India 2017 Tata Advanced Systems Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Govt assures action for 'cold-blooded murder' in Sukma Ukraine cuts power supply to separatist region, blaming unpaid debts Afghanistan pitches for efforts to combat terrorism 30 sovereign jewels, cash stolen from house in Erode Opposition-backed bandh in TN, Stalin held in Tiruvarur Sport Younis draws praise post 10,000 Test runs landmark Harikrishna goes down against Kramnik at Shamkir Chess 2017 Focus on Ghosal, Chinappa, Pallikal at Asian Squash meet Rugby-Lions omission will "eat away" at Haskell, says Wasps Young AIBA withdraws support but Amir bullish about India league Entertainment Aamir receives Dinanath Mangeshkar Award from RSS chief Sagarika Ghatge and Zaheer Khan to get MARRIED by this year end! Farhan Akhtar and Adhuna Bhabani are officially DIVORCED now Sonakshi Sinha BREAKS SILENCE about performing at the Justin Bieber concert in India! Elton John cancels Las Vegas gig following hospitalisation Money Rupee rallies to 3-week high at 64.27 vs USD in late morning JLL sells India housing brokerage to former country head BHEL's largest Rs 10K-cr power project in Bangladesh takes off Amec Foster Wheeler reports bigger-than-expected FY pretax loss Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Sections Login / Register Blogs EURACTIV Network Search Agrifood Agrifood CAP reform Food chain sustainability Food labelling Food safety GMOs Nutrition and health Organic food Pesticides Precision farming Digital Digital #Media4EU Broadband Cybersecurity Data protection Digital Single Market e Commerce Insurance Internet governance Internet of Things Radio spectrum Smart cities Telecoms regulation Economy & Jobs Economy & Jobs Competition Education Euro & Finance Innovation & Industry Regional Policy Social Europe & Jobs Trade & Society Energy & Environment Energy & Environment Air Pollution Circular economy Climate change Energy Science & Policymaking Sustainable Development water policy Global Europe Global Europe Africa Arab Spring Central Europe Development Policy Enlargement Europe's East Med & South Neighbourhood policy Turkey World Health Health Active ageing Alcohol Clinical trials Diabetes, Cancer, Hepatitis Endocrine disruptors Health literacy Healthcare and austerity Heart disease Medical devices Personalised drugs Sports Tobacco Politics Politics Brexit Elections EU Priorities 2020 Freedom of thought Future EU Justice & Home Affairs Languages & Culture Public Affairs Security Transport Transport Automated vehicles Aviation Electric cars Public transport accessibility Railways Road charging Road safety Trucks and CO2 Home News Politics Brexit Jobs hold fast in shadow of Brexit … for now Jobs hold fast in shadow of Brexit … for now By Jorge Valero | EURACTIV.com 25-04-2017 (updated: 25-04-2017 ) The City of London is the heart of UK's million strong army of financial experts. Major banks could move many of their employees to the continent. [Michael Garnett/Flickr] Comments Print Britain’s labour market has so far been resilient, but salaries could fall as a result of increased competition after the country exits the EU. The UK’s decision to leave the EU after 44 years of membership was expected to trigger the perfect labour storm, frightening away companies and investors and lowering output. But uncertainty took less of a toll than expected and Britain has even succeeded in creating new jobs. However, this resilience may be tempered by falling salaries as a result of increased competition once the divorce is settled. The UK’s Labour Force Survey reported this month that, between September and November 2016 and in the three months to February 2017, the number of people in work increased and the number of unemployed fell. The number of people in work reached 31.84 million from December 2016 to February 2017, 39,000 more than for September to November 2016 and 312,000 more than the same period 12 months earlier. Employment stood at 74.6%, the highest since the survey began in 1971. The Brief: What happens next with Brexit The UK today said it will fire the starting gun on Brexit by triggering Article 50, the legal process taking the country out of the bloc, on 29 March. Meanwhile, there were 1.56 million unemployed, 45,000 fewer than for September to November 2016 and 141,000 fewer than a year earlier. John Springford, director of research at the Centre for European Reform, explained that the economic slowdown and job losses have been less dramatic than predicted, as British consumers have kept spending on the back of their savings. In addition, he noted that Britain’s labour market has proven to be “extremely flexible”, pointing to an unemployment rate that remained under 8% during the 2007-2008 financial crisis. The European Commission agrees. “Although the moderation in GDP growth may have a lagged impact on employment, the effect is expected to be relatively limited, reflecting the flexible response of real wages to weaker demand,” the institution said in its winter forecast published last February. Days before the Commission’s forecast, the governor of the Bank of England, Mark Carney, stated that “growth has remained resilient since the referendum”. Its robustness led the central bank to conclude that the UK economy will be capable of maintaining the unemployment level below the 5% threshold at least until 2019, when the formal Brexit talks should reach their conclusion. “Brexit journey is just beginning” Carney’s optimism went beyond the Commission’s forecast. Brussels did not improve its unemployment rate for the UK, as it predicts 5.6% in 2018. The executive will update its forecast for the EU member states on 11 May. But Carney warned that “the Brexit journey is just beginning”. The future of jobs in the UK will depend largely on the future Association Agreement that London and Brussels will start negotiating once the divorce terms have been settled, most likely after this autumn. This new relationship will not only bring the certainty that firms need to hire and spend, but it will also clarify how easily UK-based companies will be able to continue operating on EU soil. Currently, some 12% of UK goods and services are exported to EU member states, translating into 3.3 million jobs. The City of London looks set to suffer the most as a result of the break-up. Financial players could lose their passport to do business freely across the Channel. Law firms and accounting companies would be collateral victims. Brexit will destroy the City of London as we know it Should the UK vote to leave the EU in a future referendum, the decision will have far-reaching and damaging consequences for London’s financial sector, writes Sajjad Karim. Almost 1.1 million people worked in the financial services sector in the UK in 2015. The services sector, especially financial and business services, today represents 41% of UK exports compared with 28% in 1997. Other major exporters, like car manufacturers and suppliers “could be forced to retrench if obstacles to exporting to the EU increase”, said Iain Begg and Fabian Mushövel from the London School of Economics. The automotive industry, together with the aerospace industry, computer and electronics, and pharmaceuticals industries, represents an important source of GDP growth and job creation for the UK. Silver lining? But big manufacturers like Boeing and Google have expressed their commitment to creating new jobs in the UK once it leaves the EU. There could be also a silver lining on the cloudy horizon of the complex divorce. Some industries could see job growth as they become more competitive, “either because a new trade regime raises the costs of imports or because they can then avoid regulations that impair their competitiveness”, said Begg and Mushövel. As migration restrictions will be strengthened, low-paid jobs, such as plumbers and nannies, could also see demand for workers rise. In order to maintain the export pulse, experts are eyeing the digital and creative industries as important drivers. Unless both sides fail to seal a deal on the Brexit divorce and a new relationship, CER’s Springford said that the job market will remain stable. While in the short term there could be some relocation, in particular in the financial sector, in the long run the effect will be increased competition. This will push up production and wages could be slashed. In addition, as savings continue to fall to historic low levels and inflation rises, Springford also warned that private consumption would no longer be the lifeline of the British economy. Fighting for new jobs In Europe, the EU institutions and national governments have repeated that while Brexit is bad news for the UK economy, it will also have adverse effects on their markets. But behind their public lamentations, the EU’s national governments are fighting tooth and nail to poach thousands of jobs from the British Isles. Commission wants to speed up relocation of UK-based agencies The European Commission wants to find a new seat for London-based EU agencies as soon as possible. The United Kingdom will have no say in the process. France, Germany, the Netherlands and Luxembourg are competing to attract well-paid bankers and traders. A total of 89% of the employees (26,629) of the top five investment banks (Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, JP Morgan, Citigroup and Bank of America Merrill Lynch) are based in the UK. Around 40% of top 250 companies have their headquarters in London, compared with 8% in Paris, the second European capital on the list. Meanwhile, carmarkers could move their operations in the UK to countries like Spain, in the case of Nissan-Renault, or Germany, in the case of Ford. Comments Print Topics   Brexit Brexit City of London employment financial services jobs Politics Advertisement Supporters Popular Content 1Recent EU enlargement led to brain drain in new members 2Portuguese finances continue to impress 3Pesticide residues detected in almost all European foods 4Greens denounce ‘Hungary-style’ attack against EU-funded NGOs 5Romanian EU-funded project accused of data protection violations 6Germans ready to ditch cars in favour of buses, trains and bikes 7Uzbek arrested for Stockholm attack 8Ryanair denies climate change because it doesn’t like the solutions 9Bulgarian ultra-nationalists set to enter government 10French farmers' union puts post-2020 CAP consultation at risk EURACTIV Members Advertisement Comments Leave a Reply Notify of new follow-up commentsnew replies to my comments You must be logged in to post a comment. You must be logged in to post a comment. About Euractiv Concept & Objectives Editorial Mission Submit an Opinion The Brief Trans-Europe Express EURACTIV.COM plc Media Partners & Network EURACTIV’s Partners Media Innovation Projects Press Office Readership Surveys Press Releases Netiquette Other FAQs Communication Services EURACTIV Events Corporate Services Euractor Membership Multimedia Services EU Projects Advertise JobSite, Agenda & PR Post A Job Latest Jobs Post Your Event Post Your PR Fondation EURACTIV About Yellow Academy Moderations Internships EURACTIV Network Efficacité et Transparence des Acteurs Européens 1999-2017. EURACTIV.com plc | Terms and Conditions | Contact us × Search Close Search Efficacité et Transparence des Acteurs Européens 1999-2017. EURACTIV.com plc | Terms and Conditions | Contact us
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Banks Much More Biotech Markets Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsetters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All TheStreet's Trump Portfolio Beats the S&P TheStreet Staff Apr 24, 2017 6:34 PM EDT During the election, TheStreet identified 15 stocks expected to benefit from President Trump's victory It outperformed the S&P 500 by about 168 basis points since the election The big winner is private prison company GEO (GEO) Group Rallying nearly 25% since inauguration day Geo is up more than 200% since Election Day Shares of Boeing (BA) , Oracle O (ORCL) and Elbit Systems (ESLT) also rallied at least 10% since the Inauguration. Read More:  Trump Portfolio Beats S&P 500 in First 100 Days, Led by GEO Prison Stock Wall Street Odds on U.S. Shutdown About Same as Trump Getting Elected President Trump: UN Security Council Must Be Ready to Impose Sanctions on North Korea   This article was written by a staff member of TheStreet. If you liked this article you might like Trump Portfolio Beats S&P 500 in First 100 Days, Led by GEO Prison Stock Donald Trump's presidency has been a boon for a private prison company that backed his campaign. Emily Stewart Apr 24, 2017 3:58 PM EDT Private Prisons Break Out Under Trump While the Obama administration wanted to unload for-profit-prison contracts, CoreCivic and the Geo Group have seen their stock explode since Trump took office. Bill Meagher Apr 4, 2017 2:56 PM EDT Randgold Resources, Principal Financial, Constellation Brands: 'Mad Money' Lightning Round Jim Cramer is bullish on Randgold Resources, Principal Financial Group and Constellation Brands. Scott Rutt Feb 17, 2017 6:20 AM EST Trending European Stocks Called Higher as Global 'French Election' Rally Extends Gains Tesla's Expensive Electric Cars Are Hilariously Left Off This Top 10 List How an American Airlines Flight Attendant Was Wrongly Condemned by the Public FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal SAP Misses Q1 Earnings But Holds To Improved Full-Year Profit, Revenue Targets Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
     Advertisement Services Contact Customers English edition Edición España Edición Castilla y León Edición C. Valenciana Edición América Edición Cono Sur Edição Brasil English edition Edição Portugal Edición Portugal Edición USA Desplegar navegación Business World Life Sports Entertainment Science & Technology News release EFE websites Efe Agro Efe Empresas Efe Estilo Efe Futuro Efe Motor Efe Salud Efe Tur Efe Verde EuroEFE Efe Emprende English edition Main USA SPACE Trump wants Americans to set foot on Mars during his 1st term efe-epaWashington24 Apr 2017 Trump wants Americans to set foot on Mars during his 1st term US President Donald J. Trump (C), his daughter Ivanka Trump (R) and NASA Astronaut Kate Rubins (L), during a video conference with NASA astronauts aboard the International Space Station (ISS), in the Oval Office at the White House, Washington DC, USA, 24 April 2017. EPA/MOLLY RILEY / POLARIS POOL US President Donald J. Trump (L-2), his daughter Ivanka Trump (L-3) and NASA Astronaut Kate Rubins (L), during a video conference with NASA astronauts aboard the International Space Station (ISS), in the Oval Office at the White House, Washington DC, USA, 24 April 2017. EPA/MOLLY RILEY / POLARIS POOL A handout photo taken from a NASA TV live feed shows NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson (L) and NASA astronaut Jack D. Fischer on board the ISS taking an Earth-to-space call from US President Donald J. Trump, his daughter Ivanka Trump and NASA astronaut Kate Rubins (all not pictured) from the Oval Office to personally congratulate Whitson for her record-breaking stay on the International Space Station, 24 April 2017. EPA/NASA TV Menéame President Donald Trump on Monday asked NASA to accelerate its space exploration plans, the goal of which has been to send humans to Mars during the 2030s. "Well, we want to try and do it during my first term, or at worst during my second term," Trump said in a videoconference with astronauts on board the International Space Station. "So we'll have to speed that up a little, okay? Trump spoke with ISS commander Dr. Peggy Whitson on the day she broke the record for time in orbit by an American, having now spent 535 days off-planet. Whitson, 57, at 1:27 am Washington time on Monday broke the previous record set by Jeff Williams, who until now had been the American who had spent the most time in space. In the videoconference, broadcast live by the NASA television channel, Trump chatted with Whitson and with engineer Jack Fischer, both of whom are aboard the ISS. Seated in the Oval Office with his daughter Ivanka and astronaut Kate Rubins, Trump congratulated Whitson in the name of all Americans for breaking the country's time-in-space record. Whitson, in turn, said that it was a "great honor" for her to set the milestone and to be aboard the ISS, noting that it's a great time to be working for NASA because of all the pending projects and exciting missions in the offing, including future crewed flights to Mars. In late March, Trump signed a bill allocating $19.5 billion to NASA for the current fiscal year and setting the objective of sending humans to the Red Planet during the 2030s. At one point in their conversation on Monday, the president asked Whitson about the state of NASA's plans to send humans into Mars orbit or onto the planet's surface and when that might be possible. Whitson responded that, as per the law Trump had signed in March, getting Americans to Mars would be possible "approximately" in the 2030s, although she emphasized that - to be successful - such a mission requires a lot of time and money, along with a certain amount of international cooperation. That was when Trump commented that he'd like to move up the timeline for the mission so that it could come about during the next eight years, if possible. Last October, then-President Barack Obama said that the US was going down the right road by pursuing cooperation between the government and private companies with an eye toward sending humans to Mars. Currently, several private firms, including Boeing and SpaceX, are working to undertake crewed missions into space with the aim of transporting US astronauts to the ISS without having to depend on third countries, specifically Russia, given that NASA ended its space shuttle program in 2011. When Whitson concludes her ISS mission and returns to Earth on Sept. 3, she will have spent 666 days in space, although six people will have been off-planet for longer than that. Whitson, however, has made other firsts in orbit, being the oldest female astronaut ever to go into space, the first female ISS commander and the woman who has made the most space walks, with eight. Content providers. Contact EFE. Advertisement More news JAPAN NORTH KOREA Tokyo, Seoul and Washington meet to increase pressure on Pyongyang VENEZUELA CRISIS 2 Dead, at least 7 injured at demonstrations in Venezuela USA OBAMA Obama says his new mission is encouraging youths to take part in politics BRAZIL SPAIN Rajoy, Temer praise each other's reforms, see way open for new investments SPAIN POLITICS Madrid spokeswoman for ruling Spanish party announces resignation VENEZUELA CRISIS Venezuelan opposition begins sit-in in more than a dozen cities Advertisement HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL DAY Millions of people around the world commemorate Holocaust Remembrance Day Video channelyoutube unsupported SOUTH AFRICA WRESTLING Amateur hardcore wrestlers dressed as nightmares battle in South Africa INTERVIEW TEMER Brazil's President Michel Temer fights his corner News Business World Life Sports Entertainment Science & Technology News release EFE Agency Presentation Management team National Bureaus Institutional videos History International Bureaus International Relations Editions Edición España Edición Castilla y León Edición C. Valenciana Edición América Edición Cono Sur Edição Brasil English edition Edição Portugal Edición Portugal Edición USA Company Contact Recruiitment competitions Employment at EFE IPTC Legal notice Privacy Policy Efeservicios contenidosgratuitos TWITTER FACEBOOK YOUTUBE DAILYMOTION RSS © The redistribution and rebroadcasting of all or part of the content of EFE services is strictly prohibited without the prior expressed consent of EFE, S.A. Use of cookies We use own and third party cookies to improve our services and show related advertising to your preferences by analyzing your browsing habits. If you continue to browse, consider accepting its use. You can change the settings or get more information here. LINK
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Aerospace & Defense North America (NAFTA) Industry Analysis 2017 Reveals the U.S. Leads with $345.7 Billion Revenue Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/24/2017 — Aerospace and defense North America sector or NAFTA is seeing great business as the world and political scenario around is evolving. To give more extensive coverage about this industry, Market Research Hub (MRH) has added the latest report titled as „Aerospace & Defense North America (NAFTA) Industry Guide 2017″ to its huge repository of research market intelligence reports. The study provides a detailed analysis of the market status which is predicted to see a lot of growth for the forecast period of 2017-2021. Request Free Sample Report: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1063787 Increasing world tensions has led to rising in the demand for military and defense products in the key regions relying on the NAFTA sector. In Mexico, the aerospace & defense industry market of NAFTA is growing fast at a CAGR of 12.8% over the period from 2012 to 2016. This interesting report initially begins with the explanation of the definitions in this industry. Next, the section deals with the industry outlook of the NAFTA aerospace and defense industry. The buyer also gets to know useful market data about the Canadian aerospace & defense sector. Furthermore, the market overview of this highly critical sector is also discussed in this section. Similarly, the market data, as well as the market segmentation, are thoroughly evaluated. Another interesting feature of this study is the five forces analysis of the entire industry which is quite useful for the buyers. The macroeconomic indicators of the market activity are also elaborated in this professional synopsis. Secondly, the study starts to focus on the aerospace and defense in each country. Through this, the buyer learns about the industry’s market overview in a precise manner. Likewise, the market data of the sector is also evaluated for the benefit of the reader. Accordingly, the market segmentation for the sector is also seen in the report. Next, the buyer gets to learn about the general outlook of the market, along with the macroeconomic indicators of the aerospace and defense market. The reader gains the advantage of understanding about the market data as well as the analysis of the several successful company profiles such as: Bombardier Inc. CAE Inc. MacDonald, Dettwiler and Associates Ltd. Magellan Aerospace Corporation Safran SA Airbus S.A.S. Lockheed Martin Corporation Northrop Grumman Corporation The Boeing Company Browse Full Report with TOC@ http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/aerospace-and-defense-north-america-nafta-industry-guide-2017-report.html Finally, the interesting article goes on to describe the size of the NAFTA aerospace and defense market in terms of the entire market value during 2016. RELATED REPORTS: 1: Global Soldier Monitoring System Market 2017-2021:- http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/global-soldier-monitoring-system-market-2017-2021-report.html 2: Aerospace & Defense Global Industry Guide 2017:- http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/aerospace-and-defense-global-industry-guide-2017-report.html About Market Research Hub: Market Research Hub (MRH) is a next-generation reseller of research reports and analysis. MRH’s expansive collection of Market research reports has been carefully curated to help key personnel and decision makers across industry verticals to clearly visualize their operating environment and take strategic steps. MRH functions as an integrated platform for the following products and services: Objective and sound market forecasts, qualitative and quantitative analysis, incisive insight into defining industry trends, and market share estimates. Our reputation lies in delivering value and world-class capabilities to our clients. Contact Details: 90 State Street, Albany, NY 12207, United States Toll Free: 866-997-4948 (US-Canada) Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Email: press@marketresearchhub.com Website: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/ Follow Us on: LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/market-research-hub Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/MarketResearchHub/ Twitter: https://twitter.com/MktResearchHub CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CN declares second-quarter 2017 dividend Next PostNext Rising Demand for Global Luxury Goods Market Analysis & Outlook (2017-2021) Search Recent Posts Wol Industry Now Offers O-Ring Custom Rubber Products on New Website Women’s Plus Size Clothing from Fashionmia.com Flaunts the Curves of Plus-Size Women America Ferrera and Maria Elena Salinas Honored at Day One of 2017 NAB Show Secretary Pablos Leads Rural Economic Development Summit In Lufkin Cinemo Cooperates Further with HUMAX Automotive with All-Embracing In-car Multimedia Platform Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Target Drones Market Worth 6.20 Billion USD by 2022 PUNE, India, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The report "Target Drones Market by Engine Type (IC, Jet, others), End-user (Defense, Homeland Security, Commercial), Platform (Aerial, Ground, Underwater, and Sea Surface), Target Type (Full- & Sub-scaled, Free Fly, Tow, Sport) and Region - Global Forecast to 2022", published by MarketsandMarkets™,  the market is projected to grow from USD 3.79 Billion in 2016 to USD 6.20 Billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 8.55% during the forecast period.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 129 market data Tables and 73 Figures spread through 183 Pages and in-depth TOC on "Target Drones Market" http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/target-drone-market-115334135.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report. Rising incidents of political violence, maritime piracy, terrorism, insurgency, and civil unrest have led to increased investments in the field of realistic military training and simulation. The rise in funding for military training programs in several countries across the globe is expected to consequently drive the demand for target drones, as these drones are increasingly being adopted in military training activities. Based on engine type, jet engines are projected to be the fastest-growing segment of the target drone market during the forecast period  The jet engines segment is expected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. Jet engines are preferred over other engine types by manufacturers of target drones. Jet engines offer higher power-to-weight ratio as compared to piston engines and provide reliability, particularly in applications wherein sustained high power output is required. Based on end user, the defense segment of the target drones market is projected to witness the highest growth from 2016 to 2022  Based on end user, the target drones market has been segmented into defense, homeland security, and commercial. The defense segment is projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. Target drones are being rapidly adopted by defense agencies across the globe, owing to the benefits they provide to armed forces. Target drones offer a solution for all aspects, such as realism, cost, and operational effectiveness, of threat simulation, which helps improve the overall effectiveness of training. Download PDF Brochure @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=115334135 North America is estimated to be the largest market for target drones in 2016  The target drones market in North America is expected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period, owing to the increased defense expenditure in training programs and the rise in budget allocated for the procurement of target drones in the U.S. Inquiry Before Buying @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Enquiry_Before_Buying.asp?id=115334135 Key players operating in the target drones market are The Boeing Company (U.S.), QinetiQ Group plc (U.K.), Northrop Grumman Corporation (U.S.), Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (U.S.), Airbus Group (Netherlands), Lockheed Martin Corporation (U.S.), Leonardo S.p.A. (Italy), Air Affairs Australia Pty Ltd. (Australia), Saab AB (Sweden), ASV Global (U.K.), and AeroTargets International, LLC (U.S.). Browse Related Reports  Drones Market by Type (Fixed Wing, VTOL, STUAS, MALE, HALE, UCAS ), Payload (Up to 25 Kg, Up to 150 Kg, Up to 600 Kg, Above 600 Kg), Application (Precision Agriculture, Retail, Media & Entertainment), Component, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2022 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/commercial-drones-market-195137996.html Small Drones Market by Application (Defense, Commercial), Size (Micro, Mini, Nano), Payload (Sensor, Telemetry System, Camera, Videoscreen, NBC Detection, SAR, Others), Type, Propulsion Systems, & Region - Global Forecasts to 2020 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/small-uav-market-141134567.html Subscribe Reports from Aerospace & Defence  Domain @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Knowledgestore.asp About MarketsandMarkets™  MarketsandMarkets™ provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 5000 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets™ for their painpoints around revenues decisions. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets™ are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets™ now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets™ is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve. MarketsandMarkets' flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.   Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets™  701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Tel : +1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit our Blog@ http://mnmblog.org/market-research/aerospace-defence Connect us on LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets CategoriesUncategorized TagsAerospace/Defense, High Tech Security, Surveys, Polls & Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Tracking Extremism Next PostNext Cloud Providers Offer Hybrid Models to Raise Growth Opportunities in the Latin American IaaS Market Search Recent Posts Obama focuses on inspiring next generation of leaders in return to UChicago Garth Brooks Tickets at the State Farm Center in Champaign, IL with Promo Code at CapitalCityTickets.com EverString Named to JMP Securities Hot 100 List of Best Private Software Companies SIMBA Updates Software for Faster Throughput for Growers, Packers, Shippers Payment Gateways Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Balint Porneczi/Bloomberg Qatar Air Plots New Acquisition to Extend Global Growth Push by Deena Kamel More stories by Deena Kamel April 24, 2017, 12:17 PM EDT April 25, 2017, 12:07 AM EDT CEO Al Baker sees potential for expansion in ‘many regions’ Carrier will also add San Franciso route despite Trump curbs Qatar Airways Ltd. plans to buy a stake in another foreign airline, extending an expansion push that’s seen the Gulf carrier build up overseas holdings and announce new routes to the U.S. even as President Donald Trump’s seeks to restrict travel to the world’s largest economy. The state-owned company, which has expressed interest in Royal Air Maroc in the past, expects to finalize the purchase of a 49 percent stake in Italy’s Meridiana SpA in the coming days. The Persian Gulf airline also plans to submit a joint application with Qatar Investment Authority to set up a new Indian carrier in “weeks,” Chief Executive Officer Akbar Al Baker said on Monday. “We see potential in another acquisition in a region which, unfortunately, I cannot disclose at the moment,” Al Baker said in an interview with Bloomberg Television in Dubai. “The world is still too large, and we see there is potential for us in still many other regions and cities in the world.” Qatar Airways has aggressively expanded in recent years, accumulating 20 percent of British Airways parent IAG SA and buying 10 percent of South America’s biggest carrier LatAm Airlines Group SA. While the strategy is a gamble, given restrictions on foreign influence and control in most countries, Al Baker said his company will seek to help cut costs by cooperating with its partners on ordering planes and securing supplies. 100 Planes For the new Indian carrier, the majority stake would be owned by QIA, with Qatar Air taking a minority stake, sidestepping restrictions by the Indian government on ownership of domestic carriers by foreign airlines. The new carrier would have a fleet of 100 narrow-body planes and Qatar Air is open to offers from Boeing Co., Airbus SE and Embraer SA as well as revived interest in Bombardier Inc.’s C Series, Al Baker said. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up The Doha-based airline is also continuing to pursue its own growth, announcing plans to make San Francisco its 15th U.S. destination starting in 2018. Qatar Airways has remained bullish on the U.S., even after Trump’s administration targeted the region with an attempt to block travel from six predominantly Muslim nations and a ban on carrying on laptop and tablet computers on flights from Middle East airports, including Doha. By contrast, Dubai-based Emirates last week cited weaker demand caused by the restrictions as the cause for scaling back U.S. services.  Qatar Airways planes to the U.S. are flying about 75 percent full, down about half a percentage point since the laptop ban. “We didn’t have massive declines like other carriers, so we still have robust loads to the U.S.,” Al Baker said, vowing not to reduce flight frequencies on American routes. An association of U.S. airlines and labor unions, responding to Qatar Airways’ plans for the San Francisco route, reiterated a claim that the Gulf carrier receives illegal subsidies. Al Baker said he isn’t concerned about U.S. industry pushback, as Trump “is a very wise individual and a very good businessman, and I don’t think he will buy into bullying by the three American carriers.” The carrier is opening a total of 26 new routes this year and next, in addition to the California destination. “The U.S. is not the entire world,” the CEO said. “We have a lot of other opportunities, a lot of other new markets which we will keep expanding to.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Tantaros Adds to Fox Fight With Claim of `Sockpuppet' Attack A Dying Man's Lost Recipe Made His Daughter a Multimillionaire Jack Ma Sees Decades of Pain as Internet Upends Old Economy Risk On as French Vote Ripples Around the World: Markets Wrap The Electric Car Revolution Now Faces Its Biggest Test Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Target Drones Market Worth 6.20 Billion USD by 2022 News provided by MarketsandMarkets 24 Apr, 2017, 12:30 ET Share this article PUNE, India, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The report "Target Drones Market by Engine Type (IC, Jet, others), End-user (Defense, Homeland Security, Commercial), Platform (Aerial, Ground, Underwater, and Sea Surface), Target Type (Full- & Sub-scaled, Free Fly, Tow, Sport) and Region - Global Forecast to 2022", published by MarketsandMarkets™,  the market is projected to grow from USD 3.79 Billion in 2016 to USD 6.20 Billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 8.55% during the forecast period. MarketsandMarkets Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 129 market data Tables and 73 Figures spread through 183 Pages and in-depth TOC on "Target Drones Market" http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/target-drone-market-115334135.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report. Rising incidents of political violence, maritime piracy, terrorism, insurgency, and civil unrest have led to increased investments in the field of realistic military training and simulation. The rise in funding for military training programs in several countries across the globe is expected to consequently drive the demand for target drones, as these drones are increasingly being adopted in military training activities. Based on engine type, jet engines are projected to be the fastest-growing segment of the target drone market during the forecast period  The jet engines segment is expected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. Jet engines are preferred over other engine types by manufacturers of target drones. Jet engines offer higher power-to-weight ratio as compared to piston engines and provide reliability, particularly in applications wherein sustained high power output is required. Based on end user, the defense segment of the target drones market is projected to witness the highest growth from 2016 to 2022  Based on end user, the target drones market has been segmented into defense, homeland security, and commercial. The defense segment is projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. Target drones are being rapidly adopted by defense agencies across the globe, owing to the benefits they provide to armed forces. Target drones offer a solution for all aspects, such as realism, cost, and operational effectiveness, of threat simulation, which helps improve the overall effectiveness of training. Download PDF Brochure @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=115334135 North America is estimated to be the largest market for target drones in 2016  The target drones market in North America is expected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period, owing to the increased defense expenditure in training programs and the rise in budget allocated for the procurement of target drones in the U.S. Inquiry Before Buying @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Enquiry_Before_Buying.asp?id=115334135 Key players operating in the target drones market are The Boeing Company (U.S.), QinetiQ Group plc (U.K.), Northrop Grumman Corporation (U.S.), Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (U.S.), Airbus Group (Netherlands), Lockheed Martin Corporation (U.S.), Leonardo S.p.A. (Italy), Air Affairs Australia Pty Ltd. (Australia), Saab AB (Sweden), ASV Global (U.K.), and AeroTargets International, LLC (U.S.). Browse Related Reports  Drones Market by Type (Fixed Wing, VTOL, STUAS, MALE, HALE, UCAS ), Payload (Up to 25 Kg, Up to 150 Kg, Up to 600 Kg, Above 600 Kg), Application (Precision Agriculture, Retail, Media & Entertainment), Component, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2022 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/commercial-drones-market-195137996.html Small Drones Market by Application (Defense, Commercial), Size (Micro, Mini, Nano), Payload (Sensor, Telemetry System, Camera, Videoscreen, NBC Detection, SAR, Others), Type, Propulsion Systems, & Region - Global Forecasts to 2020 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/small-uav-market-141134567.html Subscribe Reports from Aerospace & Defence  Domain @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Knowledgestore.asp About MarketsandMarkets™  MarketsandMarkets™ provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 5000 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets™ for their painpoints around revenues decisions. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets™ are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets™ now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets™ is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve. MarketsandMarkets' flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.   Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets™  701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Tel : +1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit our Blog@ http://mnmblog.org/market-research/aerospace-defence Connect us on LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets SOURCE MarketsandMarkets 24 Apr, 2017, 11:30 ET Preview: Insulin Delivery Devices Market Worth 17.85 Billion USD by 2021 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 24 Apr, 2017, 11:00 ET Insulin Delivery Devices Market Worth 17.85 Billion USD by 2021 24 Apr, 2017, 11:00 ET Cloud Security Market Worth 12.73 Billion USD by 2022 Explore More news releases in similar topics High Tech Security Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Target Drones Market Worth 6.20 Billion USD by 2022 News provided by MarketsandMarkets 24 Apr, 2017, 12:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Target Drones Market Worth 6.20 Billion USD by 2022 News provided by MarketsandMarkets 24 Apr, 2017, 17:30 BST Share this article PUNE, India, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The report "Target Drones Market by Engine Type (IC, Jet, others), End-user (Defense, Homeland Security, Commercial), Platform (Aerial, Ground, Underwater, and Sea Surface), Target Type (Full- & Sub-scaled, Free Fly, Tow, Sport) and Region - Global Forecast to 2022", published by MarketsandMarkets™,  the market is projected to grow from USD 3.79 Billion in 2016 to USD 6.20 Billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 8.55% during the forecast period. MarketsandMarkets Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 129 market data Tables and 73 Figures spread through 183 Pages and in-depth TOC on "Target Drones Market" http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/target-drone-market-115334135.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report. Rising incidents of political violence, maritime piracy, terrorism, insurgency, and civil unrest have led to increased investments in the field of realistic military training and simulation. The rise in funding for military training programs in several countries across the globe is expected to consequently drive the demand for target drones, as these drones are increasingly being adopted in military training activities. Based on engine type, jet engines are projected to be the fastest-growing segment of the target drone market during the forecast period  The jet engines segment is expected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. Jet engines are preferred over other engine types by manufacturers of target drones. Jet engines offer higher power-to-weight ratio as compared to piston engines and provide reliability, particularly in applications wherein sustained high power output is required. Based on end user, the defense segment of the target drones market is projected to witness the highest growth from 2016 to 2022  Based on end user, the target drones market has been segmented into defense, homeland security, and commercial. The defense segment is projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. Target drones are being rapidly adopted by defense agencies across the globe, owing to the benefits they provide to armed forces. Target drones offer a solution for all aspects, such as realism, cost, and operational effectiveness, of threat simulation, which helps improve the overall effectiveness of training. Download PDF Brochure @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=115334135 North America is estimated to be the largest market for target drones in 2016  The target drones market in North America is expected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period, owing to the increased defense expenditure in training programs and the rise in budget allocated for the procurement of target drones in the U.S. Inquiry Before Buying @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Enquiry_Before_Buying.asp?id=115334135 Key players operating in the target drones market are The Boeing Company (U.S.), QinetiQ Group plc (U.K.), Northrop Grumman Corporation (U.S.), Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (U.S.), Airbus Group (Netherlands), Lockheed Martin Corporation (U.S.), Leonardo S.p.A. (Italy), Air Affairs Australia Pty Ltd. (Australia), Saab AB (Sweden), ASV Global (U.K.), and AeroTargets International, LLC (U.S.). Browse Related Reports  Drones Market by Type (Fixed Wing, VTOL, STUAS, MALE, HALE, UCAS ), Payload (Up to 25 Kg, Up to 150 Kg, Up to 600 Kg, Above 600 Kg), Application (Precision Agriculture, Retail, Media & Entertainment), Component, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2022 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/commercial-drones-market-195137996.html Small Drones Market by Application (Defense, Commercial), Size (Micro, Mini, Nano), Payload (Sensor, Telemetry System, Camera, Videoscreen, NBC Detection, SAR, Others), Type, Propulsion Systems, & Region - Global Forecasts to 2020 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/small-uav-market-141134567.html Subscribe Reports from Aerospace & Defence  Domain @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Knowledgestore.asp About MarketsandMarkets™  MarketsandMarkets™ provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 5000 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets™ for their painpoints around revenues decisions. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets™ are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets™ now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets™ is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve. MarketsandMarkets' flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.   Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets™  701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Tel : +1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit our Blog@ http://mnmblog.org/market-research/aerospace-defence Connect us on LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets SOURCE MarketsandMarkets 24 Apr, 2017, 16:30 BST Preview: Insulin Delivery Devices Market Worth 17.85 Billion USD by 2021 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 24 Apr, 2017, 16:30 BSTInsulin Delivery Devices Market Worth 17.85 Billion USD by 2021 24 Apr, 2017, 16:00 BSTCloud Security Market Worth 12.73 Billion USD by 2022 Explore More news releases in similar topics High Tech Security Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Target Drones Market Worth 6.20 Billion USD by 2022 News provided by MarketsandMarkets 24 Apr, 2017, 17:30 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz Japan's Prime Minister Abe Thanked Trump for Saving Money On the F-35 Thomas Phippen April 24, 2017 TweetShareShare Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe personally thanked President Donald Trump for his role in bringing down the cost of the F-35 fighter jet, Trump told the Associated Press in an interview Friday. Trump pointed to the F-35 cost reduction as one of the successes of his first 100 days in office, touting the money he saved taxpayers and how much other countries will benefit from the decreased cost of production. “The first thing [Shinzo Abe] said to me, because it was right at the time I did it, he said, ‘Could I thank you?'” Trump told the AP. (This first appeared on The Daily Caller News Foundation site here.)   “You saved us $100 million,” Abe said, according to Trump. Japan potentially saved around $100 million on the 10 or 12 F-35 jets. The U.S. saved quite a bit more in its most recent contract for the jets. “I saved $725 million on the 90 planes. Just 90,” Trump said. (RELATED: New F-35 Contract Shows Exactly How Much Trump Saved Taxpayers) “General [Jim] Mattis, who had to sign the deal when it came to his office, said, ‘I’ve never seen anything like this in my life,'” Trump said. Trump criticized the F-35 program in December, proclaiming on Twitter that the U.S. would open competition between the F-35, made by Lockheed Martin, and the F-18 Super Hornet, made by Boeing. Lockheed apparently listened. Marillyn Hewson, CEO of Lockheed, said Trump’s involvement helped speed plans for reducing the cost of the jets. “[Trump] helped accelerate that along, and I think he put a sharper focus on price and how we drive the price down,” Hewson told reporters in March. “He absolutely did contribute to us getting to closure on that.” The F-35 price reduction had been in process for years. Since the very start of the program, Department of Defense contracting officials planned on the price per jet to decrease with each bulk buy, as manufacturers streamlined the production process. The Pentagon had been negotiating the new contract, called the LRIP-10 after the low-rate initial production process used to procure the fighter jets, for over a year. Trump’s hands-on approach to negotiating on a defense contract took many by surprise, but Trump said asking direct questions about similar issues is a shift from past presidents, and he will continue to push for greater savings.” “More. I’m gonna get more than that,” Trump said of the F-35. “This was a thing that was out of control and now it’s great.” “We went from a company that wanted more money for the planes to a company that cut. And the reason they cut — same planes, same everything — was because of me. I mean, because that’s what I do,” Trump told the AP. Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Image Credit: Creative Commons.  TweetShareShare View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: RegionsAsia More stories by: Thomas Phippen Why America Must Stop Russia from Violating the INF Treaty The United States needs leverage to persuade the Kremlin to come back into compliance with the INF Treaty. Steven Pifer Is It Time for America and Afghanistan to Part Ways? It is unlikely that Trump will withdraw troops from Afghanistan, but he should reevaluate America's role in the country. Daniel R. DePetris France's Presidential Election Goes Populist The results of today’s French election runoff indicate that Marine Le Pen will not be riding into the Elysee palace as a modern-day Joan of Arc.  Jacob Heilbrunn Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Cyber Security Market to Reach $224.48 Billion with 14.84% CAGR Forecast to 2022 Global Cyber Security market is estimated at $85.21 billion in 2015 and expected to reach $224.48 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 14.84% from 2015 to 2022 PUNE, INDIA, April 24, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Summary The Global Cyber Security market is estimated at $85.21 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $224.48 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 14.84% from 2015 to 2022. Growing cyber crimes which may cause the loss of intellectual and financial assets and increase in adoption of cloud-based security solutions are some of the key factors propelling the market growth. Whereas use of pirated and freeware software for cyber security is hindering the market growth. Growing demand for Next Generation Security Solutions and increasing potential for Mobile and Web Applications and Platforms are the opportunity factors for the market players. However lack of skilled professionals is challenging the market growth. By service, Managed Services segment is expected to grow at highest CAGR during forecast period. In deployment mode, organisations are showing interest towards cloud deployment because of its cost-effective and time-efficient features. North America accounted for the highest market share as compared to other regions. The Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at a higher CAGR and is anticipated to account for the highest market share during forecast period because of increase growing adoption of web and mobile based business applications. Demand from developing countries in this region is one of the key drivers for the Asia Pacific region to move with highest CAGR during forecast period. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/960010-cyber-security-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in the market include BAE Systems PLC, The Boeing Company, Booz Allen Hamilton Inc, Cisco Systems Inc, Computer Sciences Corporation, Dell Inc, Finmeccanica SpA, General Dynamics Corporation, Hewlett Packard Company, International Business Machines Corporation (IBM), Intel Security, Symantec Corporation, Rapid7, Inc., EMC RSA, Fireeye, Inc., Trend Micro, Inc. and Sophos Ltd. Solutions Covered: • Web Filtering • Unified Threat Management (UTM) • Security and Vulnerability Management • Risk and Compliance Management • Intrusion Detection System/Intrusion Prevention System (Ids/Ips) • Identity and Access Management (IAM) • Firewall • Encryption • Distributed Denial of Service Mitigation • Disaster Recovery • Data Loss Protection (DLP) • Antivirus and Anti malware • White listing • Other Solutions Security Types Covered: • Application Security • Cloud Security • Content Security • Endpoint Security • Network Security • Wireless Security • Industrial Control Systems Security Services Covered: • Professional Services o Training and Education o Risk and Threat Assessment o Managed Security Services (MSS) o Design and Integration o Consulting • Managed Services Applications Covered: • Telecom and IT • Retail • Manufacturing • Healthcare • Government and Public Utilities • Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI) • Aerospace, Defense and Intelligence • Other Applications Deployment Modes Covered: • On-Premises • Cloud Components Covered: • Services • Solution Organization Sizes Covered: • Large Enterprises • Small and Medium Enterprises Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/960010-cyber-security-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Table of Contents 1 Executive Summary 2 Preface 2.1 Abstract 2.2 Stake Holders 2.3 Research Scope 2.4 Research Methodology 2.4.1 Data Mining 2.4.2 Data Analysis 2.4.3 Data Validation 2.4.4 Research Approach 2.5 Research Sources 2.5.1 Primary Research Sources 2.5.2 Secondary Research Sources 2.5.3 Assumptions 3 Market Trend Analysis 3.1 Introduction 3.2 Drivers 3.3 Restraints 3.4 Opportunities 3.5 Threats 3.6 Application Analysis 3.7 Emerging Markets 3.8 Futuristic Market Scenario 4 Porters Five Force Analysis 4.1 Bargaining power of suppliers 4.2 Bargaining power of buyers 4.3 Threat of substitutes 4.4 Threat of new entrants 4.5 Competitive rivalry 5 Global Cyber Security Market, By Solution 5.1 Introduction 5.2 Web Filtering 5.3 Unified Threat Management (UTM) 5.4 Security and Vulnerability Management 5.5 Risk and Compliance Management 5.6 Intrusion Detection System/Intrusion Prevention System (IDS/IPS) 5.7 Identity and Access Management (IAM) 5.8 Firewall 5.9 Encryption 5.10 Distributed Denial of Service Mitigation 5.11 Disaster Recovery 5.12 Data Loss Protection (DLP) 5.13 Antivirus and Anti malware 5.14 White listing 5.15 Other Solutions 6 Global Cyber Security Market, By Security Type 6.1 Introduction 6.2 Application Security 6.3 Cloud Security 6.4 Content Security 6.5 Endpoint Security 6.6 Network Security 6.7 Wireless Security 6.8 Industrial Control Systems Security 7 Global Cyber Security Market, By Service 7.1 Introduction 7.2 Professional Services 7.2.1 Training and Education 7.2.2 Risk and Threat Assessment 7.2.3 Managed Security Services (MSS) 7.2.4 Design and Integration 7.2.5 Consulting 7.3 Managed Services 8 Global Cyber Security Market, By Application 8.1 Introduction 8.2 Telecom and IT 8.3 Retail 8.4 Manufacturing 8.5 Healthcare 8.6 Government and Public Utilities 8.7 Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI) 8.8 Aerospace, Defense and Intelligence 8.9 Other Applications 9 Global Cyber Security Market, By Deployment Mode 9.1 Introduction 9.2 On-Premises 9.3 Cloud 10 Global Cyber Security Market, By Component 10.1 Introduction 10.2 Services 10.3 Solution 11 Global Cyber Security Market, By Organization Size 11.1 Introduction 11.2 Large Enterprises 11.3 Small and Medium Enterprises Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=960010 What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 8 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Continued…. Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Breast Implants Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Next PostNext California’s Rough Roads Need a New Kind of Funding for the 21st Century Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Politics   U.S. President Donald Trump delivers remarks on North Korea accompanied by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach, Florida U.S., February 11, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria - RTSY8GS    Japanese Prime Minister Thanked Trump For Saving Money On The F-35 Thomas Phippen Author 11:18 AM 04/24/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5611276 Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe personally thanked President Donald Trump for his role in bringing down the cost of the F-35 fighter jet, Trump told the Associated Press in an interview Friday. Trump pointed to the F-35 cost reduction as one of the successes of his first 100 days in office, touting the money he saved taxpayers and how much other countries will benefit from the decreased cost of production. “The first thing [Shinzo Abe] said to me, because it was right at the time I did it, he said, ‘Could I thank you?'” Trump told the AP. “You saved us $100 million,” Abe said, according to Trump. Japan potentially saved around $100 million on the 10 or 12 F-35 jets. The U.S. saved quite a bit more in its most recent contract for the jets. “I saved $725 million on the 90 planes. Just 90,” Trump said. (RELATED: New F-35 Contract Shows Exactly How Much Trump Saved Taxpayers) “General [Jim] Mattis, who had to sign the deal when it came to his office, said, ‘I’ve never seen anything like this in my life,'” Trump said. Trump criticized the F-35 program in December, proclaiming on Twitter that the U.S. would open competition between the F-35, made by Lockheed Martin, and the F-18 Super Hornet, made by Boeing. Lockheed apparently listened. Marillyn Hewson, CEO of Lockheed, said Trump’s involvement helped speed plans for reducing the cost of the jets. “[Trump] helped accelerate that along, and I think he put a sharper focus on price and how we drive the price down,” Hewson told reporters in March. “He absolutely did contribute to us getting to closure on that.” The F-35 price reduction had been in process for years. Since the very start of the program, Department of Defense contracting officials planned on the price per jet to decrease with each bulk buy, as manufacturers streamlined the production process. The Pentagon had been negotiating the new contract, called the LRIP-10 after the low-rate initial production process used to procure the fighter jets, for over a year. Trump’s hands-on approach to negotiating on a defense contract took many by surprise, but Trump said asking direct questions about similar issues is a shift from past presidents, and he will continue to push for greater savings.” “More. I’m gonna get more than that,” Trump said of the F-35. “This was a thing that was out of control and now it’s great.” “We went from a company that wanted more money for the planes to a company that cut. And the reason they cut — same planes, same everything — was because of me. I mean, because that’s what I do,” Trump told the AP. Follow Thomas Phippen on Twitter Send tips to [email protected] . Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Donald Trump, F-35, Lockheed Martin Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
  Home Topics Archives About Contact  RSS Headlines « Global Bioenergies successfully scales up renewable isobutene process in Leuna Demo plant | Main | A3 by Airbus and AUVSI call for cooperation in developing industry standards for urban air mobility » Print this post Air Canada to operate biofuel flights in support of environmental research on contrails and emissions 24 April 2017 Air Canada is participating in the Civil Aviation Alternate Fuel Contrail and Emissions Research project (CAAFCER), a research project led by the National Research Council of Canada (NRC) to test the environmental benefits of biofuel use on contrails. This project will use advanced sensing equipment mounted on a research aircraft operated by the NRC to measure the impact of biofuel blends on contrail formation by aircraft on five biofuel flights operated by Air Canada between Montreal and Toronto in the coming days, weather permitting. During these flights the National Research Council of Canada will trail the Air Canada aircraft with a modified T-33 research jet to sample and test the contrail biofuel emissions. The sustainable biofuel is produced by AltAir Fuels from used cooking oil and supplied by SkyNRG. A reduction in the thickness and coverage of contrails produced by the jet engines of aircraft could reduce aviation’s impact on the environment, an important beneficial effect of sustainable biofuel usage in aviation. This project involves six stakeholder organizations, with primary funding from the Green Aviation Research and Development Network (GARDN), a non-profit organization funded by the business-Led Network of Centres of Excellence of the Government of Canada and the Canadian aerospace industry. The project has further financial support from the NRC and the enabling support of Air Canada ground and flight operations. In addition to Air Canada, other CAAFCER partners include (alphabetical order) Boeing, National Research Council Canada (NRC), SkyNRG, University of Alberta, and Waterfall. Since 2009, CAAFCER has built a portfolio of more than 30 R&D projects to reduce the environmental impact of a new generation of engines, structures and systems by the aerospace industry. To reduce its own emissions Air Canada has adopted a four-pillar strategy that includes: the use of new technology; improved operations; infrastructure changes; and the use of economic instruments. One example is Air Canada’s participation as an airline partner in Canada’s Biojet Supply Chain Initiative (CBSCI). It is a three-year collaborative project begun in 2015 with 14 stakeholder organizations to introduce 400,000 liters of sustainable aviation biofuel (biojet) into the shared fuel system at Montreal airport. The CBSCI project is a first in Canada and is aimed at creating a sustainable Canadian supply chain of biojet using renewable feedstocks. In 2012 Air Canada operated two biofuel flights one between Toronto and Mexico City as part of a series of commercial biofuel flights that took the secretary general of ICAO to the United Nations conference on Sustainable Development held in Rio de Janeiro; the second flight transported a number of Olympic athletes and officials on their way to the London 2012 Olympic Games. In 2016 Air Canada continued taking delivery of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. Initial results show these aircraft are delivering approximately 20% improvement in efficiency over the aircraft they replaced. Air Canada plans to introduce 37 of these new aircraft in the coming years. In addition, later this year, it will be acquire up to 79 new Boeing 737 Max aircraft, expected to yield a 14% decrease in fuel use over the most current narrow-body aircraft. The aircraft investments represent a commitment of more than $11 billion at list prices. Air Canada has achieved a 40% improvement in average fuel efficiency between 1990 and 2016. April 24, 2017 in Aviation, Bio-hydrocarbons, Emissions | Permalink | Comments (0) Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been posted. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment This weblog only allows comments from registered users. To comment, please Sign In. You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. Entering text activates the Post and Preview buttons.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL This weblog only allows comments from registered TypeKey users. To comment, please enable JavaScript so you can sign into TypeKey. Green Car Congress © 2017 BioAge Group, LLC. All Rights Reserved. | Home | BioAge Group
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:04 GMT, Apr 25, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeBusiness China’s new jetliner completes final tests & ready for take off Published time: 24 Apr, 2017 14:35 Get short URL China's first big passenger plane C919 © AFP The first large Chinese passenger jet, the C919, has passed a crucial test and is expected to make its first flight in May. The plane is part of China’s ambitious plan to become one of the world’s biggest aircraft manufacturers. High-speed taxiing tests at speeds of 230 - 260 kilometers per hour were carried out at Pudong International Airport when the pilots lifted the nose of the jet into the air and slammed on the brakes. They had to show the aircraft can stop safely on the runway in case of emergency. #C919 high speed taxi test complete. First flight expect end April early May. pic.twitter.com/4b9SMjygYK— ChinaAviationReview (@ChinaAvReview) April 23, 2017 "The test marks the C919 has finished all necessary taxiing tests before its maiden flight," said Wu Guanghui, the chief designer and deputy general manager of the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC). The twin-engine C919 was unveiled last November at a roll-out ceremony in Shanghai. It can carry up to 158 passengers and has a range of 4,075 kilometers. A longer range version can fly up to 5,555 kilometers. Sky Conquest? First China-made large airliner to debut in 2017 https://t.co/LViSsOgCkd— RT (@RT_com) February 6, 2017 COMAC started developing the C919 in 2008 and expects to produce about 2,000 planes. It has reportedly received 570 orders for the jet from 23 customers. The new narrow-body airliner is roughly the same size as Airbus's A320 and Boeing's 737-800 and is expected to compete with them. “The C919 is targeted as a competitor to the Airbus A320 and also the Boeing 737. This is a very significant program for China. It's basically a major push for the country which wants to be known as a major player in the aviation manufacturing sector," said Mavis Toh, Asia Air Transport Editor for Flightglobal. Airbus & Boeing alternative: Russia, China unveil mock-up of passenger jet https://t.co/VZF16kCaXO— RT (@RT_com) November 3, 2016 China’s experience in creating large aircraft was limited by a four-engine narrow-body jet airliner known as the Y-10. The plane was developed in the 1970s by the Shanghai Aircraft Research Institute but never got past the prototype stage. According to the 2016-2035 Global Market Forecast presented by Airbus, Chinese airlines will need about 6,000 new jets worth $945 billion over the next two decades. Beijing plans to unveil several types of larger airplanes in the near future. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Global General Aviation Market by Technology, Application & Geography – Analysis & Forecast to 2022 “Global General Aviation Market Research Report 2017” Purchase This Report by calling ResearchnReports.com at +1-888-631-6977. The latest intelligence on the General Aviation market is available in the Global General Aviation Market Research report. This report is a culmination of the key events from last decade to present day, and helps to formulate the best strategy catered to both established market players and new entrants. A bird’s eye view of the General Aviation industry made available in the report helps readers to understand the key drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities that are shaping the global General Aviation market. Furthermore, the report evaluates challenges experienced from buyers and sellers side. The report offers advice from key industry experts on how these challenges can be overcome. A major chunk of the report talks about the technologies that are and will influence the growth of the General Aviation market. Forecasts for these technology sectors are presented in the report. Integration is the key to advancement in technology in the global General Aviation market. Companies that offers the latest integrated technologies at an affordable cost are expected to thrive in the General Aviation market. The dominating technologies in the General Aviation market along with the upcoming technologies that are expected to revolutionize the market are explained in the report Get Sample Copy of this Report: https://www.researchnreports.com/request_sample.php?id=68016 The report also elaborates on the opportunities the emerging markets of Asia Pacific and Latin America offer. Furthermore, the cost of raw materials in these nations is low, while the availability is high. This has turned the heads of several major international companies to the emerging countries of Asia Pacific. The key companies operating in the General Aviation market along with their revenues, market size, key business strategy, key technology strategy, and recent developments is mentioned in the report. In addition to this, valuable recommendations on the opportunities players in the market can tap on is presented in the report. This will help clients to gain a competitive edge in the General Aviation market. The report, titled General Aviation presents an in-depth study of the General Aviation market. Providing a brief history about the market, the report analyses the entire value chain of the market and points out the key drivers and restraints affecting the growth of the market during the forecast period. The report also analyses the market attractiveness and the effect of Porter’s Five Forces on the various factors governing the overall General Aviation market. Get Discount on this report: https://www.researchnreports.com/ask_for_discount.php?id=68016 The report studies the different product segments and end-user applications segment of the General Aviation market. Compiling important data from relevant sources, the report estimates the growth of individual segments of the market. Also, the market size and the growth rate of each of the market segments have been discussed in the report. The report pays very special attention to the growth exhibited by the General Aviation market in key geographic segments and talks about all the favorable conditions propelling the market growth. Growth trajectory of the market across the key geographic segments is discussed in the report. Major players in the General Aviation market have been listed down in the report. The report talks about the key players eyeing the development of the market in emerging economies due to the numerous significant efforts taken by the policymakers to transform the economic landscape. The report also discusses the product offerings and revenue segmentation of the key players to throw light on the highly competitive environment prevailing in the General Aviation market. Key strategies of growth adopted by leading industry players are also analyzed in detail by the report.   Table of Content:- Global General Aviation Market Research Report 2017 1 General Aviation Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of General Aviation 1.2 General Aviation Segment by Types 1.2.1 Global Production Market Share of General Aviation by Types in 2016 1.2.2 Aircraft 1.2.3 Gliders 1.2.4 Autogyros 1.3 General Aviation Segment by Applications 1.3.1 General Aviation Consumption Market Share by Applications in 2016 1.3.2 Industry 1.3.3 Agriculture 1.3.4 Forestry 1.3.5 Others 1.4 General Aviation Market by Regions 1.4.1 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.2 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of General Aviation (2012-2022) 2 Global General Aviation Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global General Aviation Production and Share by Manufacturers (2016 and 2017) 2.2 Global General Aviation Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2016 and 2017) 2.3 Global General Aviation Average Price by Manufacturers (2016 and 2017) 2.4 Manufacturers General Aviation Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Types 2.5 General Aviation Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 General Aviation Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 General Aviation Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global General Aviation Production, Revenue (Value) by Regions (2012-2017) 3.1 Global General Aviation Production and Market Share by Regions (2012-2017) 3.2 Global General Aviation Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Regions (2012-2017) 3.3 Global General Aviation Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.4 North America General Aviation Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe General Aviation Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China General Aviation Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan General Aviation Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Southeast Asia General Aviation Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 India General Aviation Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global General Aviation Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2012-2017) 4.1 Global General Aviation Consumption by Regions (2012-2017) 4.2 North America General Aviation Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe General Aviation Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2012-2017) 4.4 China General Aviation Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan General Aviation Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia General Aviation Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2012-2017) 4.7 India General Aviation Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2012-2017) 5 Global General Aviation Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Types 5.1 Global General Aviation Production and Market Share by Types (2012-2017) 5.2 Global General Aviation Revenue and Market Share by Types (2012-2017) 5.3 Global General Aviation Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global General Aviation Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) 6 Global General Aviation Market Analysis by Applications 6.1 Global General Aviation Consumption and Market Share by Applications (2012-2017) 6.2 Global General Aviation Consumption Growth Rate by Applications (2012-2017) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries 7 Global General Aviation Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Airbus Helicopters 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 General Aviation Product Types, Application and Specification 7.1.3 Airbus Helicopters General Aviation Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2016 and 2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Boeing 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 General Aviation Product Types, Application and Specification 7.2.3 Boeing General Aviation Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Bombardier 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 General Aviation Product Types, Application and Specification 7.3.3 Bombardier  General Aviation Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 General Aviation Product Types, Application and Specification 7.4.3 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation General Aviation Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Dassault Falcon 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 General Aviation Product Types, Application and Specification 7.5.3 Dassault Falcon General Aviation Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 AVIC 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 General Aviation Product Types, Application and Specification 7.6.3 AVIC General Aviation Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2016 and 2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Textron Aviation 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 General Aviation Product Types, Application and Specification 7.7.3 Textron Aviation General Aviation Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 General Aviation Manufacturing Cost Analysis 8.1 General Aviation Key Raw Materials Analysis 8.1.1 Key Raw Materials 8.1.2 Price Trend of Key Raw Materials 8.1.3 Key Suppliers of Raw Materials 8.1.4 Market Concentration Rate of Raw Materials 8.2 Proportion of Manufacturing Cost Structure 8.2.1 Raw Materials 8.2.2 Labor Cost 8.2.3 Manufacturing Expenses 8.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of General Aviation 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 9.1 General Aviation Industrial Chain Analysis 9.2 Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing 9.3 Raw Materials Sources of General Aviation Major Manufacturers in 2016 9.4 Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 10.1 Marketing Channel 10.1.1 Direct Marketing 10.1.2 Indirect Marketing 10.1.3 Marketing Channel Development Trend 10.2 Market Positioning 10.2.1 Pricing Strategy 10.2.2 Brand Strategy 10.2.3 Target Client 10.3 Distributors/Traders List 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 11.1 Technology Progress/Risk 11.1.1 Substitutes Threat 11.1.2 Technology Progress in Related Industry 11.2 Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change 11.3 Economic/Political Environmental Change 12 Global General Aviation Market Forecast (2017-2022) 12.1 Global General Aviation Production, Revenue Forecast (2017-2022) 12.2 Global General Aviation Production, Consumption Forecast by Regions (2017-2022) 12.3 Global General Aviation Production Forecast by Type (2017-2022) 12.4 Global General Aviation Consumption Forecast by Application (2017-2022) 12.5 General Aviation Price Forecast (2017-2022) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion 14 Appendix 14.1 Methodology 14.2 Analyst Introduction 14.3 Data Source For More Enquiry On This Report: https://www.researchnreports.com/enquiry_before_buying.php?id=68016   Company Overview: Research N Reports is a new age market research firm where we focus on providing information that can be effectively applied. Today being a consumer driven market, companies require information to deal with the complex and dynamic world of choices. Where relying on a sound board firm for your decisions becomes crucial. Research N Reports specializes in industry analysis, market forecasts and as a result getting quality reports covering all verticals, whether be it gaining perspective on current market conditions or being ahead in the cut throat United States and Global and Global competition. Since we excel at business research to help businesses grow, we also offer consulting as an extended arm to our services which only helps us gain more insight into current trends and problems. Consequently we keep evolving as an all-rounder provider of viable information under one roof. Contact us: Mr. Sunny Denis Contact No. +1-888-631-6977 sales@researchnreports.com (ResearchnReports) CategoriesUncategorized TagsAerospace, aerospace & defense, General Aviation, General Aviation market forecast, General Aviation market research, General Aviation market research report, General Aviation market share, General Aviation market trend, Global General Aviation market, Google News, satPRnews, Technology, UAV Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Party Planning Guide In Development By Teddy Shake To Accompany Silk Leis Next PostNext OSS BSS System and Platform Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman UAV/Commercial Drone Market share to grow at 19% CAGR from 2016 to 2023 The technology research report “Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV)/Commercial Drone Market Size By Product (Rotary Blade, Fixed Wing, Nano Drone, Hybrid), By Application (Government, Media & Entertainment, Agriculture, Energy), Industry Outlook Report, Regional Analysis, Application Development, Price Trends, Competitive Market Share & Forecast, 2016 – 2023”, by Global Market Insights, Inc. says UAV/Commercial Drone Market size is forecast to be valued at USD 2.05 billion by 2023. Growing need for law enforcement activities is anticipated to drive industry demand from 2016 to 2023. These products are effectively and efficiently used for such applications, since they help investigate the crime scene and gather evidence by flying over the area and obtain high quality aerial pictures and video, without disturbing possible evidence. The technology helps the police and other law enforcement agencies to secure a crime scene and preserve evidence for use in court and criminal proceedings. Moreover, it can be extensively used in traffic patrol assistance and traffic congestion analysis along with traffic accident investigation. Tensions at sporting events, government protests and other outdoor public events can quickly escalate and require police intervention to prevent injury to people and damage to property. These are also capable to identify unidentified package and act accordingly. The aforementioned factors are driving commercial UAV market size. Multi-utility commercial drone market share is expected witness significant growth owing to its extensive adoption in media and entertainment sectors. Real estate industry employs this technology in order to capture aerial shots of the property, while festival organizers could conduct precise headcounts using overhead photos for enhanced crowd management and safely. UAVs can fly lower and thus can replace huge, expensive news helicopters to enhance the news reporting activity. Request for a sample of this research report @ www.gminsights.com/request-sample/detail/115 Growing use in the agricultural sector may also positively favor growth from 2016 to 2023. It provides aerial views to large-scale farmers so as to help them to monitor crop growth. They can also image, recreate, and analyze the crop, measure the quality of soil, its water holding capacities and its mineral content. Global agricultural drone market share is forecast to grow at 21.2% CAGR from 2016 to 2023. Lack of training and awareness has led to the shortage of trained pilots, which is expected to hinder demand through 2023. Moreover, these are operated by an individual holding a private pilot certificate and current third-class medical certified by the FAA. However, with the increase in the commercial applications, universities across the globe have started offering degree programs that aim to bridge the gap between the engineer and operator to develop skilled pilots. Key insights from the report include: •Rotary blade commercial drone market size was valued at over USD 400 million in 2015. Fixed position as well as multi directional flying features are likely to drive growth, over the forecast period. •Government applications accounted for over 40% of the global commercial UAV market share in 2015 and are expected to remain dominant owing to rising significance in mapping, scientific research and rescue missions. •U.S. commercial drone market will be driven by high demand across end-use areas. Rising emphasis on the use of UAVs for agricultural purposes will fuel demand in Asia Pacific. •Key industry participants include AeroVironment, Aurora Flight Sciences, Parrot SA, BAE Systems, Challis Heliplane UAV, Denel Dynamics, DJI Innovations and Draganfly Innovations. Other prominent industry partners are The Boeing Company, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, and Prox Dynamics. Make an inquiry for purchasing this report @ www.gminsights.com/inquiry-before-buying/115 Report Content Chapter 1. Methodology and Scope 1.1. Research Methodology 1.1.1. Initial data exploration 1.1.2. Statistical modeling and forecast 1.1.3. Industry insights and validation 1.2. Data Sources Chapter 2. Executive Summary 2.1. Commercial drone industry 3600 synopsis 2012 – 2023 Chapter 3. Commercial Drones Industry Insights 3.1. Industry Segmentation 3.2. Industry Size and forecast, 2012 – 2023 3.3. Industry ecosystem analysis 3.4. Technology overview 3.5. Industry dynamics 3.5.1. Growth drivers 3.5.2. Industry pitfalls & challenges 3.6. Growth potential analysis 3.7. Porter’s analysis 3.8. Company market share analysis, 2015 3.8.1. Strategic overview 3.9. PESTEL analysis Browse Related Reports: •Agricultural Drones Market Size By Product (Hardware [Fixed Wing, Multi Rotor, Nano, Hybrid], Software [Data Management, Imaging, Data Analytics]), By Application (Field Mapping, Variable Rate Application, Crop Scouting), Industry Analysis Report, Regional Outlook (U.S., Canada, Germany, UK, France, Italy, China, Japan, Australia, South Korea, India, Brazil, Mexico), Application Potential, Price Trends, Competitive Market Share & Forecast, 2017 – 2024 www.gminsights.com/industry-analysis/agricultural-drones-… About Global Market Insights Global Market Insights, Inc., headquartered in Delaware, U.S., is a global market research and consulting service provider; offering syndicated and custom research reports along with growth consulting services. Our business intelligence and industry research reports offer clients with penetrative insights and actionable market data specially designed and presented to aid strategic decision making. These exhaustive reports are designed via a proprietary research methodology and are available for key industries such as chemicals, advanced materials, technology, renewable energy and biotechnology. Contact Us: Arun Hegde Corporate Sales, USA Global Market Insights, Inc. Phone: 1-302-846-7766 Toll Free: 1-888-689-0688 Email: sales@gminsights.com Web: www.gminsights.com Blog: gminsights.wordpress.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sirios raised CA$2,450,000 following exercise of warrants Next PostNext Artec 3D Releases Artec Studio 12 Software Featuring Enhanced 3D Intelligence, Speed and Workflow Search Recent Posts Global Commercial Laundry Sales Market Report 2017 – Alliance Laundry, Dexter, Whirlpool, Electrolux, Miele 2017-2021 Radio Audio Kit Amplifier Industry Review & Forecasts Research Report 2017 Global DTPA Acid Market Report by Segment and Regional Opportunity United States Window Film Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 New Study into Remote Control for Car Alarm System Market 2017-2021 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Global Target Drone Market by Technology, Application & Geography – Analysis & Forecast to 2022 “Global Target Drone Market Professional Survey Report 2017” Purchase This Report by calling ResearchnReports.com at +1-888-631-6977. The report, titled Target Drone presents an in-depth study of the Target Drone market. Providing a brief history about the market, the report analyses the entire value chain of the market and points out the key drivers and restraints affecting the growth of the market during the forecast period. The report also analyses the market attractiveness and the effect of Porter’s Five Forces on the various factors governing the overall Target Drone market. The report studies the different product segments and end-user applications segment of the Target Drone market. Compiling important data from relevant sources, the report estimates the growth of individual segments of the market. Also, the market size and the growth rate of each of the market segments have been discussed in the report. The report pays very special attention to the growth exhibited by the Target Drone market in key geographic segments and talks about all the favorable conditions propelling the market growth. Growth trajectory of the market across the key geographic segments is discussed in the report. Major players in the Target Drone market have been listed down in the report. The report talks about the key players eyeing the development of the market in emerging economies due to the numerous significant efforts taken by the policymakers to transform the economic landscape. The report also discusses the product offerings and revenue segmentation of the key players to throw light on the highly competitive environment prevailing in the Target Drone market. Key strategies of growth adopted by leading industry players are also analyzed in detail by the report. Get Sample Copy of this Report: https://www.researchnreports.com/request_sample.php?id=68018 The research report Global Target Drone Market is a market study examining and profiling the current state of the Target Drone industry in a professional manner. The report systematically categorizes the Target Drone market, explaining the definition of Target Drone before making clear the classification of the market by the various parameters employed by market experts. The multiple applications of Target Drone in the global industrial scenario are profiled along with an explanation of the industry supply and value chain developed around it. The regional segments of the global Target Drone market are also examined and data gained from this analysis presented. The development trends in and competitive landscape of the Target Drone market are also studied and data regarding the same is presented in the report. Other industry-related processes about the Target Drone market, such as a detailed explanation of the manufacturing structure, the financial background of the market, supply and demand dynamics, trade figures, and production value margins are also analyzed in the report. Prime development policies and plans concerning the Target Drone market are examined with regard to their impact on the market in the forecast period. The strong trends shaping the growth pattern of the Target Drone market are examined in the report in detail, in addition to the numerous marketing channels for the industry and their respective importance. In accordance with this information detailing the various aspects of the Target Drone market, the report examines the links between the  Target Drone industry and the  Target Drone market, including an upstream raw materials and downstream demand analysis Get Discount on this report: https://www.researchnreports.com/ask_for_discount.php?id=68018 A detailed analysis of the international and Target Drone market is presented in the Target Drone Industry. The report analyses of the Target Drone market based on a variety of important industry verticals such as variety of products, key applications, developments, key market trends, key technologies in the marketplace, and the competitive landscape. The report’s segment of industry overview covers basic information about Target Drone, including the core definition, classification, structure of demand and supply chain, analysis of regulatory policies in the marketplace, important news related to the  Target Drone  market, etc.   Table of Content:- Global Target Drone Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Target Drone 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Target Drone 1.1.1 Definition of Target Drone 1.1.2 Specifications of Target Drone 1.2 Classification of Target Drone 1.2.1 Piston Engine 1.2.2 Wankel Engine 1.2.3 Turboprop 1.2.4 Turbojet 1.3 Applications of Target Drone 1.3.1 Military 1.3.2 Aerospace 1.3.3 Science research 1.3.4 Others 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India   2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Target Drone 2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers 2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Target Drone 2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Target Drone 2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Target Drone   3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Target Drone 3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Target Drone Major Manufacturers in 2015 3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Target Drone Major Manufacturers in 2015 3.3 R&D Status and Technology Source of Global Target Drone Major Manufacturers in 2015 3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Target Drone Major Manufacturers in 2015   4 Global Target Drone Overall Market Overview 4.1 2011-2016 Overall Market Analysis 4.2 Capacity Analysis 4.2.1 2011-2016 Global Target Drone Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis 4.2.2 2015 Target Drone Capacity Analysis (Company Segment) 4.3 Sales Analysis 4.3.1 2011-2016 Global Target Drone Sales and Growth Rate Analysis 4.3.2 2015 Target Drone Sales Analysis (Company Segment) 4.4 Sales Price Analysis 4.4.1 2011-2016 Global Target Drone Sales Price 4.4.2 2015 Target Drone Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment)   5 Target Drone Regional Market Analysis 5.1 North America Target Drone Market Analysis 5.1.1 North America Target Drone  Market Overview 5.1.2 North America 2011-2016 Target Drone Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.1.3 North America 2011-2016 Target Drone Sales Price Analysis 5.1.4 North America 2015 Target Drone Market Share Analysis 5.2 China Target Drone Market Analysis 5.2.1 China Target Drone  Market Overview 5.2.2 China 2011-2016 Target Drone Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.2.3 China 2011-2016 Target Drone Sales Price Analysis 5.2.4 China 2015 Target Drone Market Share Analysis 5.3 Europe Target Drone Market Analysis 5.3.1 Europe Target Drone  Market Overview 5.3.2 Europe 2011-2016 Target Drone Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.3.3 Europe 2011-2016 Target Drone Sales Price Analysis 5.3.4 Europe 2015 Target Drone Market Share Analysis 5.4 Southeast Asia Target Drone Market Analysis 5.4.1 Southeast Asia Target Drone  Market Overview 5.4.2 Southeast Asia 2011-2016 Target Drone Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.4.3 Southeast Asia 2011-2016 Target Drone Sales Price Analysis 5.4.4 Southeast Asia 2015 Target Drone Market Share Analysis 5.5 Japan Target Drone Market Analysis 5.5.1 Japan Target Drone  Market Overview 5.5.2 Japan 2011-2016 Target Drone Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.5.3 Japan 2011-2016 Target Drone Sales Price Analysis 5.5.4 Japan 2015 Target Drone Market Share Analysis 5.6 India Target Drone Market Analysis 5.6.1 India Target Drone  Market Overview 5.6.2 India 2011-2016 Target Drone Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.6.3 India 2011-2016 Target Drone Sales Price Analysis 5.6.4 India 2015 Target Drone Market Share Analysis   6 Global 2011-2016 Target Drone Segment Market Analysis (by Type) 6.1 Global 2011-2016 Target Drone Sales by Type 6.2 Different Types of Target Drone Product Interview Price Analysis 6.3 Different Types of Target Drone Product Driving Factors Analysis 6.3.1 Piston Engine of Target Drone Growth Driving Factor Analysis 6.3.2 Wankel Engine of Target Drone Growth Driving Factor Analysis 6.3.3 Turboprop of Target Drone Growth Driving Factor Analysis 6.3.4 Turbojet of Target Drone Growth Driving Factor Analysis   7 Global 2011-2016 Target Drone Segment Market Analysis (by Application) 7.1 Global 2011-2016 Target Drone Consumption by Application 7.2 Different Application of Target Drone Product Interview Price Analysis 7.3 Different Application of Target Drone Product Driving Factors Analysis 7.3.1 Military of Target Drone Growth Driving Factor Analysis 7.3.2 Aerospace of Target Drone Growth Driving Factor Analysis 7.3.3 Science research  of Target Drone Growth Driving Factor Analysis 7.3.4 Others of Target Drone Growth Driving Factor Analysis   8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Target Drone 8.1 Lockheed Martin Corporation 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Piston Engine 8.1.2.2 Wankel Engine 8.1.2.3 Turboprop 8.1.3 Lockheed Martin Corporation 2015 Target Drone Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 Lockheed Martin Corporation 2015 Target Drone Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 The Boeing 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Piston Engine 8.2.2.2 Wankel Engine 8.2.2.3 Turboprop 8.2.3 The Boeing 2015 Target Drone Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 The Boeing 2015 Target Drone Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.3 Northrop Grumman Corporation 8.3.1 Company Profile 8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.3.2.1 Piston Engine 8.3.2.2 Wankel Engine 8.3.2.3 Turboprop 8.3.3 Northrop Grumman Corporation 2015 Target Drone Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.3.4 Northrop Grumman Corporation 2015 Target Drone Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.4 Griffon Aerospace 8.4.1 Company Profile 8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.4.2.1 Piston Engine 8.4.2.2 Wankel Engine 8.4.2.3 Turboprop 8.4.3 Griffon Aerospace 2015 Target Drone Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.4.4 Griffon Aerospace 2015 Target Drone Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.5 BAE Systems 8.5.1 Company Profile 8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.5.2.1 Piston Engine 8.5.2.2 Wankel Engine 8.5.2.3 Turboprop 8.5.3 BAE Systems 2015 Target Drone Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.5.4 BAE Systems 2015 Target Drone Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.6 BSK Defense S.A 8.6.1 Company Profile 8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.6.2.1 Piston Engine 8.6.2.2 Wankel Engine 8.6.2.3 Turboprop 8.6.3 BSK Defense S.A 2015 Target Drone Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.6.4 BSK Defense S.A 2015 Target Drone Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.7 Kratos Defense and Security Solutions 8.7.1 Company Profile 8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.7.2.1 Piston Engine 8.7.2.2 Wankel Engine 8.7.2.3 Turboprop 8.7.3 Kratos Defense and Security Solutions 2015 Target Drone Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.7.4 Kratos Defense and Security Solutions 2015 Target Drone Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.8 Aerotargets International 8.8.1 Company Profile 8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.8.2.1 Piston Engine 8.8.2.2 Wankel Engine 8.8.2.3 Turboprop 8.8.3 Aerotargets International 2015 Target Drone Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.8.4 Aerotargets International 2015 Target Drone Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.9 Rotron Power 8.9.1 Company Profile 8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.9.2.1 Piston Engine 8.9.2.2 Wankel Engine 8.9.2.3 Turboprop 8.9.3 Rotron Power 2015 Target Drone Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.9.4 Rotron Power 2015 Target Drone Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.10 Tasuma(UK) 8.10.1 Company Profile 8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.10.2.1 Piston Engine 8.10.2.2 Wankel Engine 8.10.2.3 Turboprop 8.10.3 Tasuma(UK) 2015 Target Drone Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.10.4 Tasuma(UK) 2015 Target Drone Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.11 Meggit PLC 8.12 RMS s.a. Technology 8.13 Denel SOC 8.14 Equipaer Industria Aeronautica 8.15 Amjet-u Tech 8.16 Air Affairs Australia 8.17 P.B Aviation 8.18 Textron 8.19 Turkish Aerospace Industries 8.20 Airbus Group   9 Development Trend of Analysis of Target Drone Market 9.1 Global Target Drone Market Trend Analysis 9.1.1 Global 2016-2021 Target Drone Market Size (Volume and Value) Forecast 9.1.2 Global 2016-2021 Target Drone Sales Price Forecast 9.2 Target Drone Regional Market Trend 9.2.1 North America 2016-2021 Target Drone Consumption Forecast 9.2.2 China 2016-2021 Target Drone Consumption Forecast 9.2.3 Europe 2016-2021 Target Drone Consumption Forecast 9.2.4 Southeast Asia 2016-2021 Target Drone Consumption Forecast 9.2.5 Japan 2016-2021 Target Drone Consumption Forecast 9.2.6 India 2016-2021 Target Drone Consumption Forecast 9.3 Target Drone Market Trend (Product Type) 9.4 Target Drone Market Trend (Application)   10 Target Drone Marketing Type Analysis 10.1 Target Drone Regional Marketing Type Analysis 10.2 Target Drone International Trade Type Analysis 10.3 Traders or Distributors with Contact Information of Target Drone by Regions 10.4 Target Drone Supply Chain Analysis For More Enquiry on This Report: https://www.researchnreports.com/enquiry_before_buying.php?id=68018   Company Overview: Research N Reports is a new age market research firm where we focus on providing information that can be effectively applied. Today being a consumer driven market, companies require information to deal with the complex and dynamic world of choices. Where relying on a sound board firm for your decisions becomes crucial. Research N Reports specializes in industry analysis, market forecasts and as a result getting quality reports covering all verticals, whether be it gaining perspective on current market conditions or being ahead in the cut throat United States and Global and Global competition. Since we excel at business research to help businesses grow, we also offer consulting as an extended arm to our services which only helps us gain more insight into current trends and problems. Consequently we keep evolving as an all-rounder provider of viable information under one roof. Contact us: Mr. Sunny Denis Contact No. +1-888-631-6977 sales@researchnreports.com (ResearchnReports) CategoriesMilitary TagsAerospace, aerospace & defense, defense, Drone, Global Target Drone Market, Google News, satPRnews, Target Drone, Target Drone Market Forecast, Target Drone market research, Target Drone market research report, Target Drone market share, Target Drone market trend, Technology, UAV Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Advantis Corp. Co-Brands, Launches Natural Elements Tea Next PostNext X-Rite annuncia il supporto per la calibrazione cromatica i1Profiler per monitor 4K+ per rispondere alle esigenze di fotografi e film-maker: flussi di lavoro ultra-efficienti con gestione del colore dall’acquisizione all’editing al NAB 2017 Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
up next: now reading: Independents' Rise? Dems' Abortion Fight; Politics of Migration; Starry-Eyed Hubble Independents' Rise? Dems' Abortion Fight; Politics of Migration; Starry-Eyed Hubble By Carl M. Cannon RCP Staff April 24, 2017 X Story Stream recent articles Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Entry: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Good morning, it’s Monday, April 24, 2017. Over the weekend, many thousands of scientists, math geeks, amateur lovers of the cosmos, and assorted political partisans marched in the name of science. Notwithstanding the predictable bashing of President Trump, some of the placards carried by this new cohort of protesters were pretty good. Here are a few of them: “Make Earth Cool Again” “Science Makes America Greater” “There Is No Planet B.” “I’m With Her” (with a picture of Mother Earth, not Hillary Clinton). Many of the chants were pretty lame, however, and it wasn’t just because of the rain in Washington. (Underwhelmed by a half-hearted call-and-response of “Science, not silence!” Cathy Butler, a retired engineer from Kennett Square, Pa., told The Washington Post with a sigh, “I get it. We’re scientists and we’re all introverted.”) But one chant was priceless: “Science saves lives! Science protects our planet! Science makes beer!” Science also makes telescopes and allows us to see the heavens, which I’m reminded of this morning because on this date in 1990, NASA used the space shuttle Discovery to launch the Hubble Space Telescope. Who was “Hubble” anyway? If that’s a man’s name, what did he do, exactly? I’ll tell you in a moment. First, I’d point you to RealClearPolitics’ front page, which presents our poll averages, videos, breaking news stories, and aggregated opinion pieces spanning the political spectrum. We also offer a full complement of original material from our own reporters and contributors, including the following: * * * Rise of the Independents? In a column, I explore a movement afoot to find viable independents to run in carefully selected states, and possibly improve governance in polarized Washington, D.C. Can Independent Candidates Win? In a new “Changing Lanes” series, Nick Troiano discusses the Centrist Project, intended to bridge the partisan divide. Why Are Democrats Fighting Each Other Over Abortion?  Bill Scher writes that the party’s “unity tour” has instead created an unanticipated rift. The Politics of Migration: From Blue to Red. Joel Kotkin and Wendell Cox have this analysis of IRS and Census Bureau data. In Defense of New Hampshire. Former RCP reporter Scott Conroy has this op-ed pegged to his new book about the first-in-the-nation primary, “Vote First or Die.” Moderation Is in Short Supply, and Much Needed. Peter Berkowitz reflects on the message in a new book, “Faces of Moderation: The Art of Balance in an Age of Extremes.” Georgia's Warning for Republicans: Reform, or Else. In RealClearPolicy, John Hart urges the GOP to keep health-care reform a top priority. Protectionism Is a Boomerang That Whacks Its Proponents. In RealClearMarkets,  Allan Golombek points out that tariffs often hurt the country imposing them. U.S.-China Ties Hinge on Pyongyang. Beijing’s ability to manage North Korea may determine the future of America’s relationship with China, writes Jacob Shapiro in RealClearWorld. As Military Combats Rape, the Accused Become Collateral Damage. In RealClearInvestigations, James Varney examines the Pentagon’s enhanced focus on sexual assault among service members. Boeing’s Perilous Sale of Jets to Iran. In RealClearDefense, Emanuele Ottolenghi and Saeed Ghasseminejad warn that the CEO of Aseman Airlines, Iran’s third-largest carrier, has ties to the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. Homeland Defense Starts in Hawaii. Also in RCD, Kirk Lippold argues that the 50th state must be a bulwark against North Korean aggression. * * * Edwin Powell Hubble was born in 1889 in Marshfield, Missouri and moved with his family, at age 9, to the Chicago area. He graduated from high school in 1906 and was given a partial scholarship to the University of Chicago, where he studied physics, mathematics, and astronomy -- while working in a university laboratory to defray the remaining portion of his tuition. Hubble boxed in college and starred in basketball, and was named a Rhodes scholar after graduation in 1910. His father wanted him to study law, but the young man’s head was literally in the stars. “I knew that even if I were second or third rate, it was astronomy that mattered,” he explained later. It’s an inspiring thought, but overly modest. The truth is that Edwin Hubble would have succeeded at anything he tried. He nearly did. He left his law practice in Kentucky to be an educator, excelling as a high school teacher and coach. He returned to the University of Chicago to earn a doctorate in astronomy, however, and before he was finished, Hubble had attracted the attention of George Ellery Hale, the founder of the famous Mount Wilson Observatory in Pasadena, California. He accepted an offer to join the staff and was thought to be headed west in the late spring of 1917. Instead, President Wilson committed this nation to World War I, and Edwin Hubble enlisted. “Regret cannot accept your invitation,” he said in a telegram to Hale. “Am off to the war.” He returned from France a brevet major, and in 1919 he finally assumed his place on the observatory staff at Mount Wilson. It was there, while using the powerful Hooker Telescope (and, later, the powerful 200-inch Hale Telescope at the Palomar Observatory) that Hubble made a series of observations and conclusions that altered the very field of astronomy. The most famous of these is that there are galaxies other than our own and that the universe is expanding – and doing so at a constant rate. His untimely death in 1953 probably cost him the Nobel Prize, but his contributions have proven lasting. It was only fitting that NASA named its powerful telescope -- one as big as a school bus -- after him. “Equipped with his five senses,” Hubble once wrote, “man explores the universe around him and calls the adventure Science.” Carl M. Cannon  Washington Bureau chief, RealClearPolitics @CarlCannon (Twitter) ccannon@realclearpolitics.com Carl M. Cannon is the Washington Bureau Chief for RealClearPolitics. Reach him on Twitter @CarlCannon. Related Topics: RCP Morning Note Comment Show commentsHide Comments RCP Log In | Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ©2017 RealClearPolitics | Go to full site
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Cyber Security Market Global Industry Analysis, Key Vendors, Opportunity & Forecast 2017 to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Global Cyber Security market is estimated at $85.21 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $224.48 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 14.84% from 2015 to 2022 Pune, India – April 24, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — Summary The Global Cyber Security market is estimated at $85.21 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $224.48 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 14.84% from 2015 to 2022. Growing cyber crimes which may cause the loss of intellectual and financial assets and increase in adoption of cloud-based security solutions are some of the key factors propelling the market growth. Whereas use of pirated and freeware software for cyber security is hindering the market growth. Growing demand for Next Generation Security Solutions and increasing potential for Mobile and Web Applications and Platforms are the opportunity factors for the market players. However lack of skilled professionals is challenging the market growth. By service, Managed Services segment is expected to grow at highest CAGR during forecast period. In deployment mode, organisations are showing interest towards cloud deployment because of its cost-effective and time-efficient features. North America accounted for the highest market share as compared to other regions. The Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at a higher CAGR and is anticipated to account for the highest market share during forecast period because of increase growing adoption of web and mobile based business applications. Demand from developing countries in this region is one of the key drivers for the Asia Pacific region to move with highest CAGR during forecast period. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/960010-cyber-security-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in the market include BAE Systems PLC, The Boeing Company, Booz Allen Hamilton Inc, Cisco Systems Inc, Computer Sciences Corporation, Dell Inc, Finmeccanica SpA, General Dynamics Corporation, Hewlett Packard Company, International Business Machines Corporation (IBM), Intel Security, Symantec Corporation, Rapid7, Inc., EMC RSA, Fireeye, Inc., Trend Micro, Inc. and Sophos Ltd. Solutions Covered: o Web Filtering o Unified Threat Management (UTM) o Security and Vulnerability Management o Risk and Compliance Management o Intrusion Detection System/Intrusion Prevention System (Ids/Ips) o Identity and Access Management (IAM) o Firewall o Encryption o Distributed Denial of Service Mitigation o Disaster Recovery o Data Loss Protection (DLP) o Antivirus and Anti malware o White listing o Other Solutions Security Types Covered: o Application Security o Cloud Security o Content Security o Endpoint Security o Network Security o Wireless Security o Industrial Control Systems Security Services Covered: o Professional Services o Training and Education o Risk and Threat Assessment o Managed Security Services (MSS) o Design and Integration o Consulting o Managed Services Applications Covered: o Telecom and IT o Retail o Manufacturing o Healthcare o Government and Public Utilities o Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI) o Aerospace, Defense and Intelligence o Other Applications Deployment Modes Covered: o On-Premises o Cloud Components Covered: o Services o Solution Organization Sizes Covered: o Large Enterprises o Small and Medium Enterprises Regions Covered: o North America o US o Canada o Mexico o Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe o Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific o Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/960010-cyber-security-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Table of Contents 1 Executive Summary 2 Preface 2.1 Abstract 2.2 Stake Holders 2.3 Research Scope 2.4 Research Methodology 2.4.1 Data Mining 2.4.2 Data Analysis 2.4.3 Data Validation 2.4.4 Research Approach 2.5 Research Sources 2.5.1 Primary Research Sources 2.5.2 Secondary Research Sources 2.5.3 Assumptions 3 Market Trend Analysis 3.1 Introduction 3.2 Drivers 3.3 Restraints 3.4 Opportunities 3.5 Threats 3.6 Application Analysis 3.7 Emerging Markets 3.8 Futuristic Market Scenario 4 Porters Five Force Analysis 4.1 Bargaining power of suppliers 4.2 Bargaining power of buyers 4.3 Threat of substitutes 4.4 Threat of new entrants 4.5 Competitive rivalry 5 Global Cyber Security Market, By Solution 5.1 Introduction 5.2 Web Filtering 5.3 Unified Threat Management (UTM) 5.4 Security and Vulnerability Management 5.5 Risk and Compliance Management 5.6 Intrusion Detection System/Intrusion Prevention System (IDS/IPS) 5.7 Identity and Access Management (IAM) 5.8 Firewall 5.9 Encryption 5.10 Distributed Denial of Service Mitigation 5.11 Disaster Recovery 5.12 Data Loss Protection (DLP) 5.13 Antivirus and Anti malware 5.14 White listing 5.15 Other Solutions 6 Global Cyber Security Market, By Security Type 6.1 Introduction 6.2 Application Security 6.3 Cloud Security 6.4 Content Security 6.5 Endpoint Security 6.6 Network Security 6.7 Wireless Security 6.8 Industrial Control Systems Security 7 Global Cyber Security Market, By Service 7.1 Introduction 7.2 Professional Services 7.2.1 Training and Education 7.2.2 Risk and Threat Assessment 7.2.3 Managed Security Services (MSS) 7.2.4 Design and Integration 7.2.5 Consulting 7.3 Managed Services 8 Global Cyber Security Market, By Application 8.1 Introduction 8.2 Telecom and IT 8.3 Retail 8.4 Manufacturing 8.5 Healthcare 8.6 Government and Public Utilities 8.7 Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI) 8.8 Aerospace, Defense and Intelligence 8.9 Other Applications 9 Global Cyber Security Market, By Deployment Mode 9.1 Introduction 9.2 On-Premises 9.3 Cloud 10 Global Cyber Security Market, By Component 10.1 Introduction 10.2 Services 10.3 Solution 11 Global Cyber Security Market, By Organization Size 11.1 Introduction 11.2 Large Enterprises 11.3 Small and Medium Enterprises Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=960010 What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 8 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Continued…. Contact Us: sales@wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) ; Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Pune -40027, Maharashtra, India Phone: 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/cyber-security-market-global-industry-analysis-key-vendors-opportunity-forecast-2017-to-2022/189463 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/960010-cyber-security-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 189463 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Cloud-Based Virtual Learning Platform Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 (Mon 24th Apr 17) Event Management Software Market is Expected To Spread and Reach by 11.39% of CAGR by 2022 (Mon 24th Apr 17) Kinesio Tape Market is Booming and is Expected to Grow by 7.5% CAGR by 2027 – Foresight Research (Mon 24th Apr 17) Reinsurance Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 (Mon 24th Apr 17) Fuel Cards Market Global Industry Analysis, Key Vendors, Opportunity & Forecast 2017 to 2022 (Mon 24th Apr 17) Data Acquisition (DAQ) Hardware Market Global Industry Analysis, Key Vendors, Opportunity & Forecast 2017 to 2022 (Mon 24th Apr 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nephros Announces Partnership with WorldWater & Solar Technologies Next PostNext MediaPlatform Announces Next Generation of its Award-Winning Enterprise Webcasting Platform Search Recent Posts Combat Life’s Messes for Less with Waterproof Flooring in Rochester, MN, from Hiller’s Flooring America Lititz Flooring Store Offers Services to Help Homeowners Choose Their Flooring Flooring Store in Flower Mound Offers Wide Selection of Floors for Homeowners Homeowners in Marrero, LA, Are Taking Advantage of the Wide Selection of Floors by Leading Manufacturers Limited Savings & Financing on Flooring in Katy, TX, Available Now at My Flooring America Proudly powered by WordPress
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Cyber Security Market Global Industry Analysis, Key Vendors, Opportunity & Forecast 2017 to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Global Cyber Security market is estimated at $85.21 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $224.48 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 14.84% from 2015 to 2022 Pune, India - April 24, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Summary The Global Cyber Security market is estimated at $85.21 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $224.48 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 14.84% from 2015 to 2022. Growing cyber crimes which may cause the loss of intellectual and financial assets and increase in adoption of cloud-based security solutions are some of the key factors propelling the market growth. Whereas use of pirated and freeware software for cyber security is hindering the market growth. Growing demand for Next Generation Security Solutions and increasing potential for Mobile and Web Applications and Platforms are the opportunity factors for the market players. However lack of skilled professionals is challenging the market growth. By service, Managed Services segment is expected to grow at highest CAGR during forecast period. In deployment mode, organisations are showing interest towards cloud deployment because of its cost-effective and time-efficient features. North America accounted for the highest market share as compared to other regions. The Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at a higher CAGR and is anticipated to account for the highest market share during forecast period because of increase growing adoption of web and mobile based business applications. Demand from developing countries in this region is one of the key drivers for the Asia Pacific region to move with highest CAGR during forecast period. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/960010-cyber-security-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in the market include BAE Systems PLC, The Boeing Company, Booz Allen Hamilton Inc, Cisco Systems Inc, Computer Sciences Corporation, Dell Inc, Finmeccanica SpA, General Dynamics Corporation, Hewlett Packard Company, International Business Machines Corporation (IBM), Intel Security, Symantec Corporation, Rapid7, Inc., EMC RSA, Fireeye, Inc., Trend Micro, Inc. and Sophos Ltd. Solutions Covered: o Web Filtering o Unified Threat Management (UTM) o Security and Vulnerability Management o Risk and Compliance Management o Intrusion Detection System/Intrusion Prevention System (Ids/Ips) o Identity and Access Management (IAM) o Firewall o Encryption o Distributed Denial of Service Mitigation o Disaster Recovery o Data Loss Protection (DLP) o Antivirus and Anti malware o White listing o Other Solutions Security Types Covered: o Application Security o Cloud Security o Content Security o Endpoint Security o Network Security o Wireless Security o Industrial Control Systems Security Services Covered: o Professional Services o Training and Education o Risk and Threat Assessment o Managed Security Services (MSS) o Design and Integration o Consulting o Managed Services Applications Covered: o Telecom and IT o Retail o Manufacturing o Healthcare o Government and Public Utilities o Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI) o Aerospace, Defense and Intelligence o Other Applications Deployment Modes Covered: o On-Premises o Cloud Components Covered: o Services o Solution Organization Sizes Covered: o Large Enterprises o Small and Medium Enterprises Regions Covered: o North America o US o Canada o Mexico o Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe o Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific o Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/960010-cyber-security-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Table of Contents 1 Executive Summary 2 Preface 2.1 Abstract 2.2 Stake Holders 2.3 Research Scope 2.4 Research Methodology 2.4.1 Data Mining 2.4.2 Data Analysis 2.4.3 Data Validation 2.4.4 Research Approach 2.5 Research Sources 2.5.1 Primary Research Sources 2.5.2 Secondary Research Sources 2.5.3 Assumptions 3 Market Trend Analysis 3.1 Introduction 3.2 Drivers 3.3 Restraints 3.4 Opportunities 3.5 Threats 3.6 Application Analysis 3.7 Emerging Markets 3.8 Futuristic Market Scenario 4 Porters Five Force Analysis 4.1 Bargaining power of suppliers 4.2 Bargaining power of buyers 4.3 Threat of substitutes 4.4 Threat of new entrants 4.5 Competitive rivalry 5 Global Cyber Security Market, By Solution 5.1 Introduction 5.2 Web Filtering 5.3 Unified Threat Management (UTM) 5.4 Security and Vulnerability Management 5.5 Risk and Compliance Management 5.6 Intrusion Detection System/Intrusion Prevention System (IDS/IPS) 5.7 Identity and Access Management (IAM) 5.8 Firewall 5.9 Encryption 5.10 Distributed Denial of Service Mitigation 5.11 Disaster Recovery 5.12 Data Loss Protection (DLP) 5.13 Antivirus and Anti malware 5.14 White listing 5.15 Other Solutions 6 Global Cyber Security Market, By Security Type 6.1 Introduction 6.2 Application Security 6.3 Cloud Security 6.4 Content Security 6.5 Endpoint Security 6.6 Network Security 6.7 Wireless Security 6.8 Industrial Control Systems Security 7 Global Cyber Security Market, By Service 7.1 Introduction 7.2 Professional Services 7.2.1 Training and Education 7.2.2 Risk and Threat Assessment 7.2.3 Managed Security Services (MSS) 7.2.4 Design and Integration 7.2.5 Consulting 7.3 Managed Services 8 Global Cyber Security Market, By Application 8.1 Introduction 8.2 Telecom and IT 8.3 Retail 8.4 Manufacturing 8.5 Healthcare 8.6 Government and Public Utilities 8.7 Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI) 8.8 Aerospace, Defense and Intelligence 8.9 Other Applications 9 Global Cyber Security Market, By Deployment Mode 9.1 Introduction 9.2 On-Premises 9.3 Cloud 10 Global Cyber Security Market, By Component 10.1 Introduction 10.2 Services 10.3 Solution 11 Global Cyber Security Market, By Organization Size 11.1 Introduction 11.2 Large Enterprises 11.3 Small and Medium Enterprises Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=960010 What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 8 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Continued.... Contact Us: sales@wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) ; Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Pune -40027, Maharashtra, India Phone: 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/cyber-security-market-global-industry-analysis-key-vendors-opportunity-forecast-2017-to-2022/189463 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/960010-cyber-security-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 189463 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Galaxy S8 owners Galaxy S8 Cases Launch Now (Tue 25th Apr 17) Services Coverting Video Tapes To MP4 And DVD Are Now Available Nationwide (Tue 25th Apr 17) Local Water Damage Restoration Company Announces Their Rapid Growth (Tue 25th Apr 17) ICMediaDirect - Receives SBIEC's Accolade for Excellence for the Third Year in a Row (Tue 25th Apr 17) Caleb's Cooking Company Launches Kickstarter Campaign (Tue 25th Apr 17) Digital Tattoo Removal Clinic Directory Launches Website Tattooremovalnearme.com (Tue 25th Apr 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Fluke announces the finalists in the 2016 Fluke Connect Student Contest Competition combines education, technology, and business enabling students to demonstrate their advanced skills in using IIoT technology to improve operational efficiency EVERETT, Wash., April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Fluke Corporation announces the finalists in the 2016 Fluke Connect® Student Contest, which tests the skills, innovation, and business application of student teams enrolled in two and four year colleges, universities, trade/tech schools, and apprenticeship programs in the United States. Student teams use Fluke Connect wireless tools and software to collaborate and solve real-world operational problems. The finalist teams and their selected projects are: Richmond Community College: Bus differential protection application of PVD relays using different ration current transformers. The Peterson School: Eliminate profit erosion due to warranty claims by discovering issues with power quality. Puget Sound Electrical JATC: Commissioning solar photovoltaic systems and validating their parameters. Assabet Valley Regional Tech: Diagnosing CAN bus systems faults. Bates Technical College: Implementing a standard operating procedure to diagnose, fix, and maintain commercial container refrigerator systems. A panel of six judges evaluated the teams on their technical skills, innovation and creativity, the business value of their projects, and the presentation skills of the team. The judges were: Tom Wilk, chief editor, Plant Services magazine; Todd Redd, national market manager for Graybar; Glen Mazur, author, trainer, and former department chair of Joliet Jr. College; and three judges from Fluke Corporation: Thomas Anderson, senior software engineer; Leah Friberg, education and public affairs manager; and Sabari Ram, SaaS product manager. Final projects were submitted on April 7, 2017. They will be evaluated by the same panel of judges and the public, who will be able to vote via the contest website April 24-28. The winners, who will be announced May 4, 2017, will be determined by which team made the biggest impact using the Fluke Connect system, with 75 percent of the decision based on the evaluation by the panel of judges and 25 percent on the public vote. Visit the contest website to view team profiles and follow the contest. The first-place team and their adviser will receive a paid trip to Fluke headquarters in north Seattle to spend a day meeting with Fluke executive and engineering leadership, tour Fluke engineering and manufacturing, and see the Boeing manufacturing facility and Future of Flight Aviation Center next door. The school's department will also receive $3,500 worth of Fluke tools. Fluke Connect Teams have full access to the Fluke Connect reliability platform. They use the wireless tools to electronically collect and tag maintenance data and the app, software, and Fluke Connect cloud to store and analyze the results and recommend actions. Fluke Connect allows maintenance teams to: Eliminate data entry errors by saving measurement data directly from the tool and associating it with a work order, report, or asset record. Assign work orders to an asset and team member, and schedule it for completion Make confident maintenance decisions with data you can trust and trace. Access baseline, historic, and current measurements by asset. Move away from clipboards and spreadsheets and work collectively from one web-based data set, from anywhere on site or in the field. Fluke Corporation For information on Fluke tools and applications, or to find the location of a distributor, contact Fluke Corporation, P.O. Box 9090, Everett, WA USA 98206, call (800) 44-FLUKE (800-443-5853), fax (425) 446-5116, e-mail fluke-info@fluke.com or visit the Fluke Web site at www.fluke.com. About Fluke Founded in 1948, Fluke Corporation is the world leader in compact, professional electronic test tools. Fluke customers are technicians, engineers, electricians, and metrologists who install, troubleshoot and manage industrial, electrical and electronic equipment and calibration processes. FLUKE is a registered trademark of Fluke Corporation. For more information, visit the Fluke website. For more information: Dan Wright Communications Manager (425) 446-5638 dan.wright@fluke.com   SOURCE Fluke Corporation CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputer/ Electronics, Education, Electronics Performance Measurement, Higher Education Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Paint Protection Film Market: Comprehensive Analysis, Perspective and Forecast, 2017 – 2022 Next PostNext Sphincterotome Market Analysis Covering Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast 2022 Search Recent Posts Tonga: 10 Minutes Reading a Book with a Child Makes a Lifetime of Difference Sleep Apnea Diagnostic System Market Predicted to reach US$600 Million by 2026 Die besten Unternehmen treten beim großen Finale der European Business Awards gegeneinander an Farmers Insurance® Deploys Catastrophe Response Teams to Assist Storm-Affected Customers in Texas ESPN Adds Baltimore Orioles Vs. Boston Red Sox Game to its Monday Night Baseball Schedule for May 1 Proudly powered by WordPress
rediff.com Rediff Business News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Business » 'I have been able to convince GE to be more aggressive' 'I have been able to convince GE to be more aggressive' April 24, 2017 15:24 IST "I have got GE to change a little bit, and I have changed myself. The two have converged." Over lunch with Jyoti Mukul, Banmali Agrawala, president and CEO, GE South Asia, discusses how GE is transforming itself into a digital industrial company. IMAGE: Banmali Agrawala, president and chief executive officer, GE South Asia. Photograph: Courtesy GE.com.   When I request a lunch with Banmali Agrawala, president and chief executive officer, GE South Asia, I am told that he would like to focus the conversation on how GE is transforming itself into a digital industrial company. We decide to meet at Amaranta at The Oberoi in Gurugram. Because of the hotel's unusual construction, one has to go down from the lobby right at the entrance to reach the restaurant a few levels below. I am one of the first ones to reach the restaurant. When Agrawala joins me, we decide to get over with ordering the food first. My guest opts for a vegetarian express luxury lunch, choosing the Niligiri Paneer Kurma option, and some fresh lime and soda. I go for a Chettinad Curry with Asparagus and a Broccoli Poriyal with Curry Leaf-Tempered Tapioca and Sannas, avoiding the south Indian makeover of the ubiquitous north Indian Paneer.   As we settle down I ask why GE needs to change in the first place. "There were a couple of themes which Jeff Immelt (chairman and CEO, GE) brought in when he assumed office and one of them was to become global. The international business of GE outside the US at that time was just 30-35 per cent. Today, it is 60-65 per cent. He drove the agenda of getting global very hard and that meant getting stronger talent," says Agrawala. We are interrupted by a server, who places some Tomato And Lentil Rasam with Lentil Chekkalu before us. Agrawala takes a look and decides to skip the soup. We come back to the point he is making. For GE, globalisation meant buying from the cheapest source and selling where the price was the highest. "Today, globalisation means being more local in local markets. From that perspective, we have made a shift from being a more product-led company to a solution-driven company over the last five years," he tells me. India has shown it has the ability to manufacture: GE CEO  The other theme is to make GE a pure-play industrial company, so it sold off GE Capital and bought Alstom's power business. The way the company deals with the government has also changed. "Earlier, we used to have a mile-long list of deviations from the tender and as a result, we didn't bid. Through a process of consultation with the government and PSUs, we now bid for government projects with zero deviation. We are willing to take on more risk and execute it." That came on the back of doubling of its business in South Asia over the last three years. Now the company sees substantial growth here since GE plays "right at the heart of every infrastructure business where the government is spending money. We have positioned ourselves to win and make opportunity".  So, what did he learn from the whole change process? "I have got GE to change a little bit, and I have changed myself. The two have converged. "In terms of me changing, I learnt here the focus on performance and on delivering results in a timely manner. "In terms of changing GE, just the understanding of the market -- who are the likely partners, who are willing to take suitable risk -- was big. "I have been able to persuade and convince GE to be more aggressive. Today, GE in India is a very local company." I ask him how different things are at GE from the way they were at Wartsila and Tata Power, where he worked just before joining GE. "I used to be a gentle and soft guy and now I am a pretty tough taskmaster," he seems amused as he says that. "There is a sharp focus on deliverables and results here," he adds. "Now I am confident that if I make certain decisions, I will be backed up by the management." IMAGE: GE Healthcare employees work in their research and development facility in Bengaluru. For GE, globalisation means being more local in local markets.Photograph: Danish Siddiqui/Reuters.   Is it possible for an old-economy company to become more like an IT company, like, perhaps, an Apple? "We do believe that the physical and digital will converge. You see software companies making devices, cars and here you have a hardware company making software. Remember, the internet of things has internet and things. Both have to go together," he says. At the same time, it is important for a company to remain attractive as an employer, he adds. "In many ways, we are fighting for the same talent as Google and Apple in the technology space." So, what is that key question GE asks a potential employee when it spots one? "We ask youngsters if they want to write code for computer games or want to do something for medical devices and aeroplanes? When they see you can make an impact, they get charged up." The organisation had to be more agile. "In these times, if you have a company that has stiff hierarchy and too many layers, which by definition will slow things down, it is not a place where youngsters would want to work," he explains. Is it a fact that Indian companies are more conscious of hierarchy than elsewhere in the world? "The next generation of business leaders, owners, entrepreneurs, and management are not like 30 years back when I started to work. They are not servile any more. They want a much more open system. They want direct conversation." Out meal arrives in a large steel tiffin carrier. The waiter unlocks it and places each of the three boxes -- coloured pink, yellow and blue -- in front of us. The aroma of authentic spices is irresistible. We dig right in. Do Boeing, GE have US permission to Make in India? Over the past one year, GE has introduced some new practices. One such is Fastworks, the basic idea of which is to improve speed. "We want people to experiment, but if you realise that a trial is not going well then you need to stop and move on. You cannot wait to perfect a product or a solution before you take it out to the market. If you have a broad idea, you take it out to the market, get a quick feedback and tune the product further and keep on making improvements. In a sense, it is an anti-thesis of the Six Sigma approach that GE had earlier," Agrawala says. The other concept is a mobile app, PD@GE, a unique performance development system. "Since things change fast, we cannot sit at the end of the year to give feedback. It will be a prepared session. We have done away with annual performance appraisal. If I am able to give feedback almost instantly, all one has to do at the end of the year is to take a summary and review." The new appraisal system was started in 2016. How different is working in a company like GE from working in an Indian company? "In the Indian context, the purpose of business is important. You cannot say that the only objective you have is to drive profit. You have to have a larger purpose in the Indian market. Once you begin to serve the people, business follows. Outside, where basic needs have been met, the focus can be much sharper on shareholder return, stock price etc. The context is different," he says. Such differences in context also teach one important life lessons. "Getting out of your comfort zone teaches you so much." Reaching Finland in 1992 while working for Wartsila after spending his growing-up years in Pune -- "a sleepy old place" -- he was hit hard by two things: One, there was hardly any vegetarian food available, and two, the temperature would fall to minus 32-40 degrees. "It wasn't normal for me, but it taught me something. You learn to deal with discomfort and make your way through." Agrawala sees growth coming from technology and data that can make assets more productive. "I would like to seed this idea in business and in the government. At the moment, we have a dozen conversations; I would like to have a 100." Jyoti Mukul Gurugram Source: Tags: GE, General Electric, Banmali Agrawala, Jeff Immelt Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT     How GE plans to use Indian skills to grow GE Healthcare takes big leap in Make in India journey GE Aviation, Air India sign 20-year MRO pact #Headturners: Ashley Graham, Blake Lively, Salma Hayek Fit-again Mathews to lead Lanka in Champions Trophy, Malinga back too PIX: Kareena, Amrita, Alia party with Karan Johar Sachin Tendulkar turns 44! Wish the legend on his birthday How to reverse India's trade deficit Moneywiz Live! Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz India Business News  |  Indian Stock Market News  |  Bollywood Movies  |  Indian Cricket News  |  India News © 2017 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use ▲
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Fluke announces the finalists in the 2016 Fluke Connect Student Contest EVERETT, Wash., April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Fluke Corporation announces the finalists in the 2016 Fluke Connect® Student Contest, which tests the skills, innovation, and business application of student teams enrolled in two and four year colleges, universities, trade/tech schools, and apprenticeship programs in the United States. Student teams use Fluke Connect wireless tools and software to collaborate and solve real-world operational problems. The finalist teams and their selected projects are: Richmond Community College: Bus differential protection application of PVD relays using different ration current transformers. The Peterson School: Eliminate profit erosion due to warranty claims by discovering issues with power quality. Puget Sound Electrical JATC: Commissioning solar photovoltaic systems and validating their parameters. Assabet Valley Regional Tech: Diagnosing CAN bus systems faults. Bates Technical College: Implementing a standard operating procedure to diagnose, fix, and maintain commercial container refrigerator systems. Teams have full access to the Fluke Connect reliability platform. They use the wireless tools to electronically collect and tag maintenance data and the app, software, and Fluke Connect cloud to store and analyze the results and recommend actions. A panel of six judges evaluated the teams on their technical skills, innovation and creativity, the business value of their projects, and the presentation skills of the team. The judges were: Tom Wilk, chief editor, Plant Services magazine; Todd Redd, national market manager for Graybar; Glen Mazur, author, trainer, and former department chair of Joliet Jr. College; and three judges from Fluke Corporation: Thomas Anderson, senior software engineer; Leah Friberg, education and public affairs manager; and Sabari Ram, SaaS product manager. Final projects were submitted on April 7, 2017. They will be evaluated by the same panel of judges and the public, who will be able to vote via the contest website April 24-28. The winners, who will be announced May 4, 2017, will be determined by which team made the biggest impact using the Fluke Connect system, with 75 percent of the decision based on the evaluation by the panel of judges and 25 percent on the public vote. Visit the contest website to view team profiles and follow the contest. The first-place team and their adviser will receive a paid trip to Fluke headquarters in north Seattle to spend a day meeting with Fluke executive and engineering leadership, tour Fluke engineering and manufacturing, and see the Boeing manufacturing facility and Future of Flight Aviation Center next door. The school’s department will also receive $3,500 worth of Fluke tools. Fluke Connect Teams have full access to the Fluke Connect reliability platform. They use the wireless tools to electronically collect and tag maintenance data and the app, software, and Fluke Connect cloud to store and analyze the results and recommend actions. Fluke Connect allows maintenance teams to: Eliminate data entry errors by saving measurement data directly from the tool and associating it with a work order, report, or asset record. Assign work orders to an asset and team member, and schedule it for completion Make confident maintenance decisions with data you can trust and trace. Access baseline, historic, and current measurements by asset. Move away from clipboards and spreadsheets and work collectively from one web-based data set, from anywhere on site or in the field. Fluke Corporation For information on Fluke tools and applications, or to find the location of a distributor, contact Fluke Corporation, P.O. Box 9090, Everett, WA USA 98206, call (800) 44-FLUKE (800-443-5853), fax (425) 446-5116, e-mail fluke-info@fluke.com or visit the Fluke Web site at www.fluke.com. About Fluke Founded in 1948, Fluke Corporation is the world leader in compact, professional electronic test tools. Fluke customers are technicians, engineers, electricians, and metrologists who install, troubleshoot and manage industrial, electrical and electronic equipment and calibration processes. FLUKE is a registered trademark of Fluke Corporation. For more information, visit the Fluke website. For more information: Dan Wright Communications Manager (425) 446-5638 dan.wright@fluke.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fluke-announces-the-finalists-in-the-2016-fluke-connect-student-contest-300443059.html SOURCE Fluke Corporation Related Links http://www.fluke.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Digital Health Summer Summit Returns to BIO International Convention, Bringing Health Tech to the Forefront, June 19-20, 2017 in San Diego Next PostNext New report: Global inspection robots market forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Endodontic Irrigators Market in United States Overview, Growth Forecast, Demand and Development Research Report to 2021 Zyno Medical Oncology Product Suite Featured At Community Oncology Conference Solid Oxide Fuel Cells (SOFCs) – Global Strategic Business Report 2017 – Research and Markets Global Biolubricants Strategic Business Report 2017 – Research and Markets Electrical System Cryotherapy Chambers Market in United States Report Research Analysis, Growth Opportunities and Recent Trends by Leading Regions, Types and Application from 2017 to 2021 Proudly powered by WordPress
X Close Entertainment Movies Music TV People People Style Men Women Culture Arts Books Design Food Food News Eating Out Recipes Health Wellness Fitness Nutrition Family Family Living Living Travel Malaysia Asia & Oceania Americas Europe Africa Videos Entertainment Movies Michelle Yeoh is a Guardian of the Galaxy! Sort of... Love Off The Cuff, a new film starring Miriam Yeung Review: Shock Wave Review: Get Out Music Review: American Teen by Khalid Veteran singer Siti Fairuz releases a two-track album 1980s singing trio Wilson Phillips takes a walk down memory lane Pitbull returns to Malaysia for a one-night gig TV Janna Nick's taekwondo background came in handy for Bo Bajet Jane Fonda has a lot to say about being in a relationship Neelofa finally says yes to starring in her own reality series Menanti Februari stars Zul Ariffin and Nur Fathia challenge each other People People Could you live on minimum wage in Malaysia? This man loves football, and a burning passion for the Gunners They sent dogs and drones to look for missing child monk, and found him napping This metallurgist is ready to show his sensitive side Style Men These shoes will add a little Spring to your steps Want luxurious and natural products for your mind and body? These bold sunglasses are the must-have accessory this season This campaign by Montblanc uses writing to help support child literacy Women Jamsu your way to a flawless-looking face It's time to make a really bold colour statement with makeup Eclipse's SS17 collection will transport you to an island paradise The blouse is back to being an important fashion statement Culture Arts Ho Chi Minh City is now a graffiti hotspot This album cover is made from sweets. Can you tell which one? The Boh Cameronian Arts Awards 2017 is happening in May What’s next for Mud: The Story Of Kuala Lumpur Books Literary puzzle: Scorpion Orchid Malaysia's public policies in focus in new book Review: Hit Makers Review: The Mutual Admiration Society Design Living walls a great way to grow plants indoors Malaysians on design reality TV show 'The Apartment' are good friends London's British Library planning major expansion Premium wood, exquisite design Food Food News Hong Kong's take-home chef This album cover is made from sweets. Can you tell which one? Bubbles in bread – it’s just air but it matters Thoughts on superfoods (and antioxidants) – Part 2 Eating Out Continents collide at this hidden gem of a restaurant The little soul cafe with a lot of heart Multi-course dining at a (low) fixed price Making a feast of French classics Recipes Brilliant ways with brinjal Baking cakes to relax Little salads to tease the taste buds Spinach and friends (like people, some are fake!) Health Wellness Glaucoma may be causing you to lose your sight Be careful of ‘bad’ fat and high cholesterol levels Six ways to reduce xenoestrogen exposure Allergies and runny noses Fitness Long cardio exercises won't help you lose weight. Do this instead How to motivate yourself to exercise Punch and kick your way to better health 4 tips for runners getting ready for their first distance race Nutrition Eating salty food makes you hungrier, not more thirsty. How come? Fibre me up! Is breakfast really the most important meal of the day? Do spicy foods cause stomach ulcers? Here's the truth Family Family Could you live on minimum wage in Malaysia? What happens when your children are drug addicts? They sent dogs and drones to look for missing child monk, and found him napping Dear Thelma: He keeps delaying marriage. What should I do? Living Living Could you live on minimum wage in Malaysia? Commercial hunting kills more animals than hunting for food You can tell if someone is sure of themselves by looking at their eyes A life without regret Travel Malaysia Want to know how to travel for free? Sunway Pyramid Hotel ticks all the boxes Is it safe to cycle on Malaysian roads? Anthony Bourdain launches digital travel guide Asia & Oceania Heady climb to the highest peak in mainland South Korea The ultimate caving adventure Is it safe to travel to Iran? Eat, love, pray and more in Goa, India Americas Bucket list for adrenaline junkies: The Americas Canada gets more visitors – all because of hot PM Wall Street's 'Fearless Girl' statue to stay until 2018 Tours for architecture geeks Europe Berlin Pass is one of the best ways to enjoy the city Lake Baikal and Olkhon Island – the jewels in the Trans-Siberian crown Go on the Rock ’n’ Roll walking tour for a peek of London Move over Disneyland, the Vikings are setting up a theme park Africa Nile river cruise is a good way to see Egypt Security is travellers' No. 1 concern These are the coolest places to travel to in 2017 Blink but don't miss a visit to Swaziland Videos Serving as its business development director, Lee currently works for KMT Group, which deals in oil palm, rubber, fertiliser and gas. (Right) Lee during his research for his PhD. Photos: Lee Kok LoongPeople Home TSOL - Palm Oil This metallurgist is ready to show his sensitive side April 24, 2017 People, TSOL - Palm Oil By N. RAMA LOHAN Related Articles Unbelievably delish ways to fight diabetes Life on a palm oil estate: how do you care for the welfare of hundreds of workers? A metallurgist has nothing to do with hard metal music, although some of them might be musically inclined, of course, but not Lee Kok Loong. The Petaling Jaya-born engineer, who has a doctorate in metallurgy, studied engineering and then worked in Britain for 20 years. He recently returned to Malaysia under TalentCorp’s Returning Expert Programme. His return is two-fold though – to share his expertise and success story, and to be back with his ageing parents. While a medical doctorate initially seemed on the cards, his aversion to blood put paid to that ambition quite quickly. “I knew I couldn’t handle that kind of situation every day, especially after I had witnessed a blood donation drive,” the 40-year-old voiced his fears. While dealing with blood might have been daunting, he was always game to open up his toys and study their mechanisms. “I could put some back together, but not others,” he said with a wide grin. His school years were spent at SRK Kelana Jaya and later, SM Seaport. “I was not passionate about science while in school, but physics interested me.” His parents were very supportive of him studying a very niche subject, plus Lee was very confident of job opportunities when he finished his studies. Higher education saw him pursuing a degree in mechanical engineering at Sunway College, a course twinned with Leicester University, where he spent 1996 through to 1998 earning his paper qualification. There was a watershed moment during the final year of his degree, when he realised that material science was where his heart was. “I was conducting a fatigue test for the wheel of an F1 car, and I realised that this fascinated me,” he shared. Curiosity on the density and tensile strength of metal may not have been a childhood preoccupation, but a seed of interest was planted and it began to grow. A sterling set of results earned him a full scholarship from the British government to do his PhD in the deformation behaviour of copper, chromium composites, and while that required adeptness at juggling his priorities, given he was working eight-hour days as a material technologist, he even found time to write a textbook. But how many parents are accepting of their child’s career pursuit if it doesn’t include the road map that leads to becoming a lawyer, doctor or accountant? “My parents were very supportive. Of course, what I was studying was quite niche, but I was quite confident I could get a job.” Fortune favours the brave, they say, and being around like-minded people in his later years of education and the early period of his work life ramped up his conviction in what he was doing. “It was nice to learn from experts in the field. I only knew things in theory initially, but it was a great opportunity to learn from pros who had 20 to 30 years’ experience. I truly appreciate their advice.” Lee was eventually head-hunted by Britain’s largest steel manufacturer, Corus (now Tata Steel). In his second year (2005), he submitted a paper which examined the benefits of boron treatment in medium carbon steel, an endeavour that amounted to saving the company £100,000. The paper won him the steel institute prize in the young members’ category of a competition organised by the Lincolnshire Iron and Steel Institute. As his prize, Lee got the chance to visit POSCO in South Korea, which in 2004, was ranked the fifth largest steel producer in the world. POSCO’s rise to the top reads of the proverbial tale of the over-achieving underdog, and Lee was drawn to that. “Initially, they were far behind in their technology, but came up through hard work. Their mills are very clean, unlike others. Trees are planted all around, which provides fresh air,” he said, reminiscing on his time there. Proud of his achievements Lee has earned the distinction of being a materials testing specialist, a highly-regarded one at that, conducting materials testing for the aerospace, oil and gas, marine, power generation and automotive industries. Some of his past high-profile clients included Airbus, Boeing, Rolls-Royce, Shell, British Petroleum and Mercedes. He is brimming with pride in being listed in the 2006-2011 editions of Who’s Who In Engineering (world’s leading scientists) and Who’s Who In The World (world’s most distinguished persons). “I’m very proud of the achievement because the likes of Albert Einstein and Stephen Hawking are also in there,” he enthused. He has also co-written the text book Structure-Property Relations In Nonferrous Metals with American author, Professor Alan Russell, a challenge he took on when he was only 27. His most recent success comes in the form of his appointment to the British Standards Institution Committee, an expert committee that has developed some of the most widely adopted national and international standards in the world. This metallurgist really loves animals But Lee’s life isn’t all about atoms and accomplishments – he is also an animal lover who has dedicated time from his busy schedule to participate in fund-raising events with the RSPCA (Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals) in England. “I wish I could have kept a dog myself but I was travelling so much then … any pet would’ve been neglected. So, instead, I gave my time to these causes,” he said. He is specifically a dog lover, and likes any and all kinds of dogs. He may not have had the chance to own a pet of his own, but Lee loves dogs. Now that he’s back, Lee has moved away from his expertise in metallurgy and is focusing his energy on oil palm cultivation. He is presently the business development director with KMT Group, which has its own plantation and mill. As an aside, he is also actively promoting the benefits of jackfruit, his latest endeavour which finds him commuting to and from a Pahang-based orchard. Lee takes pride in everything, from his humble beginnings, to his devout interest in playing badminton, accomplishments in metallurgy, time contributed to animal welfare and his decision to return to Malaysia to be with his folks. But one that nobody would guess is linked to football. “I’m very proud that I studied in Leicester, a place where the club won the English Premier League,” he said, intimating that the club’s 5,000-1 odds of winning the title last year makes for a great story. Could it be the same kind of fairy tale that saw a simple PJ boy achieve critical acclaim in a highly-specialised field that he has identified with? One is compelled to think so. Tags Lee Kok Loong metallurgist Palm Oil steel industry Next article They sent dogs and drones to look for missing child monk, and found him napping Previous article Eclipse's SS17 collection will transport you to an island paradise You May Be Interested Family Could you live on minimum wage in Malaysia? People This man loves football, and a burning passion for the Gunners Children They sent dogs and drones to look for missing child monk, and found him napping 1 Comment Apex April 24, 2017 at 7:47 pm Reply ↓ The opening of this article is kind of bimboish doesn’t it… Everybody knows what metallurgist do… And of course nothing to do with music… Duh…. All comments are moderated. Your comment may not show up immediately. Please keep it clean and on topic. Offensive comments will not be published. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Advertisement Most Viewed Could you live on minimum wage in Malaysia? This man loves football, and a burning passion for the Gunners This metallurgist is ready to show his sensitive side Bakery employs youths with special needs Doing research work in Antarctica is this Malaysian’s dream come true Advertisement Advertisement Entertainment People Style Culture Food Health Family Living Travel Videos Back to top About Star2.com Star2.com is the lifestyle portal of The Star Media Group. Star2.com features stories on Entertainment, People, Style, Culture, Food, Health, Family, Living and Travel. Additional Information About us Terms of Use Contact us Privacy Policy Mobile App Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news News by location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All blogs and columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Prep Zone blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news News by location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All blogs and columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Prep Zone blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Petri Dish There’s plenty of blame to go around for special session Jerry Cornfield Thu Apr 20th, 2017 7:52am News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. OLYMPIA — The countdown to special session is under way. Truthfully, it’s been going on for a while among those in the fraternity of lawmakers, lobbyists and legislative staff toiling in the Capitol. They’re all used to not finishing on time — which this year means by Sunday — and a few don’t know any other way. The special session will be here soon. Just depends on what day Gov. Jay Inslee decides he wants to kick it off. Who or what is to blame this year? There are plenty of perspectives. It’s the House Democrats’ fault: They are the majority. They passed a $44.9 billion two-year budget. It relies on $3 billion more in taxes. House leaders refuse to vote on their package of new capital gains and carbon taxes, and higher business taxes. They say the votes are there but it’s a waste of time to cast them since the package is D.O.A. in the Senate. Republicans say pass the tax bill then we’ll negotiate. It’s the Senate Republicans’ fault: They are in control. They’ve steadfastly refused to seriously negotiate until House Democrats vote on their tax bill. They know it has no chance of success in the Senate yet are determined to stand their ground. They say they took the hard vote when they approved a new statewide property tax in their $43.3 billion budget. They insist House Democrats take the hard vote, too. That’s not expected to happen. It’s the Supreme Court’s fault: Justices are demanding the Legislature fix an unconstitutional public school funding system and pay the full cost of a basic education of its students. They’ve set a deadline and are imposing a $100,000-a-day fine to keep up the pressure on lawmakers. Any solution is expensive, complicated and taking longer than anyone expected. Meanwhile, the high court’s decision in the Hirst case rewrote the rules on water and property rights. It’s driven a wedge between urban and rural lawmakers on how best to respond, if at all. It’s the feds’ fault: Federal officials are monitoring safety and security improvements at Western State Hospital, the state’s largest psychiatric hospital. Millions of dollars in federal funding will be lost if those officials aren’t satisfied. Complying with all their demands is not cheap or easy. Lawmakers are debating the pace and path needed to prevent losing the money. It’s the economy’s fault: Washington’s economy is one of the hottest of any state in the nation — even with layoffs at the Boeing Co. It’s producing a lot of money from existing sources of taxes. This is a political problem. It’s hard to argue for new and higher taxes when the budget reserves are bulging with a couple of billion dollars. It’s hard for any lawmaker in either party to say no when the state is sitting on all this dough. It’s so much easier to say, “Sorry, we can’t,” in a recession — though everyone agrees they don’t want to see one of those for a while. It’s the governor’s fault: Gov. Jay Inslee isn’t to blame for the impasse between the House and Senate. Nor is he responsible for ending it. He is the state’s chief executive. He does share responsibility for ensuring compliance with those court dictates and federal demands. That means he’s no innocent bystander. It’s Sound Transit’s fault: Isn’t everything Sound Transit’s fault? It’s kind of our fault: Nearly every one of the 147 men and women serving in the Legislature are there by the choice of voters. None ran on a platform of compromise, concession and voting on whatever gets the Legislature out on time. Rather, some pledged to make wealthy individuals and big businesses shoulder a greater burden of those education and social service costs while others vowed to provide those same guys with greater tax relief. Some lawmakers campaigned on expanding the social safety net and broadening environmental protections while others promised to pursue reforms ensuring the neediest are served and any new rules aren’t too restrictive on the private sector. Conflict is an inevitable byproduct. Just like a special session. Political reporter Jerry Cornfield’s blog, The Petri Dish, is at www.heraldnet.com. Contact him at 360-352-8623; jcornfield@heraldnet.com. Twitter: @dospueblos.   Most Read Chronic absences raise alarms in Snohomish County schools EVERETT — Nearly one of every seven students attending public schools in… Apr 24th, 2017 by Kari Bray Julie Muhlstein Cascade High students meet at corner of English and history Those who don’t believe in time travel, or its value, have never… Apr 23rd, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein Sex offender, 79, charged with voyeurism at fairgrounds bathroom MONROE — A 79-year-old registered sex offender is being accused of watching… Apr 23rd, 2017 by Diana Hefley Air Force veteran challenging Nehring for County Council seat MARYSVILLE — Raymond Miller, a Democrat, has announced plans to run for… Apr 23rd, 2017 by Noah Haglund Arlington woman awarded for years of service to community ARLINGTON — Darlene Strotz’ old farmhouse has been remodeled a few times… Apr 24th, 2017 by Kari Bray © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES EMPLOYMENT April 25, 2017 | Last updated 6 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: IPL Business Podcast UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Business Podcast Data2 Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Why gold fans should brace for higher prices Gold hits biggest fall since March Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Gold Rate Sectors26 Markets23 Automotives Banking6 Construction Employment1 Features1 General Investment3 Media1 Careers1 Energy71 Retail5 Shipping Technology Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors Du reports 24% fall in first-quarter profit The Murdochs’ difficult path to pie in the Sky NBAD shareholders approve name change Aviation7 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Qatar Airways see ‘manageable’ decline Emirates flies high as world's best airline Global industry eyes Dubai as ATM begins Economy4 Property1 GN Property top stories in Property Eshraq confirms investment in Terra Real Estate Robust demand for Chinese property Dubai’s push for transparent realty arbitration Money4 Dirhams and Dollars4 Visas Analysis4 1 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Qatar Airways to hire cabin crew from Dubai this month Candidate screening is part of a series of recruitment events scheduled to take place worldwide between April and May Image Credit: Thinkstock Cabin crew is an exciting career that can take one to places that most people can only dream of. Published: 10:53 April 24, 2017 Cleofe Maceda, Senior Web Reporter   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Dubai: Qatar Airways is holding a recruitment event in Dubai this month to hire new cabin crew, according to the airline’s recent career advisory. The candidate screening in the emirate, scheduled to take place on April 28, is part of a series of events the Gulf carrier has scheduled worldwide to expand its flight staff. The airline is also looking to hire applicants from various cities in Asia, Europe and Africa, including Cebu, Philippines; Chiang Mai, Thailand; Brussels, Belgium; Durban, South Africa; Athens, Greece; Yerevan, Armenia and Kuwait. Candidates are being enticed to join the carrier’s growing cabin crew with a tax-free compensation package, plus a chance to travel the world. “Dinner in Paris, lunch in New York, breakfast in Montreal, while cruising around the world at 40,000 feet on some of the most modern aircraft in the world is definitely not your typical office job,” the airline said on its website. Interested applicants are advised to wear a formal business attire and bring along their CV, including one passport photocopy, one passport photograph, one full length photo and one photocopy of their highest education certificate. Operating in more than 150 destinations and currently undergoing a rapid expansion, the Doha-based carrier has announced new routes that will kick off this year. Planned expansion for 2017-2018 will see new flights introduced to various destinations, including Nice, France; Dublin, Ireland; Chiang Mai, Thailand; Las Vegas, United States and Canberra, Australia, among many others. Last year, the airline introduced flights to 14 new destinations and acquired 19 additional aircraft. As of April 2017, its fleet on order includes more than 300 aircraft: 110 Boeing 777Xs, 10 Boeing 777-300ER, 66 Airbus A350s, 30 Boeing 787s, 4 Boeing 777F, 75 Airbus A320 Neos, 6 Airbus A380-800s, 8 Airbus A330 Freighters and 60 Boeing 737 MAX 8. Recruitment events: Brussels, Belgium- May 6 , Steigenberger Wiltcher’s Durban, South Africa- May 6, Hilton Durban Athens, Greece- May 7, Athenaeum Intercontinental Yerevan, Armenia- May 6, Opera Suite Hotel Kuwait- April 28, Movenpick Hotel & Resort Dubai, UAE- April 28 (between 2pm and 8pm), Nassima Royal Hotel (formerly Radisson Royal Hotel Dubai) Cebu City, Philippines- April 30, Radisson Blu Chiang Mai, Thailand- April 25, Holiday Inn Chiang Mai All recruitment events, except the screening in Dubai, will start at 9am sharp.           More from Employment This airline is hiring cabin crew in Dubai 32,600 new job vacancies open up These young firms in UAE are creating jobs Apple opens job vacancies in UAE Nearly 1,000 hired in UAE in 75 days Jobs alert: Gulf airlines hiring right now Gulf jobs: 49% of recruiters expect hiring UAE jobs: Companies hiring right now tags from this storyDubai International Airport follow this tag on MGNQatar Airways follow this tag on MGNSouth Africa follow this tag on MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGNFrance follow this tag on MGNKuwait follow this tag on MGNPhilippines follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsEmployment tagsDubai International Airport follow this tag on MGN+ MGNQatar Airways follow this tag on MGN+ MGNSouth Africa follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNFrance follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In Employment32,600 new job vacancies open up Business Gallery 24th Arabian Travel Market begins in Dubai 2017 Cityscape Abu Dhabi kicks off Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01This airline is hiring cabin crew in Dubai 0232,600 new job vacancies open up 03UAE jobs: Companies hiring right now Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Building of Burj Khalifa Dec 30, 2009 20Images 24th Arabian Travel Market begins in Dubai Apr 24, 2017 9Images 2017 Cityscape Abu Dhabi kicks off Apr 18, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 15Images First ‘Silk Road’ train leaves UK for China Apr 11, 2017 EDITOR'S CHOICE Funding UAE health care sector Manoj Nair Huge gap exists in available hospital bed capacity and what is actually needed Most Popular on Gulf News UAE bans produce from these countries Your guide 2017 UAE holidays 90-minute blackout hits Dubai Mall Bride spurns groom and weds stranger Some UAE banks cut loan interest rates For UAE expats, no Haj permits this year Trio jailed for raping sleeping roommate Expat teaches how to avoid falling into debt This habit claimed 13 lives on Dubai roads Close Recommended For You 10 to thrill: Summer holiday packagesPUBLISHED ON Apr 25, 2017 Electronics ban, experimental travel in focusPUBLISHED ON Apr 24, 2017 Watch: Group wreak havoc at property PUBLISHED ON Apr 25, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Military Simulation and Virtual Training Industry – Present Scenario and The Growth Prospects Simulators and virtual training devices are used to reproduce the conditions experienced on the flight deck of aerial platforms, naval vessels, and usage of weapons, target systems, armored vehicles, and missiles exactly. Research analysts forecast the global military simulation and virtual training market to grow at a CAGR of 4.2% during the period 2017-2021. Request sample copy of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/262229 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global military simulation and virtual training market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the new installations, shipments, sales, volume, retrofit, replacement, spares, and aftermarket services. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC EMEA Research report, Global Military Simulation and Virtual Training Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Read more details of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-military-simulation-and-virtual-training-market-2017-2021 Key vendors CAE L3 Link Simulation & Training Lockheed Martin Rockwell Collins Saab Other prominent vendors Barco Boeing Fidelity Technologies Thales TRU Simulation + Training Market driver Expensive real-time military training For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Ambiguities in simulator and virtual training systems For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Emergence of portable simulation For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Companies Mentioned CAE, L3 Link Simulation & Training, Lockheed Martin, Rockwell Collins, Saab, Barco, Boeing, Fidelity Technologies, and Thales. Enquire more details of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/262229 About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019   CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, Military Simulation and Virtual Training Industry, Military Simulation and Virtual Training Industry Analysis, Military Simulation and Virtual Training Industry Forecast, Military Simulation and Virtual Training Industry Share, Military Simulation and Virtual Training Industry Size, satellite, satPRnews, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hilton Opens First Hotel in Picturesque Jiuzhaigou, Sichuan Province Next PostNext New Testing Procedure Holds Promise As a Critical Tool in the Global Effort to Eliminate Malaria Search Recent Posts Logitech’s 2014 Share Buyback Program Expires; Company to Enter New Program Basketball Diplomacy a Slam Dunk in Cameroon Big Training Brings Big Benefits for Fighting Forest Fires U.S.-Djiboutian Relationship Strong and Strengthening, Mattis Says Laminar Flow or Ductless – How to Select the Right Type of Fume Hood Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Wealth Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading 11 exclusive events around the world where you’re most likely to spot a billionaire this summer  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Money›Wealth WEALTH Business Insider Business Insider 11 exclusive events around the world where you’re most likely to spot a billionaire this summer Where to rub shoulders with top tech and business leaders over the coming months PUBLISHED : Monday, 24 April, 2017, 1:07pm UPDATED : Monday, 24 April, 2017, 1:07pm Comments:   Business Insider Share PrintEmail Related topics Business Insider Related Articles Health Does the 7 Minute Workout work? 21 Apr 2017 Health 6 unexpected psychological reasons people get into fights 19 Apr 2017 Innovation Scientists have invented a dryer that can dry clothes in half the time without heat 18 Apr 2017 The world’s richest people spend much of their time working to earn their fortunes. But they also make time for fun, and that often includes making appearances at some of the world’s most exclusive events. Wealth-X, a company that conducts research on the ultra-wealthy, recently released its annual billionaire census, which includes the typical social calendar of a high-powered billionaire. Here, we’ve highlighted the 11 events taking place from May to August this year where you’re most likely to spot a billionaire. We’ve also included info, provided by Wealth-X, about the billionaires who typically attend these events. From the Cannes Film Festival to Wimbledon to Burning Man, here’s where the world’s wealthiest spend their free time. MAY: Concorso D’Eleganza Villa D’Este The Concorso D’Eleganza Villa D’Este is an annual showcase of 50 of the world’s most beautiful cars built from the 1920s to the 1980s, held on the shores of Italy’s Lake Como. The event is sponsored by BMW, which presents one car owner with the Best in Show award every year. In 2013, that honour went to noted American clothing designer Ralph Lauren — who commands a US$5.2 billion fortune — for his 1938 Bugatti 57SC Atlantic. MAY: Cannes Film Festival Entertainment’s most talented actors, artists, directors, and producers head to Cannes, France, each May to attend the Cannes Film Festival. The 11-day fête is one of the most significant stages for European cinema, its massive red carpet a symbol of the festival’s glamour and prestige. Every year, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder with a net worth of US$19.6 billion, hosts an exclusive party teeming with celebrities aboard his US$150 million, 414-foot yacht named Octopus. MAY: Formula One Monaco Grand Prix One-third of the Triple Crown of Motorsport, the Monaco Grand Prix is one of the most prestigious auto races in the world, held each May along the French Riviera in Monte Carlo. Monaco’s royal family is a mainstay at the Formula One world championship, as is Mansour Akram Ojjeh, the CEO of TAG Group, a huge player in luxury aviation and motorsports. Ojjeh, whose fortune stands at nearly US$2 billion, invested millions in McLaren Technology and was instrumental in founding the McLaren Formula One team. JUNE: Cartier Queen’s Cup The Cartier Queen’s Cup is a 22-goal polo tournament held annually at the start of summer at the Guards Polo Club in England. It’s reportedly “the jewel in the crown of the British polo season.” The multi-week event culminates each year with namesake Queen Elizabeth II presenting the winner with the silver cup. Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha, a Thai businessman worth US$1.6 billion who owns travel retail group King Power, attends the event each year. In 2016, his team King Power Foxes took home the Queen’s Cup. JUNE: Paris Air Show The International Paris Air Show, one of the world’s earliest air shows, is put on each year by the French Aerospace Industries Association. It’s a showcase of more than 150 aircraft displaying the latest in aerospace technology to over 350,000 attendees. Don’t be shocked if you see billionaire Elon Musk milling the grounds. The CEO of SpaceX, who’s worth an estimated US$15.6 billion, partnered up with Boeing and NASA in 2014 to develop an aircraft that will bring astronauts to the International Space Station. JUNE: Jaeger-LeCoultre Gold Cup Polo lovers travel from all corners of the world for the Jaeger-LeCoultre Gold Cup, reportedly “the most important single, polo tournament played outside Argentina.” It’s held in West Sussex, England, each year at Cowdray Park Polo Club and determines the winners of the British Open title. Australian media magnate James Packer, who’s worth US$4.1 billion, has played at the club with polo horses he raised at his family’s stables in South America and Australia. JUNE: Royal Ascot Royal Ascot is the premiere racing event in Great Britain. The top racehorses in the world, along with their wealthy owners and sponsors, compete in front of the royal family, exclusive invite-only guests, and anyone else that can afford the ticket. Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the prime minister of United Arab Emirates, is a frequent attendee. With a fortune topping US$5 billion, Al Maktoum is the owner of numerous thoroughbred race horses and stables around the world. He’s also the founder of the Dubai Cup, a horse racing event in the United Arab Emirates. JUNE: Bilderberg Conference Bilderberg Conference is an annual private meeting of about 150 European and North American elites, including some of the smartest — and richest — people in politics, finance, academia, and the media. The three-day forum first took place in 1954 in Oosterbeek, Netherlands, at Hotel De Bilderberg to increase idea-sharing and dialogue between the world’s superpowers. Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, whose fortune is close to US$80 billion, has previously attended the event, which changes its invitee list annually. JULY: Wimbledon Wimbledon is the oldest and most prestigious tennis tournament in the world and takes place in London annually in July. With players donning stark white tennis attire and guests dressing to impress, the sports event is unique in its focus on elegance at all levels. Jorge Lemann, a savvy Brazilian investor worth US$26.6 billion, attends Wimbledon each year. After graduating from Harvard in 1961, Lemann competed at Wimbledon himself during a two-year stint playing tennis on the international circuit. AUGUST: Les Azuriales Opera Les Azuriales Opera was founded 20 years ago as an opera festival. Every August, a few hundred guests from around the world would gather at the stunning Villa Ephrussi de Rothschild in Cap-Ferrat, France, to hear world-class opera performances. In 2012, the production was scaled down to a program for cultivating young and talented artists. Scottish businessman and philanthropist Irvine Laidlaw, who’s worth US$970 million, financially supports the youth program and is a committee member of Les Azuriales Opera. AUGUST: Burning Man Burning Man runs from the end of August to the beginning of September in Nevada’s vast Black Rock Desert, where tens of thousands of festival-goers gather for a week of holistic living and artistic expression. Facebook cofounder and Asana CEO Dustin Moskovitz, who’s worth $13.4 billion, is a regular attendee. In 2012, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg reportedly flew in for a day to join his friend on “the playa,” as it’s known. business-article-page   Most Popular Viewed 1 Hong Kong’s a rip-off, even if you’re rich 2 China gives Hollywood flops like Furious 8 a second chance 3 The county at the centre of a Chinese debt crisis 4 Puffing across the ‘One Belt, One Road’ rail route to nowhere 5 Immigration restrictions create double whammy for Indian techies Shared 1 Hong Kong’s a rip-off, even if you’re rich 2 China gives Hollywood flops like Furious 8 a second chance 3 The county at the centre of a Chinese debt crisis 4 Puffing across the ‘One Belt, One Road’ rail route to nowhere 5 Immigration restrictions create double whammy for Indian techies Commented 1 Dope-ban triathlete hits out at Hong Kong Spartan Race organisers 2 Are competitors in Hong Kong’s Spartan Race on level playing field? 3 Hong Kong knee surgeon will try to save Zlatan Ibrahimovic’s career 4 Money talks as Sharapova is welcomed back with open arms 5 Australian couple Hunt and Ross win Hong Kong Sprint Spartan Race Promotions Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2017 SCMP Invites you to Le French May “Paris Ballet Legend - A Night With The Stars”       You may also like Insight & Opinion Smearing Singapore: why can’t Hollywood ever get Asia right? 20 Apr 2017 - 6:46pm 72 Connected beauty gets a digital makeover In partnership with: HKT PREMIER China Plug pulled on US interview with wanted Chinese tycoon 20 Apr 2017 - 10:48pm 20 HKIS Students Go Under Razor for Kids’ Cancer Research Sponsored by: Hong Kong International School World 45 years of grappling with Vancouver unaffordability 21 Apr 2017 - 1:11am 12 Asia Trump: ‘Korea used to be part of China’. Does that stack up? 20 Apr 2017 - 10:43pm 75 Food & Drink Hong Kong’s Dried Seafood Street demystified 20 Apr 2017 - 5:05pm 2 China Storm looms as Xi tries to clean up financial industry 20 Apr 2017 - 12:04pm 11 Post Magazine Who will get the Chinese vote in French election 20 Apr 2017 - 1:34pm 4 Music Canto-pop’s Aaron Kwok weds model Moka Fang 19 Apr 2017 - 6:06pm 10 Hong Kong Artist Ai Weiwei takes to social media after HSBC rejects application 19 Apr 2017 - 2:19pm 62 Insight & Opinion Why Beijing’s push may not be enough to make Xiongan take off 19 Apr 2017 - 6:31pm South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman InTech Aerospace Making Facility Investments for Better Customer Capabilities HOUSTON, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- InTech Aerospace LLC, a steadily growing aviation technical services firm specializing in commercial and government airplane interiors and components, has commenced substantial improvements in its main facility near George Bush International Airport. Scott Mowery, InTech's Chief Operating Officer, said, "At Intech Aerospace we are committed to creating the most positive and efficient work environment for our employees. Utilizing lean initiatives and Investing in these substantial facility improvements will enhance that environment, and further supports delivering top quality products to our customers in the most efficient time.  We are improving our capabilities to do more for our airline and MRO clients, always seeking to exceed customer's expectations." InTech Aerospace announces these facility-wide improvements on the eve of "MRO-Americas," the industry's largest trade show serving the aviation MRO market.  The facility upgrades and shop enhancements will continue as an investment project through 4th Quarter 2017. Based in Houston TX, InTech Aerospace is poised for continued growth as commercial airlines fleets keep expanding. InTech performs a variety of overhaul, repair, and retrofit chores chiefly on aircraft interiors and related components on fixed-wing aircraft. InTech Aerospace enjoys a client list that includes regional airlines, mainline carriers, large OEM's, aircraft leasing companies, government aircraft, and major MRO facilities. InTech's served markets show strong underpinnings for long-term growth. The airlines' fleets are expected to double in their numbers in the next 20 years (forecasts by Boeing, Airbus, and FAA), and interiors tend to wear out with heavy use, requiring periodic overhaul and upgrade. That aftermarket cycle of recurring repairs is where InTech Aerospace predicts its steadiest growth in the next 5 to 10 years. InTech Aerospace has teams of highly experienced craftspeople and FAA-licensed aircraft technicians that repair and overhaul virtually everything inside the cabin of an aircraft, including seats, galleys, lavatories, floor panels, sidewalls, overheads, and everything in between. InTech Aerospace is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ranger AeroSystems in Greenville SC, an aviation growth platform created by Ranger Aerospace.  Plans are to enhance and expand InTech Aerospace through internal investments and organic growth, and possibly complementary acquisitions. For more information, see:  www.intechaero.com and www.rangeraerospace.com. Reach InTech Aerospace at (281) 810-4400, or Ranger Aerospace at (864) 329-9000. Forward Looking Statements: The Company from time to time may discuss forward-looking information. Except for factual historical information, all forward looking statements are estimates by the Company's management and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that are beyond the Company's control and may cause actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. SOURCE Ranger Aerospace CategoriesUncategorized TagsAerospace/Defense, Airlines/Aviation, New Products/Services, Travel, Workforce Management/Human Resources Post navigation Previous PostPrevious @Umich Prof. Josh Cole: The Next Two Weeks Will Not Be Easy for Macron as He Tries to Assemble Majority Support From a Severely Divided Electorate. Next PostNext Fujitsu to Supply Boeing with RFID Technology to Manage Aircraft Components Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español InTech Aerospace Making Facility Investments for Better Customer Capabilities News provided by Ranger Aerospace 24 Apr, 2017, 00:01 ET Share this article HOUSTON, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- InTech Aerospace LLC, a steadily growing aviation technical services firm specializing in commercial and government airplane interiors and components, has commenced substantial improvements in its main facility near George Bush International Airport. Scott Mowery, InTech's Chief Operating Officer, said, "At Intech Aerospace we are committed to creating the most positive and efficient work environment for our employees. Utilizing lean initiatives and Investing in these substantial facility improvements will enhance that environment, and further supports delivering top quality products to our customers in the most efficient time.  We are improving our capabilities to do more for our airline and MRO clients, always seeking to exceed customer's expectations." InTech Aerospace announces these facility-wide improvements on the eve of "MRO-Americas," the industry's largest trade show serving the aviation MRO market.  The facility upgrades and shop enhancements will continue as an investment project through 4th Quarter 2017. Based in Houston TX, InTech Aerospace is poised for continued growth as commercial airlines fleets keep expanding. InTech performs a variety of overhaul, repair, and retrofit chores chiefly on aircraft interiors and related components on fixed-wing aircraft. InTech Aerospace enjoys a client list that includes regional airlines, mainline carriers, large OEM's, aircraft leasing companies, government aircraft, and major MRO facilities. InTech's served markets show strong underpinnings for long-term growth. The airlines' fleets are expected to double in their numbers in the next 20 years (forecasts by Boeing, Airbus, and FAA), and interiors tend to wear out with heavy use, requiring periodic overhaul and upgrade. That aftermarket cycle of recurring repairs is where InTech Aerospace predicts its steadiest growth in the next 5 to 10 years. InTech Aerospace has teams of highly experienced craftspeople and FAA-licensed aircraft technicians that repair and overhaul virtually everything inside the cabin of an aircraft, including seats, galleys, lavatories, floor panels, sidewalls, overheads, and everything in between. InTech Aerospace is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ranger AeroSystems in Greenville SC, an aviation growth platform created by Ranger Aerospace.  Plans are to enhance and expand InTech Aerospace through internal investments and organic growth, and possibly complementary acquisitions. For more information, see:  www.intechaero.com and www.rangeraerospace.com. Reach InTech Aerospace at (281) 810-4400, or Ranger Aerospace at (864) 329-9000. Forward Looking Statements: The Company from time to time may discuss forward-looking information. Except for factual historical information, all forward looking statements are estimates by the Company's management and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that are beyond the Company's control and may cause actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/intech-aerospace-making-facility-investments-for-better-customer-capabilities-300443825.html SOURCE Ranger Aerospace Related Links http://www.rangeraerospace.com 17 Apr, 2017, 05:58 ET Preview: InTech Aerospace Promotes Scott Mowery to Chief Operating Officer My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 31 Mar, 2017, 11:01 ET InTech Aerospace Promotes Scott Mowery to Chief Operating Officer 31 Mar, 2017, 11:01 ET Ranger Aerospace Marks 20 Years of Private Equity Aviation Buyouts Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Human Resource & Workforce Management Aerospace & Defense Travel Industry New Products & Services You just read: InTech Aerospace Making Facility Investments for Better Customer Capabilities News provided by Ranger Aerospace 24 Apr, 2017, 00:01 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Latest News Dow 20,764 +216.13 +1.05% Nasdaq 5,984 +73.30 +1.24% S&P 500 2,374 +25.46 +1.08% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,461.73 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 2 points higher at 5,270.73 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens fractionally higher at 7,267.91 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens fractionally higher at 386.24 2:53 A.M. ET Marine Le Pen steps down as leader of National Front, for now 2:47 A.M. ET STV CEO Woodward to leave; says trading in line 2:45 A.M. ET Ericsson logs hefty loss on write-downs 2:44 A.M. ET Amec Foster Wheeler loss widens on oil decline 2:43 A.M. ET LVMH to pay €6 bln for full control of Dior unit 2:41 A.M. ET Whitbread lifts dividend as full-year profit rises 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Emmanuel Macron: 5 things to know about the man poised to be France’s president 2:00 A.M. ET Dutch recruiter Randstad posts higher earnings 1:59 A.M. ET Swedbank posts rise in net profit 1:59 A.M. ET Updated Novartis profit falls on drug failure charge 1:58 A.M. ET SAP net profit falls 9%, weighed by expenses 1:26 A.M. ET Oil rises as bargain hunters snap to attention 1:02 A.M. ET Three infrastructure stocks to buy — regardless of Trump’s spending plans 12:10 A.M. ET Updated This trick may help college students avoid stress, depression and hangovers 12:09 A.M. ET Updated How both middle-class and wealthy American families are sliding inexorably into the red 12:09 A.M. ET Updated After Juicero, here are 10 crazy expensive foods you should make — NOT buy Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release InTech Aerospace Making Facility Investments for Better Customer Capabilities By Published: Apr 24, 2017 12:01 a.m. ET Share HOUSTON, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- InTech Aerospace LLC, a steadily growing aviation technical services firm specializing in commercial and government airplane interiors and components, has commenced substantial improvements in its main facility near George Bush International Airport. Scott Mowery, InTech's Chief Operating Officer, said, "At Intech Aerospace we are committed to creating the most positive and efficient work environment for our employees. Utilizing lean initiatives and Investing in these substantial facility improvements will enhance that environment, and further supports delivering top quality products to our customers in the most efficient time.  We are improving our capabilities to do more for our airline and MRO clients, always seeking to exceed customer's expectations." InTech Aerospace announces these facility-wide improvements on the eve of "MRO-Americas," the industry's largest trade show serving the aviation MRO market.  The facility upgrades and shop enhancements will continue as an investment project through 4th Quarter 2017. Based in Houston TX, InTech Aerospace is poised for continued growth as commercial airlines fleets keep expanding. InTech performs a variety of overhaul, repair, and retrofit chores chiefly on aircraft interiors and related components on fixed-wing aircraft. InTech Aerospace enjoys a client list that includes regional airlines, mainline carriers, large OEM's, aircraft leasing companies, government aircraft, and major MRO facilities. InTech's served markets show strong underpinnings for long-term growth. The airlines' fleets are expected to double in their numbers in the next 20 years (forecasts by Boeing, Airbus, and FAA), and interiors tend to wear out with heavy use, requiring periodic overhaul and upgrade. That aftermarket cycle of recurring repairs is where InTech Aerospace predicts its steadiest growth in the next 5 to 10 years. InTech Aerospace has teams of highly experienced craftspeople and FAA-licensed aircraft technicians that repair and overhaul virtually everything inside the cabin of an aircraft, including seats, galleys, lavatories, floor panels, sidewalls, overheads, and everything in between. InTech Aerospace is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ranger AeroSystems in Greenville SC, an aviation growth platform created by Ranger Aerospace.  Plans are to enhance and expand InTech Aerospace through internal investments and organic growth, and possibly complementary acquisitions. For more information, see:  www.intechaero.com and www.rangeraerospace.com. Reach InTech Aerospace at (281) 810-4400, or Ranger Aerospace at (864) 329-9000. Forward Looking Statements: The Company from time to time may discuss forward-looking information. Except for factual historical information, all forward looking statements are estimates by the Company's management and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that are beyond the Company's control and may cause actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/intech-aerospace-making-facility-investments-for-better-customer-capabilities-300443825.html SOURCE Ranger Aerospace Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Wall Street ‘fear’ gauge plummets as French election results spark global relief rally Hollywood writers vote to authorize strike as deadline looms Are planets aligned for a renewed stock market rally? Unusual full Senate briefing to be held by White House on North Korea This security attack costs companies over $3 billion in losses MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Photos Videos Topics Live WI 93/4 (28) - PAK 407/10 (138.4) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Sonu Nigam Vijay Mallya TTV Dinakaran Donald Trump IPL 2017 News Academy IITs may expand courses in aerospace engineering Aerospace engineering (File Photo) Shares116 Kritika Sharma | Mon, 24 Apr 2017-08:00am , New Delhi , DNA Interest in aerospace has increased because it provides a multi-disciplinary approach Aerospace engineering as a career option has seen an increased interest from students with a technical background. Sensing this demand, the Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) plan to expand in the field. Currently, there are only over 200 seats for aerospace engineering, which is an option available only in four IITs across India. However, the premier institute plans to increase the number sensing a keen interest from students. Aerospace engineering is currently available in IIT Kharagpur, IIT Madras, IIT Kanpur and IIT Bombay. According to IIT faculty, interest in aerospace has increased because it provides a multi-disciplinary approach to students. "It allows for systematic thinking," says Dr PVM Rao, Head, central workshop and IDD centre, IIT Delhi. "The aerospace sector has seen an increased demand for qualified engineering talent in the past few years," he said. "The best thing about a career in aviation is that students from diverse streams like Chemical, Mechanical, IT have a chance. Because their are many things that go into making of aeroplane and then into its maintenance," said Professor Rao. Students showed their interest at the recently held finals of the aero-modelling competition — Boeing -- IIT National Aeromodelling Competition at IIT-Delhi. About 800 students from 300 engineering colleges across the country participated in the event, of which 28 made it to the finals held on Saturday. The three winners will get a first-hand experience of the aviation industry. "The number of students who participate and the sheer talent on display is testimony to the immense potential of India's engineering sector. Initiatives like these will help shape the coming generations to be the innovators, who drive India's aerospace industry," said Pratyush Kumar, president, Boeing India. Talking about how competition provides practical experience to students, Professor Rao said, "Platforms like these will motivate students to explore avenues of innovation." Kritika Sharma TOP TOP < Adopted by parliamentarians, await basic amenities   Comments   Also Read Academy Asia's biggest centre for animation, visual effects, gaming and comics to be set up in Mumbai: IIMC DG Academy What to do during summer vacation Academy Average salary offered to XLRI students Rs 19.21 lakh Academy Are cars weapons of mass destruction? Academy Make kids comfortable in class, give them space Academy Hindi may be made compulsory till class X in CBSE schools, KVs < Previous ArticleNext Article > Adopted by parliamentarians, await basic amenities Live Cricket Score Live WI 93/4 (28), 286/10 (95) WI trail by 28 runs PAK 407/10 (138.4) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related IIT Roorkee hostel timings same for both boys & girls: AK Chaturvedi Drop courses with few takers: Centre IITs wanted `21k crore, but only `7k cr cleared Video WATCH | #EarthDayWithDNA: Would you treat a person the way you treat the environment? Wayward cows and roadside dancing: WATCH this hilarious spoof of 'Fast and Furious' in India! WATCH: Smriti Irani REACTS to 2 Punjabi boys dancing to 'Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' title song View all Tags IITs Aerospace Engineering Indian Institutes of Technology Students IIT Kharagpur IIT Madras IIT Kanpur IIT Bombay Dr PVM Rao Pratyush Kumar Boeing India SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Govt assures action for 'cold-blooded murder' in Sukma Ukraine cuts power supply to separatist region, blaming unpaid debts Afghanistan pitches for efforts to combat terrorism 30 sovereign jewels, cash stolen from house in Erode Opposition-backed bandh in TN, Stalin held in Tiruvarur Sport Younis draws praise post 10,000 Test runs landmark Harikrishna goes down against Kramnik at Shamkir Chess 2017 Focus on Ghosal, Chinappa, Pallikal at Asian Squash meet Rugby-Lions omission will "eat away" at Haskell, says Wasps Young AIBA withdraws support but Amir bullish about India league Entertainment Aamir receives Dinanath Mangeshkar Award from RSS chief Sagarika Ghatge and Zaheer Khan to get MARRIED by this year end! Farhan Akhtar and Adhuna Bhabani are officially DIVORCED now Sonakshi Sinha BREAKS SILENCE about performing at the Justin Bieber concert in India! Elton John cancels Las Vegas gig following hospitalisation Money Rupee rallies to 3-week high at 64.27 vs USD in late morning JLL sells India housing brokerage to former country head BHEL's largest Rs 10K-cr power project in Bangladesh takes off Amec Foster Wheeler reports bigger-than-expected FY pretax loss Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  You are here: Home > Business > Manufacturing Domestic airliner in final tests 0 Comment(s)Print E-mail China Daily, April 24, 2017 Adjust font size: The C919, the much-anticipated first commercial aircraft for passengers to be made in China, has taken another step closer to its maiden flight by completing its fourth high-speed taxiing test on Sunday in Shanghai. The C919, China's first domestically produced passenger jet, undergoes its fourth high-speed taxiing test in Shanghai on Sunday. [Photo/China Daily] It was the C919's first test with the front landing gear of the plane slightly lifted to simulate takeoff. The single-aisle, 168-seat, twin-engine jet is now just one step away from its first flight, according to Shanghai-based Commercial Aircraft Corp of China, the State-owned manufacturer. Also on Saturday, the C919 received a flight permit from the Civil Aviation Administration of China. It has acquired all the necessary certificates to prepare for its first flight. Wang Yanan, editor-in-chief of Aerospace Knowledge magazine, said high-speed taxiing tests are usually conducted at speeds of 230 to 260 kilometers per hour. Judging from current progress, the C919 may need only a few more ground tests, if any, he said. "Usually, every high-speed test on the ground will be conducted at a faster speed than the previous one, becoming increasingly similar to the real conditions of takeoff. It could be approved quickly if everything went right and no big technical faults occurred," Wang said. Fu Qianshao, a researcher at an aviation magazine affiliated with the People's Liberation Army Air Force, said the airliner boasts a series of design and technology innovations based on in-depth research into its international counterparts－specifically Boeing's B737 and the Airbus A320. For instance, the C919's front windshield consists of only four pieces, a design that is said to be more fuel efficient and stronger than designs with more panels. "Do not underestimate the importance of windshield design," Fu said. "Compared with the Boeing 737's traditional six panels of windshield glass, it is a huge improvement when it comes to the strength of its body structure, air resistance and fuel efficiency." Also, to accommodate more powerful turbofan engines, the C919's designers needed to strengthen the landing gear of the aircraft and make them taller. The domestically manufactured plane, which uses a great deal of composite materials, is expected to be relatively light and fuel-efficient compared with its competitors, including the updated A320 and the new-generation B737, which currently dominate the market. So far, COMAC had received 570 orders for the C919 from 23 clients, including domestic airlines such as Air China, China Southern, China Eastern, Hainan Airlines and Sichuan Airlines. Overseas orders account for about 10 percent of the total, including airlines from Germany and Thailand, and others from the Asia Pacific region and Africa. Follow China.org.cn on Twitter and Facebook to join the conversation. ChinaNews App Download Print E-mail Related China-made C919 passenger jet to take off soon C919 passenger jet ready to lift Chinese aviation industry Go to Forum >>0 Comment(s) No comments. Add your comments... User Name Required Your Comment Enter the words you see:    Racist, abusive and off-topic comments may be removed by the moderator. Send your storiesGet more from China.org.cnMobileRSSNewsletter Domestic airliner in final tests The C919, the much-anticipated first commercial aircraft for passengers to be made in China, has taken another step closer to its maiden flight by completing its fourth high-speed taxiing test on Sunday in Shanghai. China Daily China Daily
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Domestic airliner in final tests By admin in Uncategorized April 24, 2017 The C919, the much-anticipated first commercial aircraft for passengers to be made in China, has taken another step closer to its maiden flight by completing its fourth high-speed taxiing test on Sunday in Shanghai. The C919, China’s first domestically produced passenger jet, undergoes its fourth high-speed taxiing test in Shanghai on Sunday. [Photo/China Daily] It was the C919’s first test with the front landing gear of the plane slightly lifted to simulate takeoff. The single-aisle, 168-seat, twin-engine jet is now just one step away from its first flight, according to Shanghai-based Commercial Aircraft Corp of China, the State-owned manufacturer. Also on Saturday, the C919 received a flight permit from the Civil Aviation Administration of China. It has acquired all the necessary certificates to prepare for its first flight. Wang Yanan, editor-in-chief of Aerospace Knowledge magazine, said high-speed taxiing tests are usually conducted at speeds of 230 to 260 kilometers per hour. Judging from current progress, the C919 may need only a few more ground tests, if any, he said. “Usually, every high-speed test on the ground will be conducted at a faster speed than the previous one, becoming increasingly similar to the real conditions of takeoff. It could be approved quickly if everything went right and no big technical faults occurred,” Wang said. Fu Qianshao, a researcher at an aviation magazine affiliated with the People’s Liberation Army Air Force, said the airliner boasts a series of design and technology innovations based on in-depth research into its international counterparts－specifically Boeing’s B737 and the Airbus A320. For instance, the C919’s front windshield consists of only four pieces, a design that is said to be more fuel efficient and stronger than designs with more panels. “Do not underestimate the importance of windshield design,” Fu said. “Compared with the Boeing 737’s traditional six panels of windshield glass, it is a huge improvement when it comes to the strength of its body structure, air r… Post navigation Ex-captive panda may be pregnant Tiahleigh Palmer’s foster brother looks to skip hearing Search for: Recent Posts ‘Always performing’ – my autism diagnosis helped me accept the person beneath the act Nasir Jamshed challenges spot-fixing charges against him Richmond’s Alex Rance says Jack Riewoldt has changed for the better WWE Raw Results: Braun Strowman continues rampage before WWE Payback Jarryd Hayne and Nathan Peats will need to take major pay cuts to return to Parramatta Eels Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
X Close Regional Home > News > Regional < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 25 April 2017 First passenger aircraft in final tests Wings of change: The C919 undergoing its fourth high-speed taxiing test in Shanghai. — China Daily/Asia News Network SHANGHAI: The C919, the much-anticipated first commercial aircraft for passengers to be made in China, has taken another step closer to its maiden flight by completing its fourth high-speed taxiing test in Shanghai. It was the C919’s first test with the front landing gear of the plane slightly lifted to simulate takeoff. The single-aisle, 168-seat, twin-engine jet is now just one step away from its first flight, according to Shanghai-based Commercial Aircraft Corp of China, the State-owned manufacturer. Also on Saturday, the C919 received a flight permit from the Civil Aviation Administration of China. It has acquired all the necessary certificates to prepare for its first flight. Wang Yanan, editor-in-chief of Aerospace Knowledge magazine, said high-speed taxiing tests are usually conducted at speeds of 230kmp to 260kmp. Judging from current progress, the C919 may need only a few more ground tests, if any, he said. “Usually, every high-speed test on the ground will be conducted at a faster speed than the previous one, becoming increasingly similar to the real conditions of takeoff. It could be approved quickly if everything went right and no big technical faults occurred,” Wang said. Fu Qianshao, a researcher at an aviation magazine affiliated with the People’s Liberation Army Air Force, said the airliner boasts a series of design and technology innovations based on in-depth research into its international counterparts – specifically Boeing’s B737 and the Airbus A320. For instance, the C919’s front windshield consists of only four pieces, a design that is said to be more fuel efficient and stronger than designs with more panels, usually six on the Boeing 737. — China Daily/Asia News Network Tags / Keywords: world Related Stories Related Stories Manila on high alert against terrorism during Asean meet Mobike to add 50 cycle parking zones in Singapore Furious Afghans call for resignations after brazen attack Australia and New Zealand hit back at N. Korea threat Twelve-year-old stopped from finishing journey You May Be Interested Large crowds as Australia and New Zealand mark Anzac Day Chinese students having cosmetic surgery to aid job interviews Meet the Hong Kong surgeon who could save Zlatan's career Borrowers have a funny way of showing gratitude How to own your first home with zero down payment Save the planet with a fun day out this May Others Also Read Charity jam session by hotels association enters 18th year Four-goal Newcastle romp back to Premier League Get fit this weekend advertisement Latest News Japan's ruling party heavyweight to attend China's New Silk Road summit Oslo, London lead push for greener transport - study South Korea tourist numbers plummet in China boycott Iraqi forces using siege and stealth to evict Islamic State from Mosul Turkish military says struck PKK targets in Iraq's Sinjar, northeastern Syria Most Viewed in News Investors may lose RM500mil Pupil: I cannot stand it anymore Man killed while fishing with modified electric rod Married man in India arrested after faking terror plot to avoid going on holiday with girlfriend Sanjeevan acquitted of extortion charge Social media abuzz with video of Dr Zakir's factual mistakes Stone Age remains buried in seashells the first to be found in Malaysia Thai police nab another Malaysian suspected of being key drug syndicate member Teen lovers’ tryst ends in tragedy with boy found dead Boy, 5, killed in four-vehicle collision near Seremban R&R Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
News English Isranews? POLITICO Investigation – Obama’s hidden Iran deal giveaway (anglais) By dropping charges against major arms targets, the administration infuriated Justice Department officials — and undermined its own counterproliferation task forces. When President Barack Obama announced the “one-time gesture” of releasing Iranian-born prisoners who “were not charged with terrorism or any violent offenses” last year, his administration presented the move as a modest trade-off for the greater good of the Iran nuclear agreement and Tehran’s pledge to free five Americans. “Iran had a significantly higher number of individuals, of course, at the beginning of this negotiation that they would have liked to have seen released,” one senior Obama administration official told reporters in a background briefing arranged by the White House, adding that “we were able to winnow that down to these seven individuals, six of whom are Iranian-Americans.” But Obama, the senior official and other administration representatives weren’t telling the whole story on Jan. 17, 2016, in their highly choreographed rollout of the prisoner swap and simultaneous implementation of the six-party nuclear deal, according to a POLITICO investigation. In his Sunday morning address to the American people, Obama portrayed the seven men he freed as “civilians.” The senior official described them as businessmen convicted of or awaiting trial for mere “sanctions-related offenses, violations of the trade embargo.” In reality, some of them were accused by Obama’s own Justice Department of posing threats to national security. Three allegedly were part of an illegal procurement network supplying Iran with U.S.-made microelectronics with applications in surface-to-air and cruise missiles like the kind Tehran test-fired recently, prompting a still-escalating exchange of threats with the Trump administration. Another was serving an eight-year sentence for conspiring to supply Iran with satellite technology and hardware. As part of the deal, U.S. officials even dropped their demand for $10 million that a jury said the aerospace engineer illegally received from Tehran. And in a series of unpublicized court filings, the Justice Department dropped charges and international arrest warrants against 14 other men, all of them fugitives. The administration didn’t disclose their names or what they were accused of doing, noting only in an unattributed, 152-word statement about the swap that the U.S. “also removed any Interpol red notices and dismissed any charges against 14 Iranians for whom it was assessed that extradition requests were unlikely to be successful.” Three of the fugitives allegedly sought to lease Boeing aircraft for an Iranian airline that authorities say had supported Hezbollah, the U.S.-designated terrorist organization. A fourth, Behrouz Dolatzadeh, was charged with conspiring to buy thousands of U.S.-made assault rifles and illegally import them into Iran. Lire l’article complet sur http://www.politico.com Share this on WhatsApp Leave a reply Share This 7 9 Avr 24, 2017 Post navigation ← Révélations: comment l’Administration Obama a épargné l’Iran Venezuela : au moins 24 personnes tuées dans les manifestations contre le Président Maduro → Laisser un commentaire Annuler la réponse. Votre adresse de messagerie ne sera pas publiée. Les champs obligatoires sont indiqués avec * Commentaire Nom * Adresse de messagerie * Site web
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Satellite Manufacturing Market: Size, Trends, Industry Share and Forecast, 2016–2024 Sarasota, FL — (SBWIRE) — 04/24/2017 — Zion Market Research, the market research group announced the analysis report titled „Satellite Manufacturing Market: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2016–2024„ Global Satellite Manufacturing Market: Overview A satellite revolves around a big object. There are two types of satellites available; natural and artificial. Earth and the moon are natural satellites as the earth revolves around the sun and the moon around the earth. Artificial satellites are nothing but satellites that are manufactured by the humans. Man-made satellites are machines that are launched into space and orbit the earth or any other body present in the space. In the recent years, the implementation of the satellite technology is extensively high in developed regions owing to the high demand for digital content. Global Satellite Manufacturing Market: Segmentation The global satellite manufacturing market is segmented into application and geography. On the basis of application, the market is segregated into satellite launch and satellite manufacturing. The geographical segmentation of the satellite manufacturing market includes North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia-Pacific, and the Middle East and Africa. Request Free Sample Report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/sample/satellite-manufacturing-market Global Satellite Manufacturing Market: Growth Factors There are a number of factors that are contributing towards the expansion of the global satellite manufacturing market; the chief factor that drives the market is the increasing demand and application of commercial satellites. The escalating penetration across the globe along with the extremely rising figure of wireless connectivity users and uses further supports the growth of the global satellite manufacturing market. Another prime factor that drives the market is the growing demand from the defense sector. Even though the market is developing, the global satellite manufacturing market is caught up by several challenges. Challenges such as the key market players are struggling owing to the low investments that are made by the government. The economic slowdown that was witnessed across different regions across the world also had an adverse effect on the market. Another challenge that is expected to holdup the market growth is the need to enforce space debris as per the regulations. Global Satellite Manufacturing Market: Regional Analysis The North American region dominates the satellite manufacturing market. This is due to the increasing number of opportunities in this region. The countries that are contributing majorly in the satellite manufacturing market are the US, Canada, Mexico, Brazil. The contribution that is made by these countries are high participation in space programs, huge investments that are made by the key market players owing to the increasing number of opportunities, and the significant development of the infrastructure. The organizations such as National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and SpaceX which are majorly involved in the research and development of the satellites are located in the US. All these factors contribute to the growth of the satellite manufacturing market in the North America. In the coming years, there will be an increase in the opportunities in the regions such as Europe and Asia Pacific. Global Satellite Manufacturing Market: Competitive Players Some of the key market players that are involved in the satellite manufacturing market include Boeing, Indian Space Research Organization, Thales Group, APCO Technologies SA., Lockheed Martin Corp., and Orbital Sciences Corp. Request Report TOC (Table of Contents) @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/toc/satellite-manufacturing-market Global Satellite Manufacturing Market: Regional Segment Analysis North America U.S. Europe UK France Germany Asia Pacific China Japan India Latin America Brazil The Middle East and Africa What Reports Provides Full in-depth analysis of the parent market Important changes in market dynamics Segmentation details of the market Former, on-going, and projected market analysis in terms of volume and value Assessment of niche industry developments Market share analysis Key strategies of major players Emerging segments and regional markets Testimonials to companies in order to fortify their foothold in the market. Browse detail report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/report/satellite-manufacturing-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ophthalmic Chair Market Segmentation and Analysis by Recent Trends, Development and Growth by Regions to 2022 Next PostNext Wells Financial Corp. (WEFP: OTCQB) | Wells Financial Corp. Announces First Quarter Results of Operations Search Recent Posts Phosphor Screen Scanner Market Size, Growth Drivers, Market Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast to 2021 IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Amyris, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Marrone Bio Innovations, Inc. Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Stock Neurosurgical Drills Market 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast To 2021 Automatic Polarimeter Market Research, Key Players, Industry Overview, Supply and Consumption Demand Analysis to 2021 Proudly powered by WordPress
Search Newsweek Search form Search Search form Search U.S. World Business Tech & Science Culture Sports Opinion Subscribe To Newsweek Sign In Subscribe To Newsweek Change Your Edition US International Middle East 日本 한국 Pakistan Polska Srbija Sign In U.S. President Trump to Congratulate Astronaut Peggy Whitson on Record-Breaking Time in Space By Sofia Lotto Persio On 4/24/17 at 5:42 AM Close U.S. NASA Peggy Whitson International Space Station International Space Station (ISS) commander Peggy Whitson has added a new record to the list of her trailblazing achievements. At 1.27 a.m. ET on April 24 she became the U.S. astronaut with the longest cumulative time spent in space: 534 days, 2 hours, 49 minutes and counting. Whitson took the crown during her third long-duration mission, beating Jeff Williams, who had racked up 534 days, 2 hours and 48 minutes. In her previous two missions to the ISS in 2002 and 2008, Whitson recorded a total 376 days in space. Her current mission started in November, when she set off from Kazakhstan with Russian cosmonaut Oleg Novitskiy and French astronaut Thomas Pesquet, and will end in September, when she will have clocked in a record of more than 650 days spent in space. U.S. President Donald Trump, his daughter and special adviser Ivanka Trump, and NASA astronaut Kate Rubins are expected to make a 20-minute, Earth-to-space call at 10 a.m. ET Monday to congratulate Whitson. NASA will screen the call live via its television channel and via social media: Try Newsweek from $3.25 per week The Iowa native is accustomed to making space history. She became the first woman to command the ISS in 2008 and in April she became the first woman to do that twice. Whitson, who at 57 is also the oldest woman to go to space, began her NASA career in the 1980s after gaining a doctorate in biochemistry. She became an astronaut in 1996 and made her first trip to the ISS in 2002. In 2009 she became the first woman to be appointed chief of the Astronaut Office, a position she held until 2012. U.S. Astronaut Peggy Whitson flew to her third mission to the International Space Station (ISS) in November 2016. When her mission ends in September, she will have spent more than 650 cumulative days in space. Maxim Zmeyev/Reuters In March, her eighth spacewalk set a new record for the most spacewalks by a woman and she is set to make her ninth on May 12, increasing her time of more than 53 hours spent outside the space station. The recent spacewalks aim to prepare the space stations for the arrival of commercial spaceships in the years to come, fitting the exterior of the outpost with parking spots for a new generation of crew vehicles flying astronauts to the ISS, as per the plans of companies such as SpaceX and Boeing. Whitson commented on her achievement via social media accounts. “It is one of those rides that you hope never ends. I am so grateful for all those who helped me on each of my missions! #LifeInSpace” she wrote on Twitter. NASA encouraged supporters to cheer on the astronaut with the hashtag #CongratsPeggy. Request Reprint or Submit Correction Join the Discussion Most Read Most Read Related Stories Raise a Sign if You Love Science Russian Robot Shoots Guns, Travels to Space NASA Spots Huge New Crack on Greenland Glacier © 2017 Newsweek LLC Sign up For The Newsletter About Us Corrections Contact Us IBT Media Careers Advertise Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Archive Recent Issues Subscribe April 21 Issue Can James Comey Escape the Clinton Email Debacle? Can James Comey Untangle the Trump-Russia Allegations? Can Ukraine Win Over Pro-Russian Citizens in the East? April 14 Issue How Harvard Flunked Economics Meet the Billionaires Who Run Trump's Government Developing 'Smart' Skin That Can Feel, Stretch and Heal March 31 Issue A New Trauma Therapy for Treating the 'Untreatable' The Trump Administration's War on Nerds Lawrence Phillips, the NFL’s Tragic Icon March 24 Issue Photos: Choking Down the Air in Delhi Visual Artist Julian Opie Is Heading East The New Alamo Browse Archives
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Military Radar Market – Technological breakthroughs, Value chain and stakeholder analysis by 2024 Global Military Radar Market: Snapshot Radar systems are crucial in the detection of bombs and landmines that are not visible to the naked eye. One of the key products in high demand within the global military radar market are lightweight radars due to their immense potential in domestic defense. Additionally, the global military radar market is currently being driven heavily by an increase in spending by countries to beef up their border and domestic defenses. Several current affairs in the world regarding civil unrest and terrorism are prompting multiple countries to amplify their defensive arrays, of which military radars form an irreplaceable component. However, the growing number of wind turbines being implemented in the world are a key hindrance to the use of military radars, as the movement of turbine blades can significantly degrade radar reception. Browse Market Research Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/military-radar-market…. The global military radar market is expected to reach US$9.36 bn by the end of 2024. It is projected at a CAGR of 2.4% within a forecast period from 2016 to 2024, in terms of revenue. By the end of 2016, the global military radar market is expected to reach US$7.78 bn. North America to Continue Leading Demand for Military Radars Geographically, the global military radar market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Latin America, and the MEA region. In 2015, North America held the leading share in the global military radar market. This region holds the leading volume of defense related sanctions, boosting the overall demand for radar in national defense forces. The U.S. has one of the most powerful military forces in the world and is a key contributor to the revenue generation within the global military radar market. Both the U.S. and Canada have invested significantly in the radar technology and are likely to continue doing so over the next few years. North America was followed by Asia Pacific in terms of geographical share in value in the global military radar market, for 2015. The growth in this region is owed to the booming volume of defense activities carried out by nations such as China, India, South Korea, and Japan. APAC nations are currently facing serious issues on the infiltration front which is the key reason for the high defense budget allocations in the region. The global military radar market is thus consistently supported by the substantial purchases of military radar systems made by the emerging nations. Enter your information below to receive a sample copy of this report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Airborne Military Radars Continue to be in High Demand The global military radar market is segmented into ground-based, naval, airborne, and space-based radars on the basis of types. Out these, the global military radar market was led by the airborne military radars segment in 2015. The segment was valued at US$2.34 bn in 2015 which was the dominant share in the global military radar market at the time. The high demand for airborne military radars is expected to continue growing owing to the increasing risks of air strikes and airborne terrorist infiltration. The segment is likely to continue on a high rate of pioneering research and development activities and innovative approaches. The leading players in the global military radar market till 2015 included Lockheed Martin Corporation, Raytheon Company, The Boeing Company, Northrop Grumman Corporation, BAE System PLC, Saab Sensis Corporation, Harris Corporation, ASELSAN A.S., Terma A/S, DRS Technologies Inc. About TMR TMR is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact TMR 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Commercial Avionics Systems Market 2017 PREVIEW: What’s trending hot, and what’s not Next PostNext Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Market: The Realisation of a New Market Opportunity? Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Military Radar Market – Technological breakthroughs, Value chain and stakeholder analysis by 2024 Global Military Radar Market: Snapshot Radar systems are crucial in the detection of bombs and landmines that are not visible to the naked eye. One of the key products in high demand within the global military radar market are lightweight radars due to their immense potential in domestic defense. Additionally, the global military radar market is currently being driven heavily by an increase in spending by countries to beef up their border and domestic defenses. Several current affairs in the world regarding civil unrest and terrorism are prompting multiple countries to amplify their defensive arrays, of which military radars form an irreplaceable component. However, the growing number of wind turbines being implemented in the world are a key hindrance to the use of military radars, as the movement of turbine blades can significantly degrade radar reception. Browse Market Research Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/military-radar-market…. The global military radar market is expected to reach US$9.36 bn by the end of 2024. It is projected at a CAGR of 2.4% within a forecast period from 2016 to 2024, in terms of revenue. By the end of 2016, the global military radar market is expected to reach US$7.78 bn. North America to Continue Leading Demand for Military Radars Geographically, the global military radar market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Latin America, and the MEA region. In 2015, North America held the leading share in the global military radar market. This region holds the leading volume of defense related sanctions, boosting the overall demand for radar in national defense forces. The U.S. has one of the most powerful military forces in the world and is a key contributor to the revenue generation within the global military radar market. Both the U.S. and Canada have invested significantly in the radar technology and are likely to continue doing so over the next few years. North America was followed by Asia Pacific in terms of geographical share in value in the global military radar market, for 2015. The growth in this region is owed to the booming volume of defense activities carried out by nations such as China, India, South Korea, and Japan. APAC nations are currently facing serious issues on the infiltration front which is the key reason for the high defense budget allocations in the region. The global military radar market is thus consistently supported by the substantial purchases of military radar systems made by the emerging nations. Enter your information below to receive a sample copy of this report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Airborne Military Radars Continue to be in High Demand The global military radar market is segmented into ground-based, naval, airborne, and space-based radars on the basis of types. Out these, the global military radar market was led by the airborne military radars segment in 2015. The segment was valued at US$2.34 bn in 2015 which was the dominant share in the global military radar market at the time. The high demand for airborne military radars is expected to continue growing owing to the increasing risks of air strikes and airborne terrorist infiltration. The segment is likely to continue on a high rate of pioneering research and development activities and innovative approaches. The leading players in the global military radar market till 2015 included Lockheed Martin Corporation, Raytheon Company, The Boeing Company, Northrop Grumman Corporation, BAE System PLC, Saab Sensis Corporation, Harris Corporation, ASELSAN A.S., Terma A/S, DRS Technologies Inc. About TMR TMR is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact TMR 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Commercial Avionics Systems Market 2017 PREVIEW: What’s trending hot, and what’s not Next PostNext Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Market: The Realisation of a New Market Opportunity? Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
