  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside China's 'richest village': Mystery Socialist town where everyone has '$124K in the bank' - but if you leave, you lose it all Trump appoints immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions as attorney general and House Benghazi committee member Mike Pompeo as CIA director National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Desperate search under way for missing week-old baby after her mother is found shot dead in Kansas EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist who adds the lyric has nothing to do with romance - but Solange's elevator attack on Jay-Z was 'straight up' over another woman Is swearing a sign of intelligence? People who curse have a larger vocabulary than those who don't Busted! Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is caught by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in photo Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out Reporter for Houston television station fired for pro-Trump and anti-Obama Facebook posts 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from events dessert company after she failed to answer their calls Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or early starts) Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald for meeting with Japanese Prime Minister draw criticism Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's shock election win Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow justices inventing 'newly discovered rights' Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Keep calm but CARRY ON: President Obama encourages Trump protesters and ignores Republicans' pleas to put an end to week of chaos Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and Michelle' 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Meet the one person in America who doesn't know the election result: Georgia man has avoided finding out who the next President is for ten days  Barack offends the Brits: Obama visits Europe for the last time - but irks with decision to go to BERLIN and UK Prime Minister Theresa May has to make do with a 'brush by' instead of proper meeting  Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower Previous Next Britain's blingiest couple: When they moored their £225m yacht on the Thames last week jaws hit the floor. But for a Russian oligarch and his wife, who sleep with Monets by their bed, that's just an ordinary day  When their £225 million superyacht cruised into London, Tower Bridge had to be raised to let it through But when it comes to the extraordinarily lavish lifestyle, the floating palace is just the tip of the iceberg Russian owners Andrey Melnichenko and his glamorous wife Aleksandra boast an £8.5billion fortune    By Beth Hale for the Daily Mail Published: 18:16 EST, 12 September 2016 | Updated: 12:09 EST, 13 September 2016 e-mail 1.5k shares 1.2k View comments When their £225 million superyacht cruised into London last week, Tower Bridge had to be raised to let it through.  But when it comes to the extraordinarily lavish lifestyle of owners Andrey Melnichenko and his glamorous wife Aleksandra, the floating palace is just the tip of the iceberg.  Boasting an £8.5 billion fortune, the couple are not shy about splashing their cash in the most extravagant ways. Bombproof yacht and flash jet  Like any billionaire worth his salt, Andrey Melnichenko is the proud owner of a superyacht. Creatively named ‘Motor Yacht A’, the boat which sailed into London was created by legendary French designer Philippe Starck. It’s 390ft long, weighs 5,959 tons and has 1.7in thick bomb-proof windows — not to mention a helipad on the sixth deck (there are eight decks in total) and a disco with glass ceiling, which looks up into the swimming pool on the deck above. But this isn’t the 44-year-old industrialist’s only luxury vessel. Fresh out of the docks and set for official launch this year, their new yacht is, at 468ft long, the world’s ninth longest, has three masts (the largest ever made) that are taller than Big Ben’s tower — and reportedly cost £313 million. When their £225 million superyacht cruised into London last week, Tower Bridge had to be raised to let it through. Andrey Melnichenko and his glamorous wife Aleksandra's yatch (pictured with Aleksandra) is 390ft long and weighs 5,959 tons Another Starck design, it features the largest piece of curved glass ever made — 193sq ft — which runs along one stretch of deck, in lieu of railings. There is even said to be an observation pod at the bottom, so the sailing couple can enjoy stunning views of the sea. There are, of course, occasions, when billionaires just want to get from A to B. For these they have a Boeing Business jet, registration M-YBBJ, stamped with their personal logo — a capital A representing both their names, surrounded by stencilled foliage — which is said to be emblazoned on everything including the couple’s stationery and napkins. The Boeing 737 would set buyers back in the region of £42 million, and that’s without all the interior decoration that the discerning billionaire requires. When they’re on terra firma, Andrey was a fan of a sleek, reliable £200k Bentley. more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Seabed 'lifts' out of the water following NZ earthquake Watch video Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Watch video Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Watch video New Zealand earthquake transforms road into cliff Watch video Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Watch video Shocking moment police officer brutally punches woman in face Watch video Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic Watch video Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Watch video Baltimore teacher calls black 8th graders 'punk a-- n----s' Watch video Steven Mnuchin: 'A lot of exciting things in the first hundred days' Watch video NYPD has person of interest in custody for Joey Comunale's murder Watch video Shelley Duvall: Robin Williams isn't dead, he's a shapeshifter A palace near the Queen's   They love to jet around the globe, but even billionaires need somewhere to call home, and Andrey and Aleksandra have a dazzling property portfolio to choose from. In London, the tycoon once snapped up a Berkeley Square apartment from property developer Christian Candy for £2.9 million in 2002, although he no longer owns it. But that’s a mere pied-a-terre compared with the couple’s 35-acre Ascot estate, a short chauffeur-driven hop from the Queen at Windsor, which has been valued at £24 million. It has formal gardens, parkland and forest, a separate building housing a spa and swimming pool and another for staff accommodation. Just outside London, the tycoon also owns an estimated £24 million estate near Ascot set over 35 manicured-acres - which is within driving distance of Windsor Castle, the Queen's preferred residence when in the south  The three-storey property was originally home to Middle Eastern royalty and had 20 bedrooms and 20 living rooms. But the Melnichenkos thought everything was a little tired, and quickly renovated it. Restyled by French interior designer Jacques Garcia, it is decorated with antique black and white marble floors and 18th-century French furnishings. Aleksandra — who likes to be known as Sandra — supervises the interior design of all her properties. In Moscow, the couple — who have a four-year-old daughter — are believed to own a home in a settlement just outside the city, where neighbours include several former Russian officials. THE GLOBE-TROTTING POOCH CALLED VALA  Purebred Maltese Vala who travels with the family on the yacht  Purebred Maltese Vala was a Valentine’s Day gift from husband to wife and is possibly the best-travelled pooch on the planet. The much-loved pet accompanied the couple — who have a four-year-old daughter — to more than 40 countries.  When they visited New Zealand they forked out an undisclosed sum so that Vala could stay on board his superyacht, in lieu of quarantine. Andrey owns a £9 million 2,800 sqft duplex penthouse overlooking Central Park in New York, which he is said to have paid for in cash. Then there is the obligatory villa in the South of France — in their case in the aptly named Billionaire’s Bay, Cap d’Antibes, where a property won’t leave you much change from £100 million. Neighbours include fellow Russian Roman Abramovich, as well as the Heineken family. Priceless art in every room   The £225 million maiden voyage of his superyacht was reportedly to southern Norway to ‘pick up’ three Monets. Aleksandra is said to sleep next to two enormous works from the artist’s Water Lilies series and is a fan of the French impressionists. All the couple’s homes — floating and otherwise — are decorated with artwork worthy of the best galleries. Indeed, they have loaned some of their collection to museums. When Russian Vogue visited the Ascot estate back in 2011, they found a marble hallway lined with sculptures by 18th-century artist Jean-Baptiste Pigalle, works by contemporary artist Marc Quinn (he is also responsible for a giant orchid sculpture in the garden) along with two canvases from 20th-century Italian Lucio Fontana’s white series. The walls of the living room and library were bedecked with 18th and 19th-century art, inspired by the Frick Collection — a U.S institution known for its array of Old Masters and European sculpture and decorative arts. Another living room is decorated with lithographs made by order of Napoleon. ‘We buy what we like. Favourite works are exhibited in the rooms which we visit more often,’ said Aleksandra. Rise of 'Serbian Angelina Jolie'  Aleksandra started her modelling career in Serbia when she was 15. At 17 she became a member of girl band Models, Serbia’s answers to the Spice Girls. One Models hit was called Money, Money with the lyrics: ‘Money money money I love only money . . .’ Her Serbian father was an architect and Croatian mother an artist. She started school at the Mathematical High School, in Belgrade, and later studied at the city’s Faculty of International Management. Multi-lingual, she speaks English, Spanish and Italian as well as Serbian and Russian and has been nicknamed the Serbian Angelina Jolie. Stars sang at the £3m wedding   The couple met in the South of France when Aleksandra was 28, and Andrey 33 and married there two years later in a £3million, three-day extravaganza. Whitney Houston, Christina Aguilera and Enrique Iglesias were flown in to perform at the celebration, at an estimated cost of £1million. A replica of an ancient Russian chapel was erected for their wedding ceremony and jets and rooms in a five-star hotel were booked for 300 guests. The couple met in the South of France when Aleksandra was 28, and Andrey 33 and married there two years later in a £3million, three-day extravaganza  The bride wore a stunning strapless Vera Wang number, food was prepared by the renowned chef Alain Ducasse and the couple went off to honeymoon on the Red Sea. Socialising with celebrities For a scrupulously private billionaire — he hates the term oligarch — it seems only appropriate that among Andrey’s wealthy friends is that other intensely private billionaire Roman Abramovich. As a couple, the Melnichenko’s love to entertain. Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher (before their split) were guests on Motor Yacht A for one particular New Year’s celebration in glossy St Bart’s. Other celebrity pals include a string of fashion designers and Eva Cavalli, wife of Italian designer Roberto Cavalli. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The no-expenses-spared summer holiday: From 40 crew to more... Back to school... on private jets! Summer's over for the... Yacht a treat! Piers Morgan and his sons discover their... Share this article Share The couple also move in similar circles to Prince Andrew, and Aleksandra has been pictured with both his ex-girlfriend Caroline Stanbury and his friend Goga Ashkenazi, the Kazhak billionaire who is said to have brokered a controversial deal to sell his Sunningdale mansion for £15million. For her 38th birthday earlier this year Aleksandra celebrated in Las Vegas (flying in on her private jet) with female friends including Demi Moore and Caroline Stanbury. The night ended at a show by Australian male strip act — Thunder from Down Under. J-Lo was £1m party act  Since their wedding in 2005, they have hosted a string of glossy parties, with a list of star performers that would fill a festival line-up. ‘The boat [Motor Yacht A] is perfect for parties, and we are always looking forward to the next one,’ Aleksandra told Harper’s Bazaar. It was the setting for a party to mark the couple’s third wedding anniversary in 2008, with music courtesy of Lenny Kravitz. Three years later rapper Snoop Dogg entertained partygoers in a specially built mirrored disco room while Aleksandra partied in an open-backed Azzedine Alaia dress – she changed for the evening from a lime green Givenchy mermaid gown. Aleksandra started her modelling career in Serbia when she was 15 For his wife’s 30th birthday, Andrey spent £1 million flying Jennifer Lopez from the U.S to perform at his Ascot estate — £600,000 for the performance and a further £400,000 to put her entourage up in top hotels. And last year singers Cher and Kylie Minogue are understood to have performed at a party in glitzy St Moritz, Switzerland to mark the couple’s 10th wedding anniversary. Can’t Get You Out of My Head, Love At First Sight and Wow were on the couple’s set list. Fabulous wardrobe  ‘Three hundred days a year I wear jeans and a white T-shirt,’ Aleksandra Melnichenko once claimed. But she more than makes up for it on the other 65 days of the year. The former model’s first high-fashion indulgence was an emerald green Versace number for her school prom when she was 14. On her 30th birthday, she wore a Japanese-inspired Dior by John Galliano gown that weighed more than 80 lb. Hardly surprising then that she says her personal style is either minimalist or ‘totally over-the-top’.Her wardrobe is packed with pieces by Azzedine Alaia (he calls her one of his ‘daughters’), she loves Givenchy and Lacroix and is a regular at the annual couture shows. She considers herself something of a couture curator and readily admits to purchasing clothing that she will never wear, but simply wants to include in her collection. ‘Fashion is the most accessible art form,’ she says, ‘and it gives us the possibility to create our own art by wearing it.’ Multi-million law suits   There's nothing like a bit of super-rich litigation. Andrey complained that the finish on the paintwork of Motor Yacht A looked cloudy and that paint appeared to be running and sued Azko Nobel, the owner of Dulux, for £62 million, claiming he had to redecorate at a cost of £15 million, as well as fork out £2.5 million a month for a replacement vessel. The case is understood to have been settled out of court. In 2013 they sued over a £423,000 sculpture by Polish artist Igor Mitoraj, claiming it was almost half the height of the promised 7ft. The case against the dealer who sold them the work was settled, according to legal documents. Earlier this year Aleksandra filed a lawsuit against the board of her Central Park home, alleging defects in the building’s roof, façade, windows and terrace doors that caused water damage in her penthouse. Small army of minions   Maintaining a billionaire lifestyle wouldn’t be possible without an army of helpers. Their yacht has a crew of 37 including chefs, deckhands, engineers, and a special team to take care of watersports — all wear Starck-designed uniforms. Their new sailing yacht is expected to have an even larger crew of 54. On land, the Ascot estate alone employs four housekeepers, two house managers, three security guards and 14 gardening staff, according to a 2008 building permit. And that isn’t counting the minions who tend to Aleksandra’s glamorous looks. Share or comment on this article e-mail 1.5k shares "Britain's blingiest couple" neither are British, f... by Dogging__UK 2286 Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Peruvian government makes first contact with isolated tribe Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... Mother, father and their two daughters aged five and 18... Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● More top stories SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Innovation NASA Boeing and Nasa testing subsonic Blended Wing Body to make planes super-efficient After 20 years of research, Boeing and Nasa are getting closer and want to use the approach for X-Planes. By Mary-Ann Russon September 12, 2016 18:40 BST Boeing and Nasa have high hopes of being able to commercialise a super-efficient subsonic aircraft featuring blended wing body technology within the next decadeBoeing Aerospace manufacturer Boeing and Nasa are currently testing a plane model featuring an advanced concept called Blended Wing Body (BWB), in the hopes of being able to make conventional subsonic aircraft much more efficient within the next 10 years. The BWB concept is revolutionary because it features a triangular tailless design – similar to a stingray, that smoothly merges the plane's wings into its body – which is a huge departure from the conventional tube and wing design that commercial airliners use today. Aerospace engineers have been theorising about fixed-wing BWB planes since the 1990s, because the shape of the plane should enable it to be ultra-efficient in the air because it can generate a greater amount of "lift", which is the force a plane generates as it moves through the air, perpendicular to the oncoming air flow direction. In theory, a BWB plane should have a much greater lift-to-drag ratio than a conventional aircraft, and lift reduces the size and drag of the wings, which reduces the amount of fuel needed to propel the plane forwards. Boeing wants to use BWB to build super-efficient subsonic planes that would initially be used by the military and for refuelling other aircraft in mid-air, and to this end has been experimenting since 1997 with various iterations of a full-scale unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) called Boeing X-48 that features BWB characteristics. The latest tests by Boeing and Nasa at the Nasa Langley Research Center use a BWB aircraft model that is only 6% scale with a 13ft wingspan, as the researchers are trying to prove how well the BWB concept works by testing the model in a 14 by 22ft subsonic wind tunnel with a technique called particle imagery velocimetry (PIV), whereby the researchers map airflow over the aeroplane using lasers and smoke. Eventually, Nasa and Boeing want to create a manned prototype aircraft and they think the technology can be commercialised by 2030 to be used by the US Air Force. "We believe our body of work, both in design, test and engineering, is technically superior when compared to other designs in the marketplace," said Boeing's vice president for aeromechanics technology Naveed Hussain. "The BWB is showing great potential to offer structural, aerodynamic and operating efficiencies as well as the capability to be more fuel efficient and quieter over more traditional aircraft designs." Read more about airplane innovations on IBTimes UK: Super-fast flights: Are supersonic jets commercially viable? Russia building hypersonic stealth bomber than can launch nuclear bombs from space Did China perform a successful Mach 5 hypersonic aircraft test flight? Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Black Friday: A quick history Columnists Laura Bates “Hillary Clinton had an inspiring message - but would you look at her make-up! READ MORE Canadian armed forces recruitment website hacked The cyberattack is currently being investigated but authorities reportedly unsure of hackers' identity. AOL to lay off 500 employees while shifting focus to mobile CEO Tim Armstrong said the cuts are not related to the ongoing discussion with Yahoo over integration of the companies. Pokemon Sun and Moon starter guide: Best pick from Rowlet, Popplio or Litten for easy Alolan Trials Beginner's guide to the strongest starter monsters in latest Pokemon games on Nintendo 3DS. Google backtracks after banning 200 users for trying to resell Pixel smartphones Google suspended multiple users for buying Pixel phones and reselling them to a dealer in New Hampshire. TfL to track London Underground users via their mobile phones TfL will use MAC addresses to learn how passengers move around its network. Argos Black Friday 2016: The 7 best deals and biggest discounts on technology and electricals With Black Friday deals launching, IBTimes UK looks at the biggest savings so far. The most exciting new cars on show at the 2016 LA Auto Show IBTimes UK takes a look at the new cars and trends at the Los Angeles Auto Show, which opens to the public on Friday 18... Pokemon Sun and Moon reportedly set for Nintendo Switch release under codename Pokemon Stars Pokemon Stars may include new Pokémon and features. iPhone sends call logs to Apple servers even when iCloud backup is switched off claims Elcomsoft The company claims that the logs are stored for up to four months. South Korea rejects Google request to use local data for its maps service A South Korean official said Google could export local data for its maps service if it deletes security facilities. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
  Subscribe! | Login | Search Aerospace and Defense Catch Up on RFID For years, adoption in these sectors was limited. But now, requirements by Airbus, Boeing and the U.S. Department of Defense have led suppliers to deploy the technology. By Mark Roberti Tags: Aerospace, Asset Tracking, Defense, Manufacturing, Sensors, Supply Chain PDFEmailPrintDefinitionsSave Article Sep 12, 2016— I'm not sure if it's just the positive news articles that have been written about radio frequency identification, or a natural process of evolution, but it's clear to me that aerospace and defense companies that had previously been simply complying with requests from customers—namely, Airbus, Boeing and the U.S. Department of Defense (DOD)—by tagging shipments or parts are now beginning to use the technology for their own benefits. And this is the reason we are holding an RFID in Aerospace and Defense event in Long Beach, Calif., on Oct. 20 (with RFID certification training taking place on Oct. 19). BAE Systems is a good example of a company that has gone beyond tagging for customers and is using the technology to achieve internal benefits. BAE's Electronic Systems division, which supplies mission-critical electronic systems, including flight and engine controls, surveillance and reconnaissance sensors, and power- and energy-management systems, to commercial and defense companies, is using RFID to automate the tracking of tools and equipment. This reduces search times, streamlines equipment maintenance and improves equipment utilization. Joshua Landry, the company's program-engineering manager, will be speaking at the event. Orbital ATK is another company using RFID for its own benefit. Its Aircraft Commercial Center of Excellence (ACCE) manufactures composite structures for the Airbus A350 XWB and Boeing 787 Dreamliner programs. The ACCE has created a "visual factory," in which each step of the composite-manufacturing process is monitored automatically, from raw material receipt through component production and eventual shipment to customers (see ATK Tracks Composite Airc). Jim Morgan, who helped set up the system for Orbital ATK, will speak at RFID in Aerospace and Defense to explain why RFID is a critical enabler for ramping up production for the company's original equipment manufacturer (OEM) contracts. It's not just suppliers to Airbus, Boeing and the DOD that are taking advantage of RFID. Because planes are now being delivered with tags on some parts, customers are beginning to employ the technology as well. Delta Air Lines, which operates more than 5,000 flights daily across an extensive domestic and international network, is using RFID in its maintenance operations, tagging onboard aircraft equipment that must be managed for both presence and expiration date (see RFID Reduces Oxygen-Generator Waste for Delta Air Lines). New aircraft come with tagged items, and Delta has installed more than 240,000 RFID tags on oxygen generators, life vests and cabin emergency equipment on all of its existing owned and leased aircraft. As a result, the airline can now check the expiration dates on oxygen generators aboard a 757 in less than two minutes, compared to approximately eight man-hours without RFID. Rick Lewis, a business analyst for aircraft maintenance at Delta, will speak at the event, explaining how this saves Delta money and helps it plan more effectively. In addition to learning from these speakers and hearing other great case studies, event attendees will be able to meet the RFID companies that have developed solutions specifically designed for the aerospace and defense sectors. I hope to see you at the event on Oct. 20 in Long Beach. Mark Roberti is the founder and editor of RFID Journal. If you would like to comment on this article, click on the link below. To read more of Mark's opinions, visit the RFID Journal Blog, the Editor's Note archive or RFID Connect. Previous Page 1 Next Page Login and post your comment!LoginRegister Now Not a member? Signup for an account now to access all of the features of RFIDJournal.com! Related Content News Cubic Global Tracking Gets Approval for RF Sensors on Planes At RFID Journal LIVE! 2010, Leading RFID Technology Companies to Share Lessons Learned DOD Redoubles Its Efforts to Lower Costs Via RFID Opinions DOD's RFID Efforts Are Winning the War on Inefficiencies RFID Journal LIVE! Delivers Value, Guaranteed Still Crazy After All These Years Case Studies The Ongoing War Against Inefficiencies 10 Presentations From RFID Journal LIVE! 2009 Lufthansa Technik Automates Supply Management Features RFID in Defense and Security 2011 Report Reflections From RFID Leaders RFID Journal LIVE! Europe—UK Report About Terms of Use Advertise Privacy Contact Support © Copyright 2002-2016 RFID Journal LLC. Powered By: Haycco RFID JOURNAL ESPAÑOL RFID Journal Brasil RFID Journal Events RFID Journal Awards RFID Connect IOT Journal Enter your search here ARTICLES News Stories Editor's Notes Expert Views Get Started Free Case Studies Blogs Ask the Experts Marketing Blog INDUSTRIES ► Aerospace Agriculture/Livestock Apparel Automotive Chemical Consumer Packaged Goods Defense Health Care Labeling Logistics Manufacturing Medical Devices Packaging Pharmaceutical Retail Transport TOPICS ► Anti-counterfeiting Asset Tracking Embedded RFID Employee_Tracking Environment EPC Technology Harsh Environments Innovation Internet of Things Inventory / Warehouse Management IT/Infrastructure Operations Payment Systems Privacy RFID Channel RTLS Security and Access Control Sensors Smart Products Smart_Products Standards Supply Chain Visibility PREMIUM CONTENT Case Studies How-to Guides Best Practices Feature Stories Magazine Archive RFID RFPs SUBSCRIBE EVENTS Face-to-Face Events Webinars Virtual Events COMMUNITY Discussions Career Center RFID Connect Facebook LinkedIn Twitter YouTube TOOLS & RESOURCES RFID Videos Site Tour New: Recorded Case Studies Glossary FAQs Research Reports Newsletter Archive White Papers Store RFID Essentials Training RFID Marketing Services RFID Map RFID Toolbar News Feeds News Widget Desktop Version
null
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Real Estate Retail Automotive Economy Small Business Healthcare OC Leaders Status Update Tourism More Over 8 days and all over California, thousands of first responders prepare for the Big One Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County Court approves release of O.C. jail deputies' notes Abused as a kid, Alex Jaso is trying to save the home that saved him Boermeester family went from UCLA fans to getting their kicks for USC Mike Fafaul and his long, improbable journey to UCLA Angels' Mike Trout wins 2016 American League MVP Ryan Kesler's hot hand lifts Ducks over Devils, 3-2 Post-election rate spike will reverse course Tustin home designed by Cliff May, 'father of the California ranch house,' snatched up in 10 days Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County Classic cars up for sale at Mecum Auction through Saturday Bruce Cameron's 'A Dog's Purpose' is the new Register Book Club selection Things to do in Orange County Nov. 18-19 How 'Fantastic Beasts' takes Eddie Redmayne to a time before Harry Potter Meet the characters and beasts of 'Fantastic Beasts' Top news Business Biz briefly: Boeing donates supplies to Los Al Unified; new director at CHOC heart institute Sept. 12, 2016 Updated Sept. 14, 2016 12:19 p.m. 1 of 7 Melissa Miller, Los Al Unified director of Safety and Student Services, left to right, Carrie Logue, LAEF executive director, and German Guevara with Boeing, help unload the school supplies donated by the company. LOS ALAMITOS EDUCATION FOUNDATION 1 of 7 Children's Hospital of Orange County has named Ryan Hansen as its new director of its heart institute. 1 of 7 Allen Boerner, president and chief executive of Granite Investment Group has joined the board of directors at the Boy Scouts of America, Orange County Council. 1 of 7 Bob Olson, the founder of R.D. Olson Development has joined the board of the Boy Scouts of America, Orange County Council COURTESY OF THE BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICAN, ORANGE COUNTY COUNCIL 1 of 7 Hayes Drumwright, CEO of Irvine-based POPin, has published his first book with Apress, Management vs. Employees: How Leaders Can Bridge the Power Gaps That Hurt Corporate Performance. 1 of 7 Rob Friedman, chairman and co-founder of Auction.com, has joined the board of directors with the Boy Scouts of America Orange County Council 1 of 7 Jeffrey Bucher has joined Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group as managing director and head of Transaction Banking Sales for the regional bank. Bucher, based in the bank's Irvine office, is responsible for developing the transaction banking business, which covers retail banking, wealth markets, business banking, commercial banking, real estate industries, and more. WALLIS PHOTO LLC , WALLIS PHOTO LLC View slideshow Melissa Miller, Los Al Unified director of Safety and Student Services, left to right, Carrie Logue, LAEF executive director, and German Guevara with Boeing, help unload the school supplies donated by the company. LOS ALAMITOS EDUCATION FOUNDATION By FROM STAFF REPORTS Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF GOOD WORKS: Boeing employees at the Seal Beach facility recently donated backpacks and school supplies to students in the Los Alamitos Unified School District. The donation drive for supplies was held July 27. The district received over 40 backpacks and packages of school supplies from Boeing. Employees also donated $250 for more supplies for families in need. Boeing matched the donation, growing it to $500. PEOPLE ON THE MOVE Children’s Hospital of Orange County has named Ryan Hansen as new director of its heart institute. Formerly of Texas-based Memorial Hermann Health System, Hansen has spent his career working in cardiovascular care. At CHOC, he will work with doctors and administrators to bring innovation and new technologies to the institute. Hansen has an MBA and master’s of health administration. The Boy Scouts of America, Orange County Council has added three members to its board: Allen Boerner, president and chief executive of Granite Investment Group; Bob Olson, founder of R.D. Olson Development; and Rob Friedman, chairman and co-founder of Auction.com. William F. Meehan has been elected to managing partner of Rutan & Tucker, a Costa Mesa-based law firm. He succeeds Layne H. Melzer who was recently appointed by Gov. Jerry Brown to a judgeship in Orange County Superior Court. Meehan, who is a partner in the firm, is 43 and becomes the youngest-serving firm-wide managing partner for any AmLaw 200 law firm. Jeffrey Bucher has joined Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group as managing director and head of transaction banking sales for the regional bank. Bucher, based in the bank’s Irvine office, is responsible for developing the transaction banking business, which covers retail banking, wealth markets, business banking, commercial banking, real estate industries and more. Lori Ybarra Ohls has returned to KidWorks, a Santa Ana-based nonprofit that helps at-risk children, teens and families, as director of development. Two decades ago, she was one of KidWorks’ first interns, along with current Executive Director David Benavides. Both served six-week internships before KidWorks opened its first after-school program in a small apartment in central Santa Ana. She later became director of after-school programs for the nonprofit. Before her return to KidWorks, she was associate director of donor relations and communication with the American Red Cross in Orange County. Rich Howard with MHM (Mayer Hoffman McCann PC) has been re-elected to a two-year term to represent the North America region on the Kreston International board of directors. Kreston is a global accounting network in which MHM is a member. Howard, who works from the firm’s Irvine office, has been with the company since 2002. He also serves as West region attest practice leader, overseeing the operations of the audit practices in California, Arizona, Colorado and Utah. NEW VENTURES Alliant Insurance Services in Newport Beach has acquired Spokane, Wash.-based Farmin, Rothrock & Parrott, an insurance brokerage, as part of its ongoing acquisition campaign in the Northwest. Terms were not disclosed. This marks Alliant’s fifth acquisition in the Northwest since 2014 as the company continues to grow its middle-market division. FRP was founded in 1922 and provides commercial and personal insurance solutions to clients in Washington, Oregon, Idaho and Montana. Alliant, which dates to 1925, provides property and casualty, workers’ compensation, employee benefits, surety, and financial products and services to more than 26,000 clients nationwide. In 2015, Alliant acquired Australian-based QBE’s U.S.-based specialty agencies for roughly $300 million. Taxpayers in need of service at the Laguna Niguel IRS office will now need to call to schedule an appointment. Residents requiring assistance should call 1-844-545-5640 to schedule an appointment at the Taxpayer Assistance Center at 24000 Avila Road. The IRS is moving to an appointment service at this office as part of an ongoing effort to eliminate lines and reduce frustration for taxpayers and for IRS employees who assist them. NEW BOOK Hayes Drumwright, CEO of Irvine-based POPin, has published his first book with Apress, “Management vs. Employees: How Leaders Can Bridge the Power Gaps That Hurt Corporate Performance.” The book explores how to address the typical divide between management and the employees they lead. In addition to founding POPin, Drumwright also launched Trace 3, a tech consulting firm in Irvine with more than $500 million in annual revenue; InstantScale, a venture capital firm in Los Angeles; and Memento Mori, a Napa Valley winery. COMING UP SHRED EVENT: Residents of Mission Viejo can destroy their sensitive documents in a free drive-through shredding event from 8 a.m. to noon Saturday. The shred event will be held at Mission Viejo High School parking lot at 25025 Chrisanta Drive. City residents and businesses can bring up to 10 legal-size boxes of paper records – canceled checks, pay stubs, credit card statements and more – for immediate shredding by Orange County Shredding. The boxes may contain staples and paper clips but must be free of notebooks or other bindings. For more information, call 949-470-8433 or e-mail crimeprevention@cityofmissionviejo.org. JOBS FAIR: 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Sept. 22 at the Main Place Christian Fellowship Church in Orange. Military veterans, employed workers looking for new career opportunities and those who are presently unemployed will have the opportunity to network and interview with participating employers at the church at 1310 E. Lincoln Ave. Attendees should dress in business attire and come equipped with resumes. Positions include jobs in accounting, administration, clerical, customer service, education, financial services, health care, nursing, law enforcement, management, manufacturing, nonprofit, sales and transportation. The job fair will also feature various employment resources and higher educational opportunities. Send executive promotions, new business ventures, milestones and good works to Business Editor Samantha Gowen at sgowen@ocregister.com. Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular O.C. Sheriff's Department searching for 2 in suspected auto, check scam Veteran who died at Doheny gets 'dignified end' after friends, strangers put together det A woman was found dead Huntington Beach in 1968. Who was this Jane Doe? Taxi driver gets year in jail for Newport Beach hit-run Over 8 days and all over California, thousands of first responders prepare for the Big On User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Over 8 days and all over California, thousands of first responders prepare for the Big One Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County Court approves release of O.C. jail deputies' notes Abused as a kid, Alex Jaso is trying to save the home that saved him Boermeester family went from UCLA fans to getting their kicks for USC Mike Fafaul and his long, improbable journey to UCLA Angels' Mike Trout wins 2016 American League MVP Ryan Kesler's hot hand lifts Ducks over Devils, 3-2 Post-election rate spike will reverse course Tustin home designed by Cliff May, 'father of the California ranch house,' snatched up in 10 days Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County Classic cars up for sale at Mecum Auction through Saturday Bruce Cameron's 'A Dog's Purpose' is the new Register Book Club selection Things to do in Orange County Nov. 18-19 How 'Fantastic Beasts' takes Eddie Redmayne to a time before Harry Potter Meet the characters and beasts of 'Fantastic Beasts' Top news Education » Early Thanksgiving feast brings students, teachers together at Irvine school Voters support school upgrade measures Playgrounds at Lake Forest Elementary to receive new flooring BUSINESS » Post-election rate spike will reverse course Tustin home designed by Cliff May, 'father of the California ranch house,' snatched up in 10 days Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County O.C. Watchdog » Sheriff wants to keep jailhouse informant notes secret State watchdog widens investigation into Supervisor Andrew Do's taxpayer-funded mailers Coin dealer jailed, but victims of his nearly $18 million scam may not get their money back Health Care » Newport Beach doctor who faked own death pleads guilty to fleeing CSUF aims to strengthen its off-campus biotechnology presence Nurse who ran Laguna Niguel day spa agrees to guilty plea to injecting Botox not approved for use in the U.S. ENTERTAINMENT » Bruce Cameron's 'A Dog's Purpose' is the new Register Book Club selection Things to do in Orange County Nov. 18-19 How 'Fantastic Beasts' takes Eddie Redmayne to a time before Harry Potter Food » Thanksgiving recipes: Sides & desserts Christmas cookies in a crunch Best Thing I Ate This Week: Salmon at Farmhouse in Roger's Gardens TELEVISION » Heather Dubrow says 'Housewives' reunions are 'brutal' Robert Vaughn, suave 'Man from U.NCL.E.' star, dies at 83 This week's TV highlights Special Sections » OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 100 Top Workplaces 2015 Featured Multimedia SLIDESHOW » Classic cars up for sale at Mecum Auction through Saturday SLIDESHOW » Tustin home designed by Cliff May, 'father of the California ranch house,' snatched up in 10 days CARTOONS » Cartoons: Draining the swamp SLIDESHOW » Meet Santa Ana Zoo's 'Dr. Dolittle' who talks to the animals LATEST RHOC VIDEO » Heather Dubrow says 'Housewives' reunions are 'brutal' VIDEO » USC's offensive line faces stiff test against UCLA's sack-happy front Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2016 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Gerald Flurry TV Key of David TV Program Trumpet Daily Program Radio Listen Live Shows The Key of David Trumpet Daily Radio Show Trumpet Hour Trumpet Radio Live Watch Jerusalem Live by Every Word Music for Life Just the Best Literature The Sun Also Rises Subscriptions Trumpet Print Edition Trumpet Weekly Report Renew Subscription Literature Account Need an account? Sign up FREE!  •  Sign in » Warning: your browser settings seem to have cookies disabled. Many features on this site require cookies to operate correctly. Warning: your browser settings seem to have JavaScript disabled. Many features on this site require JavaScript to operate correctly. With a price tag around $1.5 trillion, the F-35 is the most expensive weapons system in history. (Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images) Not Much Bang for the Buck From the July 2016 Trumpet Print Edition » America has the most expensive military in the world. That doesn’t necessarily mean it has the strongest. Here’s why. By Richard Palmer   Print Font size Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Google+ Read comments (#) Images Sidebars $6 Billion for Faulty Submarines U.S. Marine Corps Not Combat Ready Related subjects Military/Defense United States Recently featured ‘The Shaping of the World Is Part of the Christian Mission’ New Zealand Hit by Severe Earthquake Marijuana Wins Big on Election Night Migrant Gangs Rule German Streets Pope Francis’s Lutheran Reconciliation on Reformation Anniversary How safe is the United States? Could it be defeated by a foreign nation? Many would immediately answer “No.” The world’s top military spender, America accounts for over a third of global military expenditure—spending more than the next seven nations combined. But does big spending buy invincibility? America is great at throwing money at problems, from health care to education. The question is, how is that money being spent? A shocking amount of it is simply wasted. Exactly how much is unknown because the Pentagon has never been audited, but it is at least tens of billions. However, the amount of money squandered is not the most dangerous part of the story. Instead, it is what this huge waste reveals about the people in charge of America’s security. A study of this waste reveals that a casual reliance on America’s massive defense establishment is dangerously flawed. ‘The System Is Broken’ The U.S. 7th Fleet is the most powerful naval group at sea. Its 50 to 70 ships and submarines, 140 aircraft and 20,000 Navy and Marine personnel protect America’s interests in the Pacific. It was also all but hijacked by one foreign national. That man is Leonard Glenn Francis, known as “Fat Leonard.” He ran Glenn Defense Marine Asia, and used it to steal tens of millions from the U.S. Navy. gdma has supplied husbanding services to the 7th Fleet for years. When warships dock, they need fuel, supplies and maintenance; they often need towing into dock and have to pay for the parking space. gdma provided these services—at vastly inflated prices. In just five port visits in Thailand by U.S. ships, Francis overbilled the Navy $3 million for fuel alone. The worst part of the “Fat Leonard scandal,” as it is known, is how Francis evaded detection. He bribed the commander of a destroyer and the deputy logistics officer for the fleet with gifts, money and prostitutes. They passed on classified information on U.S. ship movements. They even rerouted ships to stop at ports where Francis could overcharge the Navy. Francis bribed a supervisory agent at the Naval Criminal Investigative Service, who helped thwart any investigations into his dealings. If Francis had been working for a foreign power, instead of merely for money, this could have been not only a financial disaster but also a deadly tactical one. Francis was arrested in September 2013, but the scandal’s fallout continues. Both the director of Naval Intelligence and the director of Intelligence Operations have had their access to classified material suspended. This has left America in the farcical situation where the man running the Navy’s secret operations isn’t trusted to read any secret material. In 2015, three other admirals were censured and retired. “Managing the command structure at the top of the Navy has become a nightmare since the Justice Department began the investigation,” wrote Matthew Gault, cohost of Reuters’ military podcasts. “No one knows who will stay, who will retire, and who will go to jail” (April 13, 2015). This affair is just one of several scandals the U.S. military has suffered in the past decade. “For generations the Pentagon has run the world’s mightiest armed forces with inadequate budgetary oversight. The system is broken,” Gault wrote in 2013. “Something needs to change, and it needs to change yesterday. If it doesn’t, the Fat Leonard debacle—with its self-serving commanders, misspent millions and compromised military secrets—could become the norm” (Nov. 18, 2013). Investigations and lawsuits are ongoing regarding Fat Leonard-like cases in the 5th and 6th Fleets (responsible for the Middle East and Europe). In 2013, the U.S. government began investigating three Navy intelligence officers who charged $1.6 million for silencers that should have cost $8,000. Twin sisters reportedly collected $20 million over the course of six years, largely by fraud and abusing the system, through their company, c&D Distributors, which in one case charged half a million dollars to ship three screws to marines in Iraq. This goes further than a few dodgy individuals: Giants of the U.S. defense establishment are involved. In 2003, an Air Force undersecretary overpaid Boeing for a set of tanker planes. She soon quit her job and went to Boeing, with a six-figure salary. The company had already given jobs to her daughter and her daughter’s fiancé. She pleaded guilty to corruption and was sentenced to nine months in jail. Boeing’s chief financial officer at the time also went to jail. Beyond the money wasted, what does it mean that the U.S. military’s procurement system is “broken”? What else about the military is “broken”? If “self-serving commanders” could become the norm, how else will America be harmed? ‘We’re Going About This All Wrong’ The U.S. spent a vast amount of money in Iraq and Afghanistan—the Congressional Research Service estimated $1.6 trillion. Time magazine estimated the long-term cost between $4 and $6 trillion. In these two countries, America was spending $20 billion a year just on air conditioning. That is larger than Italy’s entire defense budget for 2015. The fact that Afghanistan is sliding back toward the Taliban and Iran is taking over Iraq raises the overarching question of just what those trillions of dollars purchased. But the figures on just the straight-up waste are also huge. The bipartisan Commission on Wartime Contracting in Iraq and Afghanistan reported in 2011 that “[a]t least $31 billion, and possibly as much as $60 billion, has been lost to contract waste and fraud”—just one narrow type of waste—in Afghanistan and Iraq. One of the most notorious examples of waste was $36 million spent on a command facility in Afghanistan for 1,500 personnel that was never used. Three generals requested the project to be canceled, saying it was unnecessary, but they were overruled. When investigators looked into it, commanders told subordinates to obstruct the inquiry. There’s plenty of Fat Leonard-style corruption too. Authorities identified $1 million in overpayments for fuel in a two-month period in Afghanistan. In 2014, $45.5 million went missing from salaries meant to be paid to Afghan police. Besides the money spent directly on the invasion, the U.S. poured $100 billion into reconstructing Afghanistan. That’s more than America spent on the Marshall Plan to rebuild Western Europe after World War ii. Propublica estimated that $17 billion of that was wasted. This includes a base that was never used, roads that quickly fell apart, and payments to nonexistent soldiers. Half a billion dollars went to cargo planes that were hardly used and then scrapped; $8 billion was spent on combating the drug trade, with no result. In Iraq, the U.S. spent $50 billion on reconstruction. The Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction estimated at least $8 billion of it was wasted. John F. Sopko has worked hard to expose waste of these funds as the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (sigar). In a speech last September, he talked about schools built with American money that were “literally crumbling and falling apart” and hospitals that “actually became unsafe because their electrical and water supply systems failed.” One problem was investing in projects that would have been great in America but just didn’t work in Afghanistan. The U.S. spent millions on hospitals that were too expensive for the Afghans to keep running. “This sort of thing happens in Afghanistan all the time,” he said. “You would think after 13 years of these types of occurrences, and hundreds of cases of sigar pointing these problems out, that someone would wake up, look around, and say ‘You know what, folks? Maybe we’re going about this all wrong,’” Sopko continued. He described how he had to work hard to persuade one military official not to build high-tech solar-powered lighting at bus stops. How’s that for a metaphor for Afghanistan: America’s generals want to build high-tech lighting for bus stops while the Taliban retake the country. “[A]ll I am seeing is a modus operandi that is woefully out of touch at best, and delusional at worst,” Sopko warned. “We simply must be smarter.” Again there is a hint of a deeper problem. If America’s chain of command is “delusional” about money, how effective is its decision-making in other areas? ‘Made-up Numbers’ The Defense Logistics Agency is responsible for buying and distributing food, fuel, uniform apparel, medical supplies and equipment and weapons system repair parts. The dla was recently exposed spending $7 billion on things it did not need. “How do you buy $7 billion of stuff you don’t need?” asked Maj. Gen. Arnold Punaro (Ret.), who oversees a special task force on logistics for the Pentagon. “If a company did that, they’d be out of business. Even Walmart.” Punaro said this wastage is common. “It has no sense of value or time,” he said. “No one in the Pentagon is looking for a bargain on most days. It’s a cultural thing. These are people that will ship a pallet of water on a C-17.” Waste is epidemic in the military’s central bureaucracy. Between 2003 and 2011, for example, it managed to lose track of $6 billion worth of supplies. A 2013 Reuters special report stated, “Reuters has found that the Pentagon is largely incapable of keeping track of its vast stores of weapons, ammunition and other supplies; thus it continues to spend money on new supplies it doesn’t need and on storing others long out of date. It has amassed a backlog of more than half a trillion dollars in unaudited contracts with outside vendors; how much of that money paid for actual goods and services delivered isn’t known. And it repeatedly falls prey to fraud and theft that can go undiscovered for years, often eventually detected by external law enforcement agencies” (Nov. 18, 2013). In a private company, the Department of Defense method of accounting would be illegal. “Former military service officials say record keeping at the operational level throughout the services is rife with made-up numbers to cover lost or missing information,” wrote Reuters. Former Defense Secretary Robert Gates said in May 2011, “My staff and I learned that it was nearly impossible to get accurate information and answers to questions such as ‘How much money did you spend?’ and ‘How many people do you have?’” In February this year, the Center for International Policy published a report by William D. Hartung outlining more than $33 billion in waste in just 27 instances since President Barack Obama took office. The report is focused narrowly on waste. It doesn’t include expenses like the $360 million spent on weight-loss surgery for servicemen’s families, which would hardly seem to enhance the nation’s fighting ability. Contract Killers The U.S. military has major problems with the way it pays for weapons. For example, the government will often pay companies to fix their own manufacturing defects. As the Government Accountability Office put it, in one investigation into naval contracts, the Navy is “essentially rewarding the shipbuilder for delivering a ship that needed additional work.” David W. Wise wrote on War Is Boring, “The Navy, like the other services, has proven itself incapable of running an effective weapons acquisition program in recent decades. Instead, the services pay increasingly more money for progressively fewer units that often fail to meet original specifications” (May 27). In just about every project, costs rise while capabilities decrease. One notorious example is the Littoral Combat Ship. It was meant to cost $220 million per ship. The first cost triple that. The ships have almost universally bad reviews. They are lightly armored and lose to Chinese ships in just about every simulation. Meanwhile, other firms are building useless weapons. For example, the Army spends around $200 million a year on M1 Abrams tanks that it doesn’t need and that go straight into storage. Why? The tank factory is in the district of the chairman of a key congressional subcommittee. This isn’t an isolated example. Last December, the New York Times wrote that “[l]anguage inserted into the federal budget … directed the Coast Guard to build a $640 million national security cutter in Mississippi that the Coast Guard says it does not need” (Dec. 20, 2015). “I guess that is how it goes,” a spokesman for the Coast Guard said. “But we are good [without it].” One senator wanted the cutter built in his state. In the same budget, another senator pushed for the Navy to be given $1 billion for a destroyer it didn’t ask for because the vessel was likely to be built in her state. Worse, there is strong evidence that America’s weapons are designed primarily to be job creators, not war winners. Franklin C. Spinney is famed for his criticism of U.S. defense procurement. In an essay written back in 1990, he forecast, “The power politics practiced by the Pentagon and Congress continue to drag our nation deeper into a quagmire of spiraling weapons costs, shrinking forces, and high defense budgets.” Now that his predictions have come to pass, it’s clear he is worth listening to. Spinney warned that “the needs of a coherent defense policy have been preempted by the selfish desires of its individual components.” This selfishness is at the heart of his critique. The Pentagon and defense companies engage in what he calls “political engineering.” “Political engineering is the strategy of spreading dollars, jobs and profits to as many important congressional districts as possible,” he wrote. “By designing overly complex weapons, then spreading subcontracts, jobs and profits all over the country, the political engineers in the Defense Department deliberately magnify the power of these forces to punish Congress should it subsequently try to reduce defense spending by terminating major procurement programs.” This seems to explain the problems with the F-35 fighter jet. With a price tag around $1.5 trillion, it is the most expensive weapons system in history. It is also the future of U.S. airpower: If all goes to plan, the majority of the U.S. military’s planes will be F-35s. Yet the F-35 is commonly criticized for being overly complex. A single unnecessary system—one designed to make it easier to order spare parts—leaves the entire program so vulnerable to hacking that a cyberattack could ground the whole fleet. Meanwhile, experts say Congress is unlikely to kill the program because politicians are worried about the jobs that would be lost in key districts. There may be legitimate reasons for not canceling the F-35 program. But that decision should revolve around military consequences, not jobs. These tactics also seem to prevail for America’s newest stealth bomber, the B-21. “By publicly announcing some of the program’s subcontractors, officials have tied the program to specific congressional districts, making it difficult for members of Congress with plants in their districts to oppose or criticize the program for legitimate military and budget reasons without also seeming to act against their districts’ interests,” reported the Project for Government Oversight in March. The wastage and incompetence in America’s defense contracts represent more than merely a financial problem. Yes, America may have spent billions on useless roads or crumbling hospitals—but the same forces behind those purchases could have pushed the U.S. into spending $1.5 trillion, and betting its future, on a flawed plane. A Deadly Weakness When decisions about the military are being made with jobs, Congressional seats and career advancements as the top priority, America’s security is dramatically undermined. Defense wastage exposes a rot at the heart of the military. Who knows the exact reason each military official signed off on billions of useless projects in Afghanistan or bought equipment that is not needed. But the same factors that lead to these decisions—lack of thought, lack of interest, bureaucratic red tape, the inability of different departments to talk to each other—are undoubtedly behind other bad decisions. Misspending is a quantifiable symptom that points to a much deeper sickness. American military decision-makers around the world, from Afghanistan to Congress, have taken their eye off the ball. For some, their goal is personal gain. For others, it’s not rocking the boat. For others, it’s reelection. Too few have defending America from potential enemies as their top priority. This is the biggest reason why the shocking military waste matters. America used to produce cutting-edge military technology at good prices. God blessed America, but no longer. In fact, the curse described in Leviticus 26:20—directed to the ungodly and disobedient modern-day descendants of ancient Israel, of whom America is chief—well applies: “And your strength shall be spent in vain.” We see this in many ways—the fruitless military missions in Afghanistan and Iraq, for example. This massive waste is both a natural result of failed leadership and also a result of this curse. The preceding verse says God “will break the pride of your power.” These verses describe a nation with ample “strength” and “power,” but it is incapable of using it effectively. When America was blessed, God said He made it so that “ye shall chase your enemies, and they shall fall before you by the sword” (verse 7). One way He did that was by blessing the nation with skilled innovators and manufacturers, allowing the nation to have its technological edge. America still has an edge here. But too few in the military take the potential for a major war seriously. The result is a bloated system that hemorrhages money and leaves this apparently invincible nation dangerously insecure. ▪ More about United States: What Donald Trump Means for Asia A staggering restructuring of power is coming to this volatile region. Read »   Print Font size Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Google+ Read comments (#) Scroll to top   •   Read comments (#) ‘The Shaping of the World Is Part of the Christian Mission’ New Zealand Hit by Severe Earthquake Marijuana Wins Big on Election Night Migrant Gangs Rule German Streets Information Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions About Us Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Follow RSS Feed Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Additional Trumpet Weekly Newsletter Philadelphia Trumpet Newsmagazine Magazine Archive Literature Library Video Browser English [en]Español [es]Français [fr]Italiano [it]Nederlands [nl]Norsk [no]Deutsch [de]Português [pt]Afrikaans [af]Suomi [fi]עברית [he] Copyright © 2016 Philadelphia Church of God, All Rights Reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 375 75 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest American Airlines joins rush to Cuba with first flights American Airlines now operating non-charter flights to the island for the first time.  Post to Facebook American Airlines joins rush to Cuba with first flights American Airlines now operating non-charter flights to the island for the first time.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2ca99AN {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs American Airlines joins rush to Cuba with first flights Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY 1:40 p.m. EDT September 8, 2016 356 Shares FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn American Airline begins regular Cuba service  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A pilot waves as he prepares to push back from the gate for American Airlines Flight 903, becoming the first commercial flight from Miami to Cuba in 55-years on Sept. 7, 2016 in Miami.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen American Airlines ground employees witness the inaugural flight from the tarmac of Miami International as an American Airlines jetliner heads for Cienfuegos, Cuba on Sept. 7, 2016.  Al Diaz, Miami Herald via AP Fullscreen Miriam Turner arrives with her baby Chana, 7 months, in Cienfuegos, Cuba, on American Airlines inaugural scheduled service from Miami to Cuba on Sept.7, 2016.  Al Diaz, Miami Herald via AP Fullscreen A boarding sign for American Airlines Flight 903 to Cienfuegos, Cuba, is seen as it becomes the first commercial flight from Miami to Cuba in 55-years on Sept. 7, 2016.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen American Airlines executives Gabriel Crespo (left) and Lina Santiago, a greet Christine Valls, an American Airlines sales director, who arrived in Cienfuegos, Cuba, on American Airlines inaugural scheduled service from Miami on Sept. 7, 2016.  Al Diaz, Miami Herald via AP Fullscreen Fliers arrive in Cienfuegos, Cuba, on American Airlines inaugural scheduled service from Miami to Cuba on Sept. 7, 2016.  Al Diaz, Miami Herald via AP Fullscreen American Airlines Flight 903 is given a water cannon salute as it becomes the first commercial flight from Miami to Cuba in 55-years on Sept. 7, 2016.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Employees watch as American Airlines Flight 903 prepares to become the first commercial flight from Miami to Cuba in 55-years on Sept. 7, 2016.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Employees watch as American Flight 903 prepares to become the first commercial flight from Miami to Cuba in 55-years on Sept. 7, 2016.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Passengers line up to board American Airlines Flight 903 to Cuba on Sept. 7, 2016.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Passengers line up to board American Airlines Flight 903 to Cuba on Sept. 7, 2016.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Workers wave as American Airlines Flight 903 prepares for take off, when it became the first commercial flight from Miami to Cuba in 55-years on Sept. 7, 2016.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Employees watch as American Airlines Flight 903 prepares for take off, when it became the first commercial flight from Miami to Cuba in 55-years on Sept. 7, 2016.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Joaquin Ayella (left) and Laudelina Terrero wait to board American Airlines Flight 903 to Cuba in Miami on Sept. 7, 2016.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen An employee closes a door on American Airlines Flight 903 as it is prepared to push back from the gate, becoming the first commercial flight from Miami to Cuba in 55-years on Sept. 7, 2016.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Passengers line up to board American Airlines Flight 903 to Cuba, becoming the first commercial flight from Miami to Cuba in 55-years on Sept. 7, 2016.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Juan Perez (right) and Onelia Martinez Castillo (pink hat) check in to their American Airlines Flight to Cuba which was the first commercial flight from Miami to Cuba in 55-years on Sept. 7, 2016.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Juan Perez (left) and Marlini Gallan check in to their American Airlines Flight to Cuba which was the first commercial flight from Miami to Cuba in 55 years on Sept. 7, 2016.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Employees watch as American Airlines Flight 903 prepares for take off, becoming the first commercial flight from Miami to Cuba in 55 years on Sept. 7, 2016.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 19 2 of 19 3 of 19 4 of 19 5 of 19 6 of 19 7 of 19 8 of 19 9 of 19 10 of 19 11 of 19 12 of 19 13 of 19 14 of 19 15 of 19 16 of 19 17 of 19 18 of 19 19 of 19 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide American Airlines has launched regularly scheduled service to Cuba, operating non-charter flights to the island for the first time. American Flight 903 landed in Cienfuegos, Cuba, ahead of schedule at about 11:15 a.m. local time “to applause from passengers,” according to a first-hand account from The Miami Herald. American’s second regularly scheduled flight to Cuba – Flight 1041 from Miami to Holguin – touched down about a half hour later. American becomes the second big U.S. airline – and third overall – to add regular service to Cuba since the Obama administration moved to relax flight restrictions between the nations. BOOKMARK: Go directly to the Today in the Sky homepage USA TODAY First U.S. commercial flight in 5 decades lands in Cuba JetBlue was first when it launched a route from Fort Lauderdale to Santa Clara, Cuba, on Aug. 31. Small commuter carrier Silver Airways followed suit a day later with turboprop service to Cuba from Florida. Prior to JetBlue's launch, U.S. flights to Cuba operated as charters that could be sold only through tour operators approved by the federal government. Tickets were typically expensive and booking cumbersome. The move to loosen those restrictions now allows airline to operate normal "scheduled" service between the USA and Cuba, though passengers remain responsible for certifying that they're eligible to travel under one of the 12 reasons allowed by the U.S. government. American had flown Cuba charter flights for approved tour operators since the 1990s, but had never flown regularly scheduled service. The Cuba market will be an important one for American, which had long been viewed as the USA’s top carrier to the Caribbean. But American has trimmed service to parts of the region during the past decade. Perhaps most notable was a downsizing of a hub that American once operated from San Juan, Puerto Rico. Cutbacks by American and other legacy carriers helped open the door for a major expansion in the Caribbean by rival JetBlue, which has quickly become one of the top U.S. players in the islands. JetBlue even flies flatbed seats on some of its Caribbean routes from New York and Boston. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn The new look of American Airlines  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. An image provided by American Airlines shows what its Boeing 777-300 jets will look like once they get the carrier's new paint job.  American Airlines Fullscreen American's new look also will extend to its regional affiliate American Eagle, as seen here in this image provided by American.  American Airlines Fullscreen American's new look also will extend to its regional affiliate American Eagle, as seen here in this image provided by American.  American Airlines Fullscreen American's new look is extending across its brand, including its website, airport terminals and – as seen here – its Texas headquarters.  American Airlines Fullscreen American Airlines CEO Tom Horton stands in front of a Boeing 737-800 sporting the airline's new look at an unveiling ceremony near the company's Texas headquarters on Jan. 17, 2013.  American Airlines Fullscreen At a ceremony on Jan. 17, 2013, to show off American Airlines' rebranding, a Boeing 737-800 with the new look is seen in front of a yet-to-painted Boeing 777-300.  American Airlines Fullscreen American Airlines shows off its new look, unveiling this Boeing 737-800 in updated livery at a ceremony near its Texas headquarters on Jan. 17, 2013.  Tom Pennington, Getty Images Fullscreen American Airlines shows off its new look, unveiling this Boeing 737-800 in updated livery at a ceremony near its Texas headquarters on Jan. 17, 2013.  Tom Pennington, Getty Images Fullscreen American Airlines shows off its new look, unveiling this Boeing 737-800 in updated livery at a ceremony near its Texas headquarters on Jan. 17, 2013.  Tom Pennington, Getty Images Fullscreen American Airlines shows off its new look, unveiling this Boeing 737-800 in updated livery at a ceremony near its Texas headquarters on Jan. 17, 2013.  Tom Pennington, Getty Images Fullscreen American Airlines shows off its new look, unveiling this Boeing 737-800 in updated livery at a ceremony near its Texas headquarters on Jan. 17, 2013.  Tom Pennington, Getty Images Fullscreen American Airlines shows off its new look, unveiling this Boeing 737-800 in updated livery at a ceremony near its Texas headquarters on Jan. 17, 2013.  Tom Pennington, Getty Images Fullscreen American Airlines shows off its new look, unveiling this Boeing 737-800 in updated livery at a ceremony near its Texas headquarters on Jan. 17, 2013.  Tom Pennington, Getty Images Fullscreen American Airlines shows off its new look, unveiling this Boeing 737-800 in updated livery at a ceremony near its Texas headquarters on Jan. 17, 2013.  Tom Pennington, Getty Images Fullscreen American Airlines shows off its new look, unveiling this Boeing 737-800 in updated livery at a ceremony near its Texas headquarters on Jan. 17, 2013.  Tom Pennington, Getty Images Fullscreen American Airlines shows off its new look, unveiling this Boeing 737-800 in updated livery at a ceremony near its Texas headquarters on Jan. 17, 2013.  Tom Pennington, Getty Images Fullscreen American Airlines shows off its new look, unveiling this Boeing 737-800 in updated livery at a ceremony near its Texas headquarters on Jan. 17, 2013.  Tom Pennington, Getty Images Fullscreen American Airlines shows off its new look, unveiling this Boeing 737-800 in updated livery at a ceremony near its Texas headquarters on Jan. 17, 2013.  Tom Pennington, Getty Images Fullscreen American Airlines shows off its new look, unveiling this Boeing 737-800 in updated livery at a ceremony near its Texas headquarters on Jan. 17, 2013.  Tom Pennington, Getty Images Fullscreen American Airlines shows off its new look, unveiling this Boeing 737-800 in updated livery at a ceremony near its Texas headquarters on Jan. 17, 2013.  Tom Pennington, Getty Images Fullscreen A yet-to-painted Boeing 777-300 at American Airlines' Texas headquarters on Jan. 17, 2013.  Tom Pennington, Getty Images Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 21 2 of 21 3 of 21 4 of 21 5 of 21 6 of 21 7 of 21 8 of 21 9 of 21 10 of 21 11 of 21 12 of 21 13 of 21 14 of 21 15 of 21 16 of 21 17 of 21 18 of 21 19 of 21 20 of 21 21 of 21 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide American and JetBlue also are likely to battle over the Cuban market. The two airlines will offer the greatest seat capacity between the USA and Cuba once all of the approved routes launch. Havana flights – which were approved later than flights to the rest of Cuba – will begin later this year. American’s first flights to Cienfuegos and Holguin are just the first of many for which the carrier has been approved. American also is launching routes this week to the Cuban cities of Santa Clara, Camaguey and Varadero. To Havana, American will eventually offer four daily round-trips from Miami and one from Charlotte. “There is no other airline in the world that will have as many flights to Cuba,” American spokeswoman Martha Pantin says to the Herald. USA TODAY The 'boneyard': Where airlines send old planes to be scrapped But, on Wednesday, the focus was on the launch of regularly scheduled service. For Miami -- long the U.S. city with the closest ties to Cuba -- the flight was the first "normal" airline flight in 55 years. “Today is historic not only for American Airlines but also for Miami, the heart and soul of the Cuban-American community in the United States,” Ralph Lopez, American’s vice president for its Miami hub operation, said at a ceremony prior to Wednesday’s Cuba departures, according to the Sun-Sentinel of South Florida. “It’s been more than 50 years since there has been commercial air service to Cuba and today, Sept. 7, 2016, we begin service not to one, but two of our six destinations in the country.” TWITTER: You can follow me at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky USA TODAY 'Super 80 Send Off': American retiring 20 MD-80s in 1 day IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn March #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The nose of the first Boeing 747 looms behind the nose of its smaller and slightly older sibling, the first Boeing 737, at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on Feb. 14, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The nose of an unfinished 747 gleams in green on the floor of the Boeing factory in Everett, Wash., in this June 2014 file photo.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Icelandair's new aurora borealis-themed Boeing 757 pays a visit to Seattle on Feb. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The city of Phoenix turns to a blur during this long exposure on a departure from the city's airport on Feb. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air China Boeing 747-8i takes off from Boeing Field in Seattle in front of late fall colors in this Nov. 10, 2014, file photo.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Boeing 757-200 departs Los Angeles International for destination unknown in this January 2015 file photo.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The city of Montreal reaches out into the darkness during an early morning arrival on Feb. 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A prospective flight attendant works the cabin during a training exam onboard a full-size Boeing 747-400 trainer located at EVA's Taipei-based headquarters in January 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Crews de-ice a Boeing 767 prior to departure from Montreal-Trudeau Airport on a very cold February morning.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A US Airways Boeing 757 takes off over downtown Phoenix on Feb. 2, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Pablo Fernicola sets up a shot on the ramp of SeaTac airport during a tour on Feb. 22, 2015. The tour was for participants of Aviation Geek Fest, an annual event put on in the Seattle region.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Hawaiian Airbus A330 takes off from Seattle, headed for the warmer climate of Hawaii, on Feb. 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Delivered only days before, a United 787-9 is readied for entry into service at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in mid-February.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Boeing 767-300 taxis to the gate at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in this January 2015 file photo.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Rarely seen by non-crew members, a rest area for pilots is seen aboard a United Boeing 787-9.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A driver of a tour bus waits for a Hawaiian Airbus A330 to vacate the ramp before proceeding. The tour was part of Aviation Geek Fest 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A fighter jet takes off.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A unpainted Boeing 777-300 rockets out of Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on a test flight in this Nov. 7, 2014, file photo.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Participants in the annual Aviation Geek Fest get up close with an Alaska Air Boeing 737 in the company's maintenance hangar in Seattle on Feb. 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A participant with the annual Aviation Geek Fest poses for a photo in front of a Boeing 737 engine at the Alaska Airlines maintenance hangar in Seattle on Feb. 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Icelandair's new aurora borealis-themed Boeing 757 pays a visit to Seattle on Feb. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unpainted Boeing 737 taxis for a test flight at Boeing Field Airport in Seattle on Feb. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Washington State's Mount Rainier peeks out from among the clouds on Feb. 26, 2015, as seen from an American Airlines flight to Chicago.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Clouds mix with sky during an American Airlines flight on Feb. 26, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Just over one year ago, Selim Azam, a DC-10 flight engineer with Biman Bangladesh, quietly reflects on the last days of his career as the airplane that provided him a stable job for 25 years takes both of them toward retirement on Feb. 20, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The futuristic flight deck of a Bombardier CSeries 100 aircraft is seen at the company's Mirabel, Quebec, factory on Feb. 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bombardier's first CSeries 300 jet taxie to the runway for its maiden flight on Feb. 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Canada Boeing 767-300 awaits its first flight of the day at Montreal-Trudeau Airport on Feb. 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen White dominates the landscape as an Air Canada flight overflies Quebec en route to Toronto on Feb. 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAYJeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers walk through the Air Canada terminal in Toronto Pearson Airport on Feb. 28 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide A pilot waves as he prepares to push back from the gate for American Airlines Flight 903, becoming the first commercial flight from Miami to Cuba in 55-years on Sept. 7, 2016 in Miami.  (Photo: Joe Raedle, Getty Images) Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2ca99AN Most Popular Amazing flight deals in early December 768 Shares Five myths about walking vacations 153 Shares United adds 'Basic Economy' fares with carry-on bag restrictions 1.4k Shares 10 Portuguese wines to pair with authentic fare 47 Shares Biofuel: Wood scraps help power Alaska Air cross-country flight 42 Shares Hawaiian unveils new uniforms for 5,000 frontline workers 514 Shares
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Boeing, Beware: Ukraine's Biggest Plane Is Back in Business -- in China Could a revived An-225 air freighter steal sales (and profits) from Boeing? We'll find out. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Sep 11, 2016 at 2:13PM ANTONOV'S FLYING BARN -- THE AN-225 MRIYA. IMAGE SOURCE: MIKE FREER VIA WIKIMEDIA COMMONS. "Antonov Aviation Concern" is dead. Long live "the Antonov Company." That was the upshot of our article earlier this year detailing the trials and tribulations of the several subsidiaries of Ukrainian aerospace giant Antonov Aviation -- including the subsidiary that built and still operates the country's gigantic An-225 Mriya flying barn. (Actually, "Mriya" translates as "dream" -- but you've seen the picture. This thing is big.) All together now: How big is it? According to published statistics, the Antonov An-225 Mriya measures 276 feet in length with a 290-foot wingspan. It stands 54 feet tall, can lift 1.4 million pounds (including its own weight), and within its capacious hold has space for 46,000 cubic feet of cargo. It's strong enough to carry an entire Russian Buran-class space shuttle piggybacked atop it -- which in fact, was the purpose for which the An-225 was designed. Or it can carry a 200-ton natural gas generator or wind turbine (among its common uses ), or 33 fully grown African bull elephants  internally. It is, quite simply, the largest and most powerful transport aircraft on the planet -- bigger than Boeing's (NYSE:BA) 747 freighter, or Airbus' (NASDAQOTH:EADSY) gigantic A380 -- and has been so for nearly three decades. And now the An-225 is going back into production. From Ukraine with love Last month, IHS Jane's relayed the news that Antonov had signed a deal to license the designs and technologies needed to build the An-225 to the Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AICC), for production within China. (Note: AICC may not be the same company as the "Aviation Industry Corporation of China" that is better known by the acronym "AVIC." Some sources suggest that despite the identical English translations of their names, these are actually two separate businesses.) In any case, whichever company it is acting through, China has agreed to assist Antonov in completing an incomplete An-225, on which production was halted in 2001. First flight on that one is expected to take place in 2019, at which point the population of operable Mriyas in the world will instantly double. Subsequently, production will shift to a new factory in Sichuan Province in China, which will commence churning out brand-new, modernized versions of the plane by the mid-2020s -- and in volume. What it means to investors Preeminent in the pantheon of global planemakers, Boeing's 747-8F transport is currently only the second biggest transport aircraft in the world. Its 138-ton payload capacity, while impressive, is quite simply dwarfed by the 200-ton payload of Antonov's An-225. An Airbus A380 freighter would probably outclass the Boeing 747-8F in both payload capacity and cargo volume -- but there isn't an A380 freighter variant on the market today. And as for Lockheed's C-5M, its payload is arguably comparable to that of Boeing's 747 -- but the C-5M is a purely military bird, which limits both the size of its market and the size of the profits it can generate for Lockheed. That leaves the race for the title of "world's biggest civilian freighter" a contest solely between Boeing and Antonov. To date, it's a contest that Antonov has won handily. But it's also a contest Antonov has only won technically. While the An-225 is certainly much bigger than the B747-4F, it's also been unique -- as in, there's only one An-225 flying, "and they ain't building any more of 'em." That changed last month. In just a few years, Chinese-made An-225s could be circling the globe in ever-increasing numbers, depriving Boeing once and for all of the title of "world's biggest civilian freighter [for all intents and purposes]" -- and depriving Boeing of some of the revenue, and profits, that it might have been able to earn as the maker of the world's most capable freighter jet. Going forward, some of those profits will be going to China, and via licensing fees, to Ukraine as well. Sorry, Boeing. You're officially No. 2. Rich Smith does not own shares of, nor is he short, any company named above. You can find him on CAPS, publicly pontificating under the handle TMFDitty, where he's currently ranked No. 293 out of more than 75,000 rated members. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Follow @richsmithfool Article Info Sep 11, 2016 at 2:13PM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $146.04 up $0.71 (0.49%) Airbus NASDAQOTH:EADSY $14.54 down $0.22 (-1.51%) Read More Europe Green-Lights a Space Monopoly to Combat ULA and SpaceX Navy Greenlights 2 War Drone Prototypes for Its Aircraft Carrier Fleet 5 Things Boeing Co. Management Wants You to Know Can Airbus Surpass Boeing Co.'s Aircraft Production? About Those Cheap Boeing 737s: United Continental Doesn't Want Them Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos Most Popular Mosul frontline: where friend mixes with foe - 01:28 Trump has offered national security adviser job to Flynn - 00:35 17,000 at-risk turtles released into Amazon - 01:22 Clinton wanted to "curl up" after election loss - 02:24 Sessions accepts Trump's attorney general post - 00:47 Cubs players break out the victory champagne - 01:22 Stressed out mosquitoes die more easily, researchers find - 02:11 Smart rats join tool-user club - 01:10 Spending a night at Dracula's castle - 01:00 Swap that environmentally-unfriendly to-go cup - 01:20 Trump meets Japan's Abe in NYC - 02:12 Man, 0 - panda, 1 - 00:52 New trouble for Boeing Dreamliner Tuesday, February 07, 2012 - 01:17 Feb. 6 - Boeing has a new problem with the newly launched 787 Dreamliner involving the main body of the super jumbo jet, but the airplane maker says there is no safety risk. Conway G. Gittens reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript It's only been a few months since the Boeing 787 Dreamliner flew off the ground after a three-year delay and already there is a concern. Boeing says it discovered a problem with the body of the plane known as the fuselage and is in the process of making repairs. The plane maker says there are no short-term safety concerns. Japan's All Nippon Airways, the first customer to fly the plane, says it has done reviews and the aircraft will fly as normal. But the plane is under scrutiny because it is the world's first commercial airplane made mostly of lightweight carbon composites, which increases fuel efficiency. Main rival Airbus recently had to deal with wing cracks on its A380 superjumbo jet. Boeing was quick to say the repairs will not impact the production schedule for the 787. The company is hoping to ramp up production to 10 a month by the end of next year, in hopes of making up for lost time after that multi-year delay. There are more than 800 orders for the new plane, but Boeing only gets paid with the planes are actually delivered to air carriers, and ready to go up in the air. Conway Gittens, Reuters Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/w768kr <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=229695911"></iframe> Close New trouble for Boeing Dreamliner Tuesday, February 07, 2012 - 01:17 Top News » Polish priest comes to the rescue with... 6:33pm IST - (0:59) NATO "absolutely confident" of Trump... 6:58pm IST - (0:39) India's farmers bear the brunt of cash crunch 2:48pm IST - (1:24) Fight for Mosul not yet over 12:29am IST - (1:09) Clashes break out during anti-austerity march... 12:24am IST - (0:57) Breakingviews TV: Goldman scions Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (3:20) Pence "humbled" by enthusiasm on Capitol Hill Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:01) Trump voters got their win, now what? Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (3:02) U.S. spy chief Clapper resigns Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:11) Chinese "Trump" pheasant the pride of Zhejiang Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:08) Heavy fighting in Mosul's eastern Tahrir Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) Obama greeted by closest ally Merkel in Berlin... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:43) Currency crisis hits Indian farmers, wholesale... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:56) Hundreds march in L.A. for Trump to fire... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:54) Prince William calls for end to illegal... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:31) Confusion surrounding Trump's talks with... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:11) South Korea holds breath as students sit... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:17) Colombia rebel group suspected in attack on... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:55) Canada to respond to concrete Trump trade... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:55) Republican women cheer Trump presidency Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (2:06) Iraqi forces attack Islamic State near Mosul,... Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (1:03) Kerry warns of climate threat at talks... Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (1:19) Breakingviews TV: Tackling too big to fail Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (4:52) Obama depart Athens for Berlin on European... Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (0:55) Obama, on last trip to Europe, warns against... Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (1:36) Business » Abercrombie's profit plunges 8:41pm IST - (1:07) Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs at VW brand by... 7:16pm IST - (1:50) Draghi toughens tone on bank regulation,... 7:05pm IST - (1:53) China eyes APEC trade leadership after Trump's... 6:54pm IST - (1:59) India's farmers bear the brunt of cash crunch 4:59pm IST - (1:41) British retailers do battle for top Xmas ad 3:43pm IST - (1:37) Why Europe tops market risk list for 2017 2:47pm IST - (1:45) Kenyan coffee ambitions heat up 12:52pm IST - (1:28) Wall Street lifted by data, earnings, and... 3:18am IST - (1:12) Russia blocks LinkedIn 2:31am IST - (1:16) Jonathan Corpina on Yellen impact on markets 2:14am IST - (4:19) Rate hike "relatively soon" - Yellen 12:39am IST - (1:23) Carlos Ghosn: NAFTA issue won't be big hurdle Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (5:53) Didi talks rev up VW China push Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:52) Breakingviews TV: Goldman scions Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (3:20) Wal-Mart's profit drops Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:00) Peugeot Citroen, Renault, VW lead European car... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:20) Euro zone maths: Trump + data = uncertainty Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:37) What Brexit? UK retail sales growth at 14-year... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:22) The Japanese firm behind Barca's mega sponsor... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:42) S Africa game industry counts drought costs Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:47) Rio Tinto execs sacked amid bribery probe Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:47) Dow, S&P 500 drop as U.S. bank rally wanes,... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:13) LCK Wealth Management's Laurie Kamhi's take on... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (3:51) Jaguar unveils electric vehicle Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) Rough Cuts » NATO "absolutely confident" of Trump... 6:58pm IST - (0:39) "Drain the swamp"?; Jon Stewart 's take 6:26pm IST - (1:22) Obama holds talks with Merkel, EU leaders in... 4:55pm IST - (0:46) Russia launches air attacks on targets in... 4:40am IST - (0:59) Three-man space crew blasts off to... 4:25am IST - (1:27) Easton to make West End debut in '42nd Street' 3:56am IST - (1:42) Nicole Kidman hits the red carpet in New York 2:55am IST - (1:50) Clashes break out during anti-austerity march... 12:24am IST - (0:57) Pence "humbled" by enthusiasm on Capitol Hill Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:01) U.S. spy chief Clapper resigns Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:11) I.S. car-bomber blown up before attack: video Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:35) Heavy fighting in Mosul's eastern Tahrir Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) Obama greeted by closest ally Merkel in Berlin... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:43) Duterte calls world court "useless", may... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:16) Clinton wanted to "curl up" after election... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (2:24) Protests erupt in Turkey's southeast after... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:47) Hundreds march in L.A. for Trump to fire... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:54) Tight security around Trump Tower disrupts Big... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:19) Conway refutes claims of problems in Trump's... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:39) Bob Dylan will be no-show at Nobel prize... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:48) Peru's Sabancaya volcano spews more smoke and... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) A heated exchange at State Department briefing Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:39) Clinton: "America needs you" Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:40) Canada to respond to concrete Trump trade... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:55) Minnesota officer charged in Philando... Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (1:37) Technology » Create the perfect beer using genetics Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (2:09) Chimps caught on camera 'fishing' for algae Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:03) Smart rats join tool-user club Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (1:10) Robot dinosaurs get Raspberry Pi make-over Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (2:09) Groin-flashing frog found in Australia Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (1:41) Turning urine into biogas Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (2:09) Plaques unveiled to mark Paris attack sites Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:02) Canada mourns Leonard Cohen Sat, 12 Nov, 2016 - (0:44) Spray print app makes everyone an artist Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:55) Scientists edit genome to cure sickle cell... Thu, 10 Nov, 2016 - (1:48) Robot dinosaurs unveiled in Japan Thu, 10 Nov, 2016 - (0:55) Paralyzed primate walks again after... Wed, 09 Nov, 2016 - (1:56) Grow food at home from plant cells Mon, 07 Nov, 2016 - (1:35) Stopping drug resistant organisms Mon, 07 Nov, 2016 - (2:03) 'Blue blood' bid to encourage DNA screening Sun, 06 Nov, 2016 - (1:32) Bolivian llama conservation efforts pay... Sun, 06 Nov, 2016 - (1:38) ROLI's touch-responsive tech presents a new... Fri, 04 Nov, 2016 - (2:29) Delft designers hope for drone take-off Fri, 04 Nov, 2016 - (2:13) Airbag bicycle helmets may be safer than... Wed, 02 Nov, 2016 - (1:46) Stressed out mosquitoes die more easily,... Wed, 02 Nov, 2016 - (2:11) New robot toy uses ‘emotions’ to interact with... Tue, 01 Nov, 2016 - (1:45) Intelligent prosthetic leg automatically... Mon, 31 Oct, 2016 - (1:58) Dinosaur brain tissue identified for first... Thu, 27 Oct, 2016 - (1:58) Playing Pac-Man with tiny microbes Thu, 27 Oct, 2016 - (2:09) Oddly Enough » Canberra zoo adds four newborn lemur babies 1:35pm IST - (0:37) Biscuit dunking takes new heights Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:51) Chinese "Trump" pheasant the pride of Zhejiang Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:08) China's golden pheasant heralded as Trump... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:43) Japan's wine lovers bathe in Beaujolais... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:50) NYC builds sticky notes wall in defiance of... Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (1:31) Robot dinosaurs get Raspberry Pi make-over Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (2:09) Cows rescued after being stranded in NZ quake Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (0:45) Punches thrown in Ukrainian parliament as MPs... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (0:40) Dog yoga record broken in Japan Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:01) Supermoon appears in Australia Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) Magnificent lights over Sweden likely caused... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:06) Supermoon rises in Spain Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:00) 'Sha-la-la-la-la' for Philippines' Duterte and... Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (0:49) Rare pink diamond on display in Geneva Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:05) Plans underway for new Trump wax figure Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (0:51) Philippine and Malaysian leaders let loose... Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:04) Mars show home goes on display at observatory Thu, 10 Nov, 2016 - (1:28) Record snow in Swedish capital Thu, 10 Nov, 2016 - (0:48) “Sky Blue” diamond expected to fetch $25... Wed, 09 Nov, 2016 - (1:20) Mariachis protest "sad" election outside Trump... Wed, 09 Nov, 2016 - (1:01) Tobler-moan: Brits unhappy with smaller bar Tue, 08 Nov, 2016 - (0:52) Clinton camp 'freezes' in election day ad Tue, 08 Nov, 2016 - (0:43) Animals have their say in U.S. election Tue, 08 Nov, 2016 - (0:57) Clinton and Trump are turned into pooper... Tue, 08 Nov, 2016 - (1:02) Entertainment » Mark Wahlberg on his Boston Marathon bombing... 7:10pm IST - (1:25) "Drain the swamp"?; Jon Stewart 's take 6:26pm IST - (1:22) Tom Hanks on Presidential Medal of Freedom... 4:41am IST - (2:34) Newly engaged Ricky Martin off to Vegas for... 4:00am IST - (2:18) Easton to make West End debut in '42nd Street' 3:56am IST - (1:42) Nicole Kidman hits the red carpet in New York 2:55am IST - (1:50) Grief takes unusual path in 'Manchester by the... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:51) Iconic Marilyn Monroe dress to be auctioned... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:09) Bringing J.K. Rowling's magical world to life Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:37) The Rolling Stones' Exhibitionism debuts in... Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (1:10) Female rights top of agenda at Glamour Awards Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (1:02) Natalie Portman's 'Jackie' premieres in LA Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (2:07) "Star Wars" exhibition comes to London Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (1:27) 'The Rock' discusses a future in politics Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (1:43) 'School of Rock - The Musical' opens in London Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (2:13) Models with Down Syndrome team up with... Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (1:21) Disney releases "Beauty and the Beast" trailer Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (2:03) South Korean actors talk "Legend of the Blue... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:09) Aerosmith to say "Aero-Vederci" with European... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (0:57) Duke of Cambridge presents theatre award Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (0:48) Sting reopens Bataclan one year after Paris... Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:32) Robert Vaughn dies at 83 Sat, 12 Nov, 2016 - (0:56) Robert Redford announces retirement from... Sat, 12 Nov, 2016 - (1:06) The Classic Rock Roll of Honour Awards moves... Sat, 12 Nov, 2016 - (1:17) Warren Beatty film return in "Rules Don't... Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:50) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 2016 Investor's Guide to the Top 10 Military Helicopters Who makes the most popular military helicopters in the world, and which ones should you invest in? Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Sep 11, 2016 at 8:13AM Get ready to lift off with our annual round-up of the top 10 best-selling military helicopters in the world. Image source: Defenseimagery.mil. Remember our top 10 fighter jet report that ran a couple months back? In it, we looked at the 10 best-selling fighter jets in the world, complete with pretty pictures, fascinating facts, and some deep thoughts about the companies that make the fighter jets themselves. Our follow-up review of the top 10 most popular military transport aircraft came out last week. Today, we'll complete the trifecta and run down the top 10 combat helicopters, as reported in Flightglobal Insight's latest "World Air Forces" report. Why jump from fixed-wings to whirlybirds? Simple. While American-made fighter jets and cargo planes are in high demand around the world, it turns out American-made military helicopters are even more popular. Around the world, four of the top 10 fighter jets are made here in America, and four of the top 10 transports as well. But seven of the world's best-selling military helicopters are made in the USA. Together, they command an astonishing 45% market share around the globe. Which helos are these, who makes them, and what does this all mean for investors? Read on and find out. 10. Aerospatiale SA341 Gazelle -- List price: $220,000 on the resale market British Royal Air Force Gazelle. Image source: Mike Freer via Wikimedia Commons. First introduced in 1973, the French Gazelle hasn't been in production since 1992 -- but there are still a lot of the old birds whirling around. According to Flightglobal's data, 501 Gazelles remain in service around the globe today, making up 3% of the global market for military helicopters. 9. Textron Bell AH-1 Cobra -- List price: $29.9 million  Cobras, Vipers, and Venoms -- oh my! What is it with Marines and snakes? Image source: LCpl. Jeff Sisto for the U.S. Marine Corps. Rising one slot on Flightglobal's top 10 list this year is Textron's (NYSE:TXT) AH-1 Cobra. Including both older models of the attack helicopter and the Marines' latest take -- dubbed the "AH-1Z" Viper -- 566 units are in service around the world today. That's equivalent to a 3% market share worldwide. 8. Textron Bell OH-58 Kiowa -- List price: $13 million   Danger in a small package -- the Bell Kiowa. Image source: SSgt Shane A. Cuomo for the U.S. Army. Once one of the U.S. Army's most popular attack helicopters, the ranks of OH-58 Kiowas are thinning, with 18% fewer units (582) flying this year than last. Global market share has dropped to 3%, and that's just the start. The Army's plans to retire its entire Kiowa fleet are now well under way. Soon, the Kiowa's light attack helicopter mission will be entirely taken over by the Apache (see below). Don't be surprised if next year, the Kiowa falls entirely off the top 10 list. 7. MD Helicopters MD500 -- List price: $3.5 million   MD 500 buyers can do a lot with this little bird. Image source: MD Helicopters. S&P Global Market Intelligence reports that MD Helicopters is privately held -- not publicly traded. The company's versatile MD500 light helicopter serves multiple transport and combat roles in the U.S. (and other) armed forces. Around the world, 675 are in use -- flat against last year -- allowing the MD500 to retain a 3% market share. 6. Boeing CH-47 Chinook -- List price: $29.8 million   Just how big is Boeing's Chinook? Just this big. Image source: Spc. Russell J. Good for the U.S. Army. After dropping briefly in the rankings last year, Boeing's (NYSE:BA) famed CH-47 Chinook caught an updraft in 2016. The number of Chinooks in service inched up 2.5% to 898 this year, growing the Chinook's global market share to 5%. 5. Mil Mi-24 Hind -- List price: $12.5 million  During the Soviet occupation, the Afghans had a saying: "We don't fear the Russians, but we fear their helicopters." The Mi-24 Hind was one reason why. Image source: Jakub Halun via Wikimedia Commons. Russia's most famous helicopter (albeit not its best-selling -- see below) is growing as well. Owing in part to Russia's recent military buildup, 918 Mi-24 Hinds are in service globally today, up 21 from last year. The Hind still commands 5% global market share. 4. Boeing AH-64 Apache -- List price: $35.5 million  Boeing's AH-64 Apache just might be the most feared attack helicopter in the world. Image source: Petty Officer 3rd Class Shawn Hussong for the U.S. Navy. Retaining its fourth-place position for the third year running is Boeing's ever-popular Apache attack helicopter. In service globally today are 1,116 of them, up 33 from last year, and the helicopter has 6% market share. Adding to Boeing's revenue stream is the continuing need to refurbish, upgrade, and remanufacture this huge existing fleet of aircraft. 3. Textron Bell UH-1 Huey -- List price: $25.4 million  The Bell "Huey" has been a staple of the U.S. military since Vietnam. Image source: U.S. Army. Placing third in this race is Textron's venerable UH-1 Huey utility helicopter. A certified Vietnam Vet, Textron has produced more than 16,000 copies of the Huey and its successor aircraft, including the latest model UH-1Y Venom (price indicated above). Four dozen have been retired since Flightglobal's last report came out, leaving just 1,404 in service today. That's still enough to give the Huey 7% market share. 2. Mil Mi-8 Hip -- List price: $3.2 million  Russia's Mil Mi-8 sells well all around the world. For example, this one made it all the way to Mexico. Image source: Photographer's Mate Airman Jeremy L. Grisham for the U.S. Navy. First introduced in 1961, the Mi-8 Hip remains popular to this day. With 2,555 units in service (up nearly 5% from last year), the Hip commands a 13% global market share. That's still 1,027 helicopters behind the market leader, however. Without further ado, then, we bring you the No. 1 best-selling military helicopter in the world... 1. Lockheed Martin Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk -- List price: $17 million  Lockheed Martin's Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk (and its cousins, like this Pave Hawk pictured here) are the best-selling military helicopters in the world. Image source: Staff Sergeant Aaron Allmon II for the U.S. Air Force. For the umpteenth time running, the most popular military helicopter on the planet remains the Sikorsky Black Hawk (and its derivatives). With 3,582 units in service around the world (down slightly from an even 3,600 last year), the Black Hawk and its cousins dominate the world with 18% global market share -- and that share could even grow over time. You see, when Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) acquired Sikorsky from United Technologies (NYSE:UTX) last year, it also acquired Sikorsky's backlog of $15.6 billion in signed deals to acquire new Black Hawks. At an average purchase price of $17 million per chopper, that works out to another 900-plus Black Hawks still waiting to be assembled. If I were a betting man, I think I'd happily place a bet on Lockheed Martin, and Sikorsky, continuing to dominate the global market for military helicopters for years to come. Why investors care about military helicopters So, why is all of this important to investors in the defense industry? It works like this: The more helicopters a company sells, the broader the base over which it can spread research and development costs, and the less it can charge per helo. The lower the cost, the cheaper the helicopter. And the cheaper the helicopter, the easier it is to sell more helicopters, growing market share further, and expanding profit margins. Sikorsky, now owned by Lockheed, has sold more than 4,700 Black Hawk-family helicopters over its history, and amazingly, 76% of these helicopters are still flying today. Flying, and therefore continuing to generate revenue for Lockheed Martin from maintenance, parts, and upgrades. As part of Lockheed Martin's Aeronautics business, it's generating 10.9% operating profit margins, outclassing the 10.1% margin at Textron's Bell unit, and the 7.7% margin at Boeing Military Aircraft as well (all data from S&P Global). It's also worth pointing out that, with Sikorsky now in hand, Lockheed Martin owns the top brand of military helicopter (Black Hawk), the top-selling military transport aircraft (C-130 Hercules), and the best-selling fighter jet (F-16 Falcon) as well. All under one corporate roof. The moral of this story: If you're looking for a pure-play way to invest in the defense industry, you don't have to look any further than Lockheed Martin stock. Did I mention that Sikorsky has won the contract to build the next "Marine One?" If Sikorsky is good enough for the U.S. President, shouldn't it be good for you, too? Image source: United Technologies. Fool contributor Rich Smith does not own shares of, nor is he short, any company named above. You can find him on CAPS, publicly pontificating under the handle TMFDitty, where he's currently ranked No. 295 out of more than 75,000 rated members. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Follow @richsmithfool Article Info Sep 11, 2016 at 8:13AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $146.04 up $0.71 (0.49%) United Technologies NYSE:UTX $106.66 down $0.04 (-0.04%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $262.94 down $0.34 (-0.13%) Textron NYSE:TXT $44.27 down $0.30 (-0.67%) Read More How United Airlines Plans to Boost Earnings by $4.8 Billion DryShips Stock Stalled, While Other Shipping Stocks Shift Into Reverse Shareholders Approve Tesla Motors, Inc. Acquisition of SolarCity Why Tutor Perini Got Schooled Today Tesla Software Update Will Enable a 2.4-Second Zero-to-60 Time Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 2016 Investor's Guide to the Top 10 Military Helicopters Who makes the most popular military helicopters in the world, and which ones should you invest in? Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Sep 11, 2016 at 8:13AM Get ready to lift off with our annual round-up of the top 10 best-selling military helicopters in the world. Image source: Defenseimagery.mil. Remember our top 10 fighter jet report that ran a couple months back? In it, we looked at the 10 best-selling fighter jets in the world, complete with pretty pictures, fascinating facts, and some deep thoughts about the companies that make the fighter jets themselves. Our follow-up review of the top 10 most popular military transport aircraft came out last week. Today, we'll complete the trifecta and run down the top 10 combat helicopters, as reported in Flightglobal Insight's latest "World Air Forces" report. Why jump from fixed-wings to whirlybirds? Simple. While American-made fighter jets and cargo planes are in high demand around the world, it turns out American-made military helicopters are even more popular. Around the world, four of the top 10 fighter jets are made here in America, and four of the top 10 transports as well. But seven of the world's best-selling military helicopters are made in the USA. Together, they command an astonishing 45% market share around the globe. Which helos are these, who makes them, and what does this all mean for investors? Read on and find out. 10. Aerospatiale SA341 Gazelle -- List price: $220,000 on the resale market British Royal Air Force Gazelle. Image source: Mike Freer via Wikimedia Commons. First introduced in 1973, the French Gazelle hasn't been in production since 1992 -- but there are still a lot of the old birds whirling around. According to Flightglobal's data, 501 Gazelles remain in service around the globe today, making up 3% of the global market for military helicopters. 9. Textron Bell AH-1 Cobra -- List price: $29.9 million  Cobras, Vipers, and Venoms -- oh my! What is it with Marines and snakes? Image source: LCpl. Jeff Sisto for the U.S. Marine Corps. Rising one slot on Flightglobal's top 10 list this year is Textron's (NYSE:TXT) AH-1 Cobra. Including both older models of the attack helicopter and the Marines' latest take -- dubbed the "AH-1Z" Viper -- 566 units are in service around the world today. That's equivalent to a 3% market share worldwide. 8. Textron Bell OH-58 Kiowa -- List price: $13 million   Danger in a small package -- the Bell Kiowa. Image source: SSgt Shane A. Cuomo for the U.S. Army. Once one of the U.S. Army's most popular attack helicopters, the ranks of OH-58 Kiowas are thinning, with 18% fewer units (582) flying this year than last. Global market share has dropped to 3%, and that's just the start. The Army's plans to retire its entire Kiowa fleet are now well under way. Soon, the Kiowa's light attack helicopter mission will be entirely taken over by the Apache (see below). Don't be surprised if next year, the Kiowa falls entirely off the top 10 list. 7. MD Helicopters MD500 -- List price: $3.5 million   MD 500 buyers can do a lot with this little bird. Image source: MD Helicopters. S&P Global Market Intelligence reports that MD Helicopters is privately held -- not publicly traded. The company's versatile MD500 light helicopter serves multiple transport and combat roles in the U.S. (and other) armed forces. Around the world, 675 are in use -- flat against last year -- allowing the MD500 to retain a 3% market share. 6. Boeing CH-47 Chinook -- List price: $29.8 million   Just how big is Boeing's Chinook? Just this big. Image source: Spc. Russell J. Good for the U.S. Army. After dropping briefly in the rankings last year, Boeing's (NYSE:BA) famed CH-47 Chinook caught an updraft in 2016. The number of Chinooks in service inched up 2.5% to 898 this year, growing the Chinook's global market share to 5%. 5. Mil Mi-24 Hind -- List price: $12.5 million  During the Soviet occupation, the Afghans had a saying: "We don't fear the Russians, but we fear their helicopters." The Mi-24 Hind was one reason why. Image source: Jakub Halun via Wikimedia Commons. Russia's most famous helicopter (albeit not its best-selling -- see below) is growing as well. Owing in part to Russia's recent military buildup, 918 Mi-24 Hinds are in service globally today, up 21 from last year. The Hind still commands 5% global market share. 4. Boeing AH-64 Apache -- List price: $35.5 million  Boeing's AH-64 Apache just might be the most feared attack helicopter in the world. Image source: Petty Officer 3rd Class Shawn Hussong for the U.S. Navy. Retaining its fourth-place position for the third year running is Boeing's ever-popular Apache attack helicopter. In service globally today are 1,116 of them, up 33 from last year, and the helicopter has 6% market share. Adding to Boeing's revenue stream is the continuing need to refurbish, upgrade, and remanufacture this huge existing fleet of aircraft. 3. Textron Bell UH-1 Huey -- List price: $25.4 million  The Bell "Huey" has been a staple of the U.S. military since Vietnam. Image source: U.S. Army. Placing third in this race is Textron's venerable UH-1 Huey utility helicopter. A certified Vietnam Vet, Textron has produced more than 16,000 copies of the Huey and its successor aircraft, including the latest model UH-1Y Venom (price indicated above). Four dozen have been retired since Flightglobal's last report came out, leaving just 1,404 in service today. That's still enough to give the Huey 7% market share. 2. Mil Mi-8 Hip -- List price: $3.2 million  Russia's Mil Mi-8 sells well all around the world. For example, this one made it all the way to Mexico. Image source: Photographer's Mate Airman Jeremy L. Grisham for the U.S. Navy. First introduced in 1961, the Mi-8 Hip remains popular to this day. With 2,555 units in service (up nearly 5% from last year), the Hip commands a 13% global market share. That's still 1,027 helicopters behind the market leader, however. Without further ado, then, we bring you the No. 1 best-selling military helicopter in the world... 1. Lockheed Martin Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk -- List price: $17 million  Lockheed Martin's Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk (and its cousins, like this Pave Hawk pictured here) are the best-selling military helicopters in the world. Image source: Staff Sergeant Aaron Allmon II for the U.S. Air Force. For the umpteenth time running, the most popular military helicopter on the planet remains the Sikorsky Black Hawk (and its derivatives). With 3,582 units in service around the world (down slightly from an even 3,600 last year), the Black Hawk and its cousins dominate the world with 18% global market share -- and that share could even grow over time. You see, when Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) acquired Sikorsky from United Technologies (NYSE:UTX) last year, it also acquired Sikorsky's backlog of $15.6 billion in signed deals to acquire new Black Hawks. At an average purchase price of $17 million per chopper, that works out to another 900-plus Black Hawks still waiting to be assembled. If I were a betting man, I think I'd happily place a bet on Lockheed Martin, and Sikorsky, continuing to dominate the global market for military helicopters for years to come. Why investors care about military helicopters So, why is all of this important to investors in the defense industry? It works like this: The more helicopters a company sells, the broader the base over which it can spread research and development costs, and the less it can charge per helo. The lower the cost, the cheaper the helicopter. And the cheaper the helicopter, the easier it is to sell more helicopters, growing market share further, and expanding profit margins. Sikorsky, now owned by Lockheed, has sold more than 4,700 Black Hawk-family helicopters over its history, and amazingly, 76% of these helicopters are still flying today. Flying, and therefore continuing to generate revenue for Lockheed Martin from maintenance, parts, and upgrades. As part of Lockheed Martin's Aeronautics business, it's generating 10.9% operating profit margins, outclassing the 10.1% margin at Textron's Bell unit, and the 7.7% margin at Boeing Military Aircraft as well (all data from S&P Global). It's also worth pointing out that, with Sikorsky now in hand, Lockheed Martin owns the top brand of military helicopter (Black Hawk), the top-selling military transport aircraft (C-130 Hercules), and the best-selling fighter jet (F-16 Falcon) as well. All under one corporate roof. The moral of this story: If you're looking for a pure-play way to invest in the defense industry, you don't have to look any further than Lockheed Martin stock. Did I mention that Sikorsky has won the contract to build the next "Marine One?" If Sikorsky is good enough for the U.S. President, shouldn't it be good for you, too? Image source: United Technologies. Fool contributor Rich Smith does not own shares of, nor is he short, any company named above. You can find him on CAPS, publicly pontificating under the handle TMFDitty, where he's currently ranked No. 295 out of more than 75,000 rated members. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Follow @richsmithfool Article Info Sep 11, 2016 at 8:13AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $146.04 up $0.71 (0.49%) United Technologies NYSE:UTX $106.66 down $0.04 (-0.04%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $262.94 down $0.34 (-0.13%) Textron NYSE:TXT $44.27 down $0.30 (-0.67%) Read More How United Airlines Plans to Boost Earnings by $4.8 Billion DryShips Stock Stalled, While Other Shipping Stocks Shift Into Reverse Shareholders Approve Tesla Motors, Inc. Acquisition of SolarCity Why Tutor Perini Got Schooled Today Tesla Software Update Will Enable a 2.4-Second Zero-to-60 Time Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Boeing is making a major change to its planes that could end jet lag as we know it Business Insider 9/11/2016 Benjamin Zhang © Provided by Business Insider   During the development of the 787 Dreamliner, Boeing encountered countless engineering hurdles. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▲ 145.99 +0.66 +0.45% One of which was the decision to build much of the plane out of carbon fiber reinforced plastics and other composite materials instead of the aluminum most commonly used on commercial airliners. While the engineering of the composite airframe may have been a challenge, it's a decision that allowed Boeing to make a major change to its aircraft that could greatly reduce the effect of jet lag on its passengers. "The Dreamliner has a composite fuselage and that allowed us to pressurize it at whatever altitude we wanted because the material is not as susceptible to fatigue," Blake Emery, director of differentiation strategy for Boeing's commercial airplanes, told Business Insider in an interview. Also on MSN Money: SpaceX and Boeing are officially setting up shop on the ISS Click to expand Replay Video Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House Donald Trump didn't spend nearly as much on advertising as typical presidential candidates, and he didn't have to -- he relied on billions of dollars of free mentions in media ranging from major TV news networks to Buzzfeed and Twitter instead. The real estate magnate got $4.96 billion in free earned media in the year leading up to the presidential election, according to data from tracking firm mediaQuant. Over the past 12 months, the president-elect received more than $800 million in free earned broadcast media, compared to $666 million for Clinton, and $2.6 billion in free earned online news attention, compared to $1.6 billion for his rival. He edged out her and other major political names in American and worldwide newspapers as well. The Street Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen highlights a number of safeguards in the Dodd-Frank regulation that she thinks have resulted in a "safer and sounder financial system." President-elect Donald Trump has called the law a "disaster." CNN Money Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security Taking Social Security as a couple opens up more ways to strategize and increase lifetime benefits. Here's how to maximize your SS earnings. CNBC PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume SpaceX and Boeing are officially setting up shop on the ISS Newsy See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House The Street0:59 Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' CNN Money2:36 Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security CNBC1:43 Alaska's pot businesses must pay taxes in cash Wochit Business0:43 South Africa game industry counts drought costs Reuters1:42 Trump's family matters: Mixing business, government Bloomberg2:38 Insurance ad parody video highlights industry tensions The Wall Street Journal.2:06 Check out the hottest cars from the L.A. Auto Show Fox Business3:04 A look at Nashville's music industry and health care BBC News1:32 Airplane ticket prices to fall in 2017 Reuters1:11 Manufacturing in the US on a steady rise Wochit Business0:39 Canada examines possible legal cannabis system Bloomberg4:05 Will my Social Security check get bigger in 2017? Kiplinger1:12 For around $20 you can have your very own Donald Trump mask CNBC0:54 Trump signs removed from some NYC buildings CNN Money1:43 Car repairs and maintenance you can (really) do yourself GOBankingRates1:21 UP NEXT Currently, most airliners have cabin air pressure equivalent to that of an altitude of 8,000 ft. For the Dreamliner, Boeing cut that down to 6,000 ft. "To lower the cabin altitude, we actually increased the air pressure inside the cabin," Emery added. "It's a bit counter intuitive for most people." Why does air pressure matter to passengers?© Provided by Business Insider   For most of us, a long flight is usually followed by some combination of symptoms that include headaches, lack of appetite, lack of energy, nausea, and sleeplessness. All of these afflictions have been conveniently bundled together with a disruption of one's internal body clock to form something we call jet lag. But the reality is that jet lag is far more serious. The very symptoms we attribute to jet lag may actually be attributed to acute mountain sickness, which affects individuals exposed to altitudes above 6,500 ft. In a study conducted by Oklahoma State University with the help of Boeing, researchers wrote: "Some passengers on long commercial flights experience discomfort characterized by symptoms similar to those of acute mountain sickness. The symptoms are often attributed to factors such as jet lag, prolonged sitting, dehydration, or contamination of cabin air. However, because barometric pressures in aircraft cabins are similar to those at the terrestrial altitudes at which acute mountain sickness occurs, it is possible that some of the symptoms are related to the decreased partial pressure of oxygen and are manifestations of acute mountain sickness." The study found that passengers who go from sea level up to 8,000 ft. of altitude saw the oxygen content in their blood fall 4%. Although this didn't trigger full on acute mountain sickness, it did bring on what the study called "increased prevalence of discomfort after three to nine hours" of exposure. "The research showed passengers' bodies reacted at 6,000 ft. similar to that at sea level," Emery said. "So we decided to pressurize the Dreamliner at 6,000 ft." At 6,000 ft., the cabin air is more dense and has a greater level of oxygen saturation. As result, the body does not have to work as hard to oxygenate blood and sustain itself. © Provided by Business Insider   According to Emery, since there isn't a perfect one-to-one correlation between altitude and jet lag, Boeing has taken additional measures to mitigate the symptoms. These measures include an increase in cabin humidity as well as a new air filtration system. Why haven't we had this all along? The Dreamliner won't be the only Boeing jet to have a have a lower cabin altitude. The company's upcoming 777X wide-body mini-jumbo jet will also be pressurized at 6,000 ft. However, unlike the composite Dreamliner, the 777X, Boeing's successor to landmark 777, will be primarily made of aluminum. "Aluminum aircraft can be pressurized to 6,000 ft.," Kent Craver, Boeing's commercial airplanes regional director of passenger satisfaction, told Business Insider in an interview. "In fact, most business jets are already pressurized to that level." In addition, Airbus is also working to lower the cabin altitude on its next generation of airliners. Airplane makers have traditionally avoided lowering the cabin altitude because boosting the air pressure inside the cabin puts greater stress on aluminum air frames. This increases the likelihood of metal fatigue and shortens the service life of the airplane. © Provided by Business Insider   However, Boeing believes it can successfully lower cabin altitude on the 777X without going to a composite body. "We know the 777 fuselage, its structural qualities, and its fatigue margins really well," a Boeing spokesperson told us in an email. "We also understand the requirements of the lower cabin altitude in terms of cycles and pressures on the fuselage. As a result, we can achieve it with a few local reinforcements and change those loads out to accommodate lower cabin altitude." The Boeing 777X is set to enter service in 2019. NOW WATCH: Watch a Boeing 787 perform stunts you’d only expect from a fighter jet Go to MSN Home More in Money 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Business Insider Stephen Hawking: Humans only have about 1,000 years left Business Insider Trump likely to embark on a victory tour of rallies in states he won Business Insider Here's when to split the bill evenly and when to pay your share Business Insider 7 innovations that are changing the way we manage diabetes, a disease that affects 371 million people worldwide Business Insider Business Insider View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
tech e blog contact advertise shopping forums by: Staff posted: Aviation, Military , Picdump, Technology View Comments Tweet 0 09/11/2016 Boeing F-15 2040C Stealth Fighter Boasts Quad Packs That Can Hold 16-Missiles, Talon HATE Communications Pod Boeing is planning a major fleet-wide overhaul of all combat coded F-15Cs, and the upgrade is called "2040C" or "Advanced F-15," and will incorporate both new and old technology from the Silent Eagle program. For starters, the Advanced F-15 will boast "quad packs" which fit onto standard under-wing and belly hard-points, doubling its current air-to-air loadout to 16 missiles. It will also feature the Talon HATE communications pod, enabling the aircraft to transfer and receive data from F-22s operating alongside Eagles in combat theaters on a secured high-speed link. Inside, Multifunction displays (MFDs) and gauges will be replaced with a large area display (LAD), similar to those found in F-35 Lightning IIs. Click here to view the first image in today's viral picture gallery. Continue reading for the five most popular viral videos today, including one of a hidden room where you'd least expect. 5. Hidden Room Under the Stairs 4. Colors in Macro 3. Sand Boa Enjoys His New Toy 2. The Amazing Triple Spiral 1. Piercing a Stab-Proof Vest Submit to: Del.icio.us Digg Slashdot This entry was posted on 09/11 00:30am and is filed under Aviation, Military , Picdump, Technology . You can leave a response. Other Related Posts XB-1 Supersonic Jet Could Take You from London to NYC in 3.5-Hours, is Concorde Successor Before the SR-71 Blackbird, There was the Lockheed A-12 - Here are 5 Cool Facts China's J-20 Stealth Fighter Makes Public Debut, Set to Take on F-22 Raptor You Could Either buy a Hypercar for $1.5-Million, Or a Cobalt Valkyrie-X Rose Gold Private Jet Can Deply 16 B83 Nuclear Bombs and 5 More Interesting Facts About the B-2 Stealth Bomber Interesting Posts Around the Web Loading... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. subscribe rss 2.0 hot posts Strange Alien-Like Mummy Discovered in Egypt 5 Fascinating Unsolved Bermuda Triangle Mysteries Strange Ancient Pyramids Discovered in Antarctica Top 5 Worst Fight Scenes Ever Bizarre "Bagel Head" Injections Become Latest Beauty Trend in Japan 5 Funny and Weird iPhone 5 Videos Old Pump House Transformed Into High-Tech Modern Home Mind-Blowing Look at Ladera, a Stunning Open-Wall Resort in St. Lucia Dumpsters Converted Into Functional Swimming Pools Curiosity Rover Discovers Ancient Riverbed On Mars Why Captain America Shouldn't Text Message Iron Man 5 Strange Technologies That Might Have Been Covered Up recommended Yeni Betboo Kayit adresi (Bahis Turkce) Gold Box Zergnet our friends Hacked Gadgets Kindle Fire MobilitySite OhGizmo! Search Tech E Blog  search Search Our Archives – Please Select A Category – 1-Series Concept 2008 Audi S5 2008 BMW M3 2008 BMW M3 Sedan 2008 Dodge Challenger 2008 Honda Accord 2008 Infiniti EX35 2008 Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution 3D Display 3D Printing 7500 Prism A Look Back Ace Combat Acer Active Life Athletic World Adobe Systems Advanced Video System Air Force Air Force Collaboratory Airbus A380 Alarm Clock Aliens Alienware Altoids Amazon Kindle American Inventor Animals Animation Anime Announcements Apple Apple Store Apps AquaDom Arcade Architechture Archos 605 Ariel Atom 3 Arkanoid DS ArmorAll Army of Two Articles Ascari A10 ASIMO Assassins Creed Aston Martin ASUS ASUS Eee AT&T Atari ATT Tilt Audi R8 Audi RS6 Avant Audi TT Auto Auto Assault-12 Avatar Aviation Babes Ben Heck Beowulf Bill Gates Bing Bing It On Bionic Commando BioShock Blacksite Area 51 Bladestorm Blu-ray Bluetooth BMW BMW 135i Coupe BMW M3 BMW M6 Boeing 747 Simulator BOSE Suspension BRAVIA Breaking News Budokai Tenkaichi 3 Bugatti Veyron Building Painting Buildings Burnout Paradise Cadillac Call of Duty 4 Camcorder Camera Tips Case Mod Casio Exilim Cats Cell Phones CES 2008 CES 2009 CES 2010 CES 2011 CES 2012 CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CG China Clothing Collaboratory Commercial Computers Conan Concept Conquer Graymail Contests Contra Contra 4 Cooking Mama 2 Corvette C6RS Corvette ZR1 Cosplay Cowon Cowon A3 Creative Crisis Core Final Fantasy VII Crysis Crytek Daily Buzz Daily Roundup Dash Express Deals Dell Dell XPS One A2010 Design Desktops Devil May Cry 4 Dice Stacking Digital Camcorder Digital Cameras Displays Dodge Viper SRT-10 Dogs Drones DS Camera DS Lite DS TV Tuner Duke Nukem Forever Dynasty Warriors Gundam DynaTAC E3 E3 2015 eBay Eee PC Emulator EVO X F-22 FaceBook FAIL Far Cry 2 Fatal1ty FEAR Files Feature Ferrari Ferrari 599 GTB Ferrari F430 Scuderia Ferrari FXX Evoluzione Fifth Gear First Look FlatOut Ultimate Carnage Flying Car Folklore Food Ford GT40 Forza Motorsport 2 Free Energy Frontlines Fuel of War Funny Furniture Futurama Gadgets GalaxyS665 Game Art Game Boy GameStop Gametrailers Gateway One Gears of War Gears of War 2 Gears of War PC Geek Get a Mac GMail Google Google Android Google Earth Google gPhone Google Phone gPhone GPS Gran Turismo 5 Grand Theft Auto 4 Guitar Hero Guitar Hero 3 Gundam Hack Half Life 2 Half Life 2 Portal Halo Halo 3 Halo DS Halo Wars Hard Drive Hardware Headphones Heavenly Sword Hello Kitty Home Home Theater Honda Honda 124 Honda Accord Honda Accord Coupe HF-S Honda Civic Hybrid Honda Civic Type R Honda CR-Z Honda FCX Hotmail How its Made How to HP HP Blackbird HP iPAQ HTC HTC Kaiser HTC Touch HTC Touch Dual Slide HTC Touch Slide Hulk i-REAL i-SOBOT iD Software iMac Impreza WRX STi Infographics Initial D Intel Interactive Internet Interview Invicta iPad iPad Touch iPhone iPhone Accessory iPhone Clone iPhone Hack iPhone Nano iPhone Ringtone iPhone Shuffle iPod iPod Classic iPod Dock iPod Interface iPod Nano iPod Shuffle iPod Touch Iron Man iShoes Jam Sessions Japanese Japanese Gadget Java Josh Duhamel Juiced 2 K850i Keyboard Keyport Kitchen Konami Lamborghini Lamborghini LP640 Lamborghini Reventon Lancer Evolution X Laptops Laser TV Latitude XT LED TV LED Wheels LEGO LEGO Indiana Jones Lenovo Lenovo X300 Lexus Lexus IS-F LG LG KS20 LG KU990 LG Muziq lg nitro lg nitro hd LG Optimus G Pro lg phone LG Rumor LG Shine LG Touch LG U990 LG Venus LG Voyager Line Rider Linux Lotus Hot Wheels Luxury Mac Mini Mac OS X Leopard MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro MacBook Touch Mario Mario Kart Wii Mass Effect Math Maybach Maybach 62 Mazda Meizu M8 Mentos Coke Messenger Kit Metal Gear Solid 4 Metal Gear Solid Mobile Metroid Microsoft Microsoft Hotmail Microsoft Surface Microsoft Windows Microsoft Zune MicrosoftOutlook.com Military Mitsubishi Mitsubishi Lancer EVO X Mitsubishi Lancer Ralliart Mobile Internet Device Model Modern Marvels Mods Motorcycle Motorola Motorola Marco Motorola RAZR2 Movies Mozilla MP3 Players MP4 MS Paint Music N81 Naruto NASA Need for Speed ProStreet NES NES PC Netbook New Stuff Ninja Gaiden 2 Ninja Gaiden DS Nintendo Nintendo DS Nintendo DS 2 Nintendo Wii NISMO NISMO 350Z Nissan Nissan GTR Nissan PIVO nitro lg No More Heroes Nokia Nokia 6500 Slide Nokia iPhone Nokia N81 Nokia N810 Nokia N82 Nokia N96 Notebook Nuclear Rifle NVIDIA Ocean Dome Office Technology OLED Optimus G Pro Optimus Keyboard Optimus Maximus Osborne 1 Outlook.com Pac-Man Pagani Zonda F Palm Centro Palm Z Panasonic Patent PC PDAs Philips Photography Photoshop Picdump Pico Projector Picobot Picture Pinball Ping Pong Table Pixar Pizza Plane PlayStation PlayStation 2 PlayStation 3 PlayStation Eye PMP PMX-M70 Poll Pong Pontiac G8 Porsche Porsche 911 GT1 Porsche GT2 Portal Power Glove Preview Project Gotham Racing 4 Projector PS3 PS4 PSP PSP Slim PSP2 PSPhone Punch Out PVP Quake Wars RadioShack Rally Raing Random RAZR 2 Remote Desktop Resident Evil 5 Resident Evil Umbrella Chronicles Review Me Reviews Robosaurus Robots Rock Band Rockstar Table Tennis Wii Roller Coaster Rolly Rube Goldberg Rubiks Cube Runbot S2000 CR Saleen Samsung Samsung Beat Samsung Blast Samsung Fin Samsung G600 Samsung Juke Samsung Serenata Science ScrewAttack SEGA SEGA Rally EVO Segway SEMA 2007 Sidekick LX Sidekick Slide Simpsons Skate Skateboarder Sky Tower Skype Smartphone Software Soldier of Fortune Pay Back Sonic Sony Sony Ericsson Sony Mylo 2 Sony Rolly Soul Calibur 4 Soulcaliber IV Soulcalibur Legends Space Space Invaders Space Up Speakers Spider-Man Sports Sprint Sprint Faster Sprint Spark Spy Shots SSC Ultimate Aero TT Star Trek Star Wars Starcraft 2 Steampunk Stop-Motion Street Fighter 4 Streetcarver Stryker Subaru Subaru WRX Super Mario Galaxy Super Smash Bros Brawl Surface Computer Suzuki BiPlane T-Mobile T-Mobile Shadow Tablet PC Tank Car Tank Limo Tata Nano Tattoo Team Fortress 2 Tech 5 TechEBlog Review Technology Tekken 5 Television Tetris TGS 07 The Dark Knight The Eye of Judgement The Real Hustle The Simpsons The Simpsons Game TheShack ThinkGeek Time Crisis 4 TimeShift Tire Sculptures Toaster Tokyo Motor Show Tony Hawk Too Human Top 10 Top 5 Top Gear Toyota Toyota Prius Toys TradeandSave Trailer Transformers Transformers 2 Transportation Travel TRD Aurion Turok Tutorial Ubuntu UFO Ultima GTR Ultrabook UMPC Uncharted Uncharted Drakes Fortune Unreal Tournament 3 Unusual USB Drive USB Gadget Valve Vending Machine Verizon Video Video Games Vii Virgin Galactic Virtua Fighter 5 Virtual Reality Volkswagen Volkswagen Nardo W580 W910 W960 Wall-E Watches Weapon Weird Wheel Wibrain Wii Wii Fit Wii Zapper Wiimote Hack Will it Blend Windows 7 Windows Vista Wireless Wooden Car World News World of Warcraft Worlds Largest LCD Screen WRX STi Xbox  search now Follow @techeblog contact advertise shopping forums ©2016 Honekai Media | privacy policy handcrafted by: onelotus creative
null
null
Sections Design & Home Food Health News Our Events Real Estate Shopping Things to Do Travel Weddings Find Washington's Best... Dentists Doctors Faces of Washington Financial Advisers Health Experts Home Resources Lawyers Pet Resources Real Estate Agents Restaurants Wedding Vendors More Subscribe Manage My Subscription Digital Edition iPad App Newsletters About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs © 2016 Washingtonian Media Inc. Privacy Policy All Rights Reserved  Rss Skip to content Search Subscribe Menu News Things to Do Food Health Shopping Design & Home Real Estate Weddings Inaugural Ball News Why the Starship Enterprise Belongs in the Smithsonian 5 Questions for Margaret Weitekamp, the Air and Space Museum's pop-culture curator. By Andrea Marks on September 9, 2016 The Starship Enterprise on display at the Air and Space Museum. Photo by Eric Long, courtesy of Air and Space Museum Tweet Share A major DC institution is being invaded by Klingon speakers and cosplayers in Vulcan ears. As NASA begins its latest real-life mission to scoop up asteroid dust, sci-fi fans are celebrating their own extraterrestrial milestone at the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum this week: the 50th anniversary of Star Trek’s 1966 television premiere. As the museum’s curator of social and cultural dimensions of spaceflight—in other words, the pop-culture curator—Margaret Weitekamp headed the effort to restore the original 11-foot model of the Starship Enterprise used in Star Trek shoots, now on permanent display in Air & Space’s newly renovated Boeing Milestones of Flight Hall, alongside John Glenn’s Friendship 7 capsule and the X-1 aircraft Chuck Yeager flew to smash the sound barrier. A Trekkie herself, Weitekamp completed a research fellowship at NASA and worked as a professor of women’s studies (she taught a course on the history of space travel) before coming to the Smithsonian in 2004. She helped organize the museum’s three days of events commemorating Star Trek’s launch, from Thursday’s showing of the pilot episode to Friday’s free “Boldly Go 50” celebration and costume contest, with guest speakers and documentary screenings (screenings are now full but the museum is offering standby tickets). It wraps up on Saturday with a sold-out cocktail party in the Smithsonian’s gardens surrounded by otherwordly botanicals. Washingtonian spoke to Weitekamp on what Star Trek tells us about the history of space travel. So you are the curator of the social and cultural dimensions of spaceflight. What role does space travel have in our, well, society and culture? It’s something that Americans have been fascinated with since it was just the realm of fiction. Space flight taps into fundamental ideas about who Americans believe we are, our sense of national identity as explorers, inventors, people with the ingenuity to solve problems. It has been an important part of Americans’ identity in the world, too. In the ’70s and ’80s, after space flights, there would be a world tour of the spacecraft and the astronauts to demonstrate what the US had done. In the documentary Building Star Trek, which will be shown Friday, you say that the Starship Enterprise model deserves to be in the Smithsonian alongside other—real—spaceships and aircraft. Why? I spend my job thinking about what real space flight has meant for American culture and the world, how we have remembered that through physical things, and how we have imagined how space flight could be through television, books, and movies. Some of the really important stories the Air and Space Museum has always told are not only the stories of these technologies and the people who built them and flew them but the inspiration and imagination that goes into making those real things happen. If you talk to earlier astronauts, they say as kids they wanted to fly. They built model airplanes out of balsa wood and were often fans of Buck Rogers and Flash Gordon. And if you talk to folks who work at NASA now, many are fans of space science-fiction, because it’s a vision of the kind of things they’d like to be doing. There are crossovers of influence between fiction and reality. If we were going to put one signature piece to bring out themes of imagination and inspiration, the Enterprise is a great example. Whether they’re coming as Star Trek fans or just everyday museumgoers, what do you hope viewers take away from the exhibits? Part of what we are trying to do when we put objects on display is create a juxtaposition that gets you to look at them in a slightly different way. Hopefully entering the Boeing Milestones of Flight Hall makes you think about the connections between the way space flight has been imagined and what’s going on in that hall. Compare the Enterprise to the Apollo Lunar Module. Those were things that were on the drawing board at the same time. Creators of the fictional piece and the real piece threw out everything that had been known about what a spaceship would look like, the assumptions that it would need to be streamlined or a pointy rocket or a gumdrop-shaped thing. They thought about how you would you design something for a specific mission. If it would never fly in an atmosphere, it would never need to be streamlined. What can attendees expect from special guest speakers at this week’s events? For example, Bjo and John Trimble, billed as two of Star Trek’s founding fans? I am really excited that we have Bjo and John Trimble. These are the folks who, back in the 1960s, organized the write-in campaign that got Star Trek its third season. So really it’s thanks to them that we’re here celebrating this anniversary, because without the third season, you don’t have enough episodes to go into syndication, and that’s where the series really took off—being shown in syndication and reruns. And in another example of the link between imagined and the real, the Trimbles later led the write-in campaign to NASA to name its first space shuttle test vehicle Enterprise instead of Constitution. People wrote in to the Ford White House and NASA and they ended up renaming the space shuttle. If you were to enter the costume contest, who would you go as? That’s hard. You go back and forth between wanting to do a classic Uhura or Nurse Chapel in a ’60s mod, funky dress, and wanting to go Captain Janeway, and get something from that. I will probably not be in costume. I tend to have an anthropologist’s perspective on this: it’s something I both participate in and study. I have a 50th anniversary Star Trek pin, though, that will definitely be on my lapel. Share Tweet TAGGED IN: 5 Questions, National Air and Space Museum, Smithsonian, Star Trek, Starship Enterprise The best news, delivered straight to your inbox. Sign up for our weekend newsletter. COMMENTS Must Reads The Women of “Good Girls Revolt” on Why We Have to Band Together Remembering Tom “The Egg Man” Hubric of Dupont’s FreshFarm Market DC is My Home, Not Donald Trump’s This Couple Is Having an Easier Time Selling Guns Than Coffee THE LATEST ISSUE November 2016: Top Doctors Subscribe Previous Issues Give a Gift Subscription Subscriber Services More from News What It’s Really Like to be a Professional Santa The Largest Uncut Diamond in North America Has Come to DC Loathsome Words: Which Words Do You Hate? Joshua Johnson Wants His Show to Be Relentlessly Civil, Especially in These Uncivil Times Where to Donate Your Time or Money Right Now How My Uncle’s Curious Hobby Ended Up in the Smithsonian’s National Museum of American History LeBron James Donates $2.5 Million to Smithsonian’s African-American History Museum Video: Park Police Officer Sits on DC High School Student Protesting Trump Most Popular Former Breitbart Spokesman: “Everyone Should Be Terrified” of Steve Bannon in the White House Photos and Videos: DC Kids Walked Out of School to Protest Trump’s Election Small Acts of Revolt Against Trump’s Election Are Popping Up in DC People Plucked Napkins From a Waitress’s Body at the Washington Post Election Party Who Will Be Donald Trump’s White House Chef? © 2016 Washingtonian Media Inc. Privacy Policy All Rights Reserved. Washingtonian is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.  Rss Get the best news, delivered weekly. By signing up, you agree to our terms. Subscribe Manage My Subscription Digital Edition iPad App Newsletters About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out19:29 GMT +318 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search LIVE: Snowden Fields Questions at Pen Int'l Session Dedicated to Imprisoned Writers New Satellite Planned to Increase Broadband Services to Sub-Saharan Africa © Flickr/ Global Panorama World 23:17 12.09.2016Get short URL 0 25510 A new communications satellite, named GiSAT, will expand access to broadband and digital broadcast services across sub-Saharan Africa, manufacturer Boeing said in a press release on Monday. WASHINGTON (Sputnik) – GiSAT will deliver a greater volume of data more cheaply than previous satellites in a coverage area of 35 countries and 750 million people, Boeing said. "Boeing will build a 702 satellite, called GiSAT, with a new digital payload offering twice the capacity of previous digital payload designs… to deliver streaming media, digital broadcast and other communications services to sub-Saharan Africa," the release said. © AP Photo/ Arun Sankar K ISRO to Use Indigenous Cryogenic Engine to Launch Advanced Weather Satellite"Our vision for GiSAT is to provide end users with connectivity and services that are affordable, rich in local content and truly broadband in nature," Global IP CEO Bahram Pourmand said in the release. His company has ordered the Boeing satellite. Scheduled to begin operating in 2019, GiSAT is designed to have more than 10 gateways in Europe and multiple gateways within Africa, according to Boeing. A gateway is a machine that links an orbiting satellite to internet-connected computers on Earth. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 10 Related: Boeing 737 Takes Off for Milan After Bomb Scare Boeing’s Top Manager to Head Russia’s Sukhoi Civil Aircraft Company Russia, China Developing Alternative to Boeing, Airbus Passenger Jets Tags: satellite, Boeing Satellite Systems, Boeing TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories US in Syria: Obama's Failed 'Final Accord' US policy in Syria is clearly in a gridlock, however it seems clear to everyone except the While House and the US State Department. Meanwhile, the Obama administration could have at least tried to find a solution before it vacates the office, but has shown no interest in doing so, according to RIA Novosti observer Ilya Kharlamov. 111050 Chinese Splash the Cash on US Real Estate But Congress Recommends Investment Ban The US government needs to differentiate between China's individual and institutional investors, following a congressional report on US-China ties which recommended that lawmakers ban Chinese state-owned investment in the US, Bryce Swerhun of the City University of Hong Kong told Radio Sputnik. 180 NATO Chief Calls for US Leadership in Alliance Amid EU, Turkish Tensions NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg has called for Europe to do more on defense and security, but cautioned against an EU-led military operation, while also asserting the strategic importance of Turkey as a NATO member, despite continuing friction between Ankara and Brussels. 3245 Some Like It Hot... And Expensive: 7 Celebrity Outfits Sold for Big Bucks An iconic moment in the life of one of Hollywood's great movie stars, in 1962, Marilyn Monroe shimmied onto a stage in New York's Madison Square Garden. Squeezed into a dress so tight, she had to be sewn into it, Monroe sang then-President John F. Kennedy a very sultry "Happy Birthday" to celebrate him turning 45. 0 71 All Pigs Are Equal But Some Are Moodier Than Others, New UK Study Finds Pigs have personalities too - and can be pretty moody sometimes which can even affect the decisions they make, according to a new study carried out on the four-legged creatures in the UK. 259 US Security Company Busts New Chinese Smartphone Spyware Security company Kryptowire managed to identify millions of Android smartphones that were laced with hidden software that allowed a third party to spy on their users’ activities. 0 372 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 19:28Black Friday Backlash: 'Buy Nothing Day' and the Growing Anti-Consumerism Trend 19:27US Congressman Pompeo 'Honored' to Run CIA Under Trump 19:26Turkish Push to Secure Syrian Border by Summer 2017 19:24US, China & Russia May Hold Talks on Restructuring US's Massive Debt Under Trump 19:22Million Ruble Kitty: Russian Woman Swaps Her Car for a Fancy Cat (PHOTOS)All news Sputnik EXCLUSIVE: Secret Document Tells Daesh Not to Attack US Coalition Planes 15447 India to Test Own Drone to Avoid US, Israeli Makes 12298 India Increases Bargaining Power as Home-Made Military Drone Passes First Test 12033 Russia Still India’s Main Partner in Nuclear Energy Despite French, US Interest 10090 Indian Overnight Currency Ban Hits Bull's Eye on Terror Funding 10080All news Outgoing US President Obama Holds Farewell Meeting With Top Ally Merkel 39 More US Students Leave Class in Protest of Trump Win 37 Sputnik EXCLUSIVE: Secret Document Tells Daesh Not to Attack US Coalition Planes 31 Kirby Must Be Disciplined for Discrimination of RT Journalist - Lavrov 28 Lavrov Says Washington, Moscow Unable to Maintain Negative Course in Relations 28All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics This Week in Pictures Friends With Benefits US 'War on Terror' in Numbers News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Business News / Security Industry Argon ST gets U.S. Navy torpedo decoy contract modification Boeing subsidiary will provide countermeasure decoy systems and spares. By Geoff Ziezulewicz   |   Sept. 12, 2016 at 1:20 PM Follow @upi Comments Sign up for our Security newsletter WASHINGTON, Sept. 12 (UPI) -- Argon ST, a Boeing company, has received a $10.2 million U.S. Navy contract modification for procurement of torpedo defense systems. The modification calls for the procurement of nine AN/SLQ-25A/C countermeasure decoy systems and spares that provide improved naval defense for current threat torpedoes in support of the Undersea Defensive Warfare program. The decoy, also known as "Nixie," is a modular, digitally controlled, electro-acoustic soft-kill countermeasure system. It uses an underwater towed body acoustic projector, deployed astern by a fiber optic tow cable. The system defends ships against wake homing, acoustic homing and wire-guided torpedoes. Work will be performed in Pennsylvania, with an estimated completion date of July 2018. Naval Sea Systems Command is the contracting activity. Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Boeing gets $9.9 million deal for F/A-18 laser guidance sets PKL Services gets $495 million Saudi F-15 support contract Boeing receives $52 million for F/A-18 aircraft doors KC-46A Pegasus receives Milestone C approval Comments Latest Headlines Armenian president: We had to buy Iskander-M missiles from Russia 1 hour ago Yerevan had to buy Iskander-M short-range ballistic missiles system to balance the volatile situation in the Caucasus, Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan said. DARPA funding second Tern test vehicle 2 hours ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- DARPA has begun funding a second demonstration vehicle to support the third phase of Tern, a joint project with ONR and Northrop Grumman. Spain receives first Airbus A400M transport 2 hours ago MADRID, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- Airbus Defense and Space has delivered the first of 27 Spanish-made A400M airlifters to the Spanish air force. Damen modifying patrol boats for Jamaica 2 hours ago GORINCHEM, Netherlands, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- Damen Shipyards Group of the Netherlands reports it is currently modifying two patrol boats it has sold to the Jamaica Defense Force. Rheinmetall to supply combat training technology for African country 19 hours ago BERLIN, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- Rheinmetall has received a contract to modernize and expand a live combat training facility from a country in the Middle East-North Africa region. Officials announce missile cooperation between U.K., France 20 hours ago PARIS, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- Government officials from Britain and France have agreed to cooperate further on missile defense development. South Korea to buy Large Aircraft Infrared Countermeasures from U.S. 21 hours ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- The U.S. State Department has approved a proposed foreign military sale of Large Aircraft Infrared Countermeasure systems to South Korea. State Dept. approves sale of 26 Predator B drones to U.K. 23 hours ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- The U.S. State Department has approved the proposed $1 billion sale of 26 Predator B unmanned aircraft and supporting equipment to Britain. U.S. Army contracts Leidos for Saturn Arch sustainment 1 day ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- The U.S. Army has awarded Leidos a $71 million contract modification to continue sustainment and integration operations for the Saturn Arch in Afghanistan. NSA gives Type1 certification to Harris radio 1 day ago ROCHESTER, N.Y., Nov. 17 (UPI) -- The manpack AN/PRC-117G radio by Harris Corporation has received Type-1 certification from the National Security Agency. Trending Stories Domino's tests drone delivery of pizza in New Zealand Top 10 most dangerous toys list includes Warcraft Doomhammer, Nerf gun Texas' Wolfcamp shale reserve may be largest ever assessed in U.S. China's first aircraft carrier 'combat ready' OPEC, Yellen give oil prices a lift UPI Photos Notable Deaths of 2016 In photos: Alicia Machado 2016 NY Comic Con In photos: Trump's 'silent majority' Celebrities turning 50 in 2016 Best of the 2016 MLB postseason Pregnant celebrities of 2016 Sasha and Malia Obama through the years ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Can new airlines bring Canada’s sky-high fares back to Earth? Three companies are working to bring the ultra-low-cost model to the country. NewLeaf Travel avoids Canada’s primary, higher-cost airports like Toronto Pearson and Vancouver International, just as Allegiant Travel Co. does larger U.S. airports.  (John Woods / THE CANADIAN PRESS FILE PHOTO)   By Justin BachmanBloomberg Mon., Sept. 12, 2016 Travel nearly anywhere in the world, and you’ll find cheap airlines offering no-frills service, from European giant Ryanair Holdings to Peach Aviation in Japan, flynas in Saudi Arabia and Spirit Airlines in the U.S. But head north of the border, and the aviation landscape is untouched by ultra-low-cost airlines. Canada ranks among the world’s most expensive countries to fly, thanks in part to high airport and security fees and limited competition, and service is meagre in many small and medium-sized cities. More than 60 per cent of Canada’s 36 million people live within 160 kilometres of the border, and many head south to fly; about 5 million cross the border each year for cheaper flights. Some cheaper fares may be en route. Three companies are working to bring the ultra-low-cost model to the country, where air travel is dominated two national airlines, Air Canada and WestJet Airlines Ltd. But higher operating costs make it hard for new airlines to survive, and the dominant airlines are sure to respond to upstarts offering lower fares. WestJet, for example, has already begun new nonstop service on two routes flown by the first of these newcomers. Article Continued Below Canada is one of just two nations in the Group of 20 largest economies without any ultra-low-cost carriers, or ULCCs. The other, Argentina, may see one next year as Irelandia Aviation — the Dublin-based investment firm that has established ULCCs like Ryanair in Europe and Allegiant Travel Co. in the U.S. — aims to expand its low-cost airline group Grupo Viva Aerobus there. Canada also charges higher security fees than most other nations — up to $25 per passenger — and its 26 largest airports must make annual payments to their municipalities in lieu of local taxes. A 2015 report to the Canadian transport minister, reviewing the nation’s transportation system, found air travel in Canada “marked by weak accountability constraints on fees and charges; high costs for users and operators; aggressive capital expenditure programs at airports; modest traffic volumes; and limited competition.” It recommended the government reform airport ownership structure and offer the aviation sector more federal financial aid, as the U.S. does. “There is no room for complacency,” it added. Canadians are eager for the expanded service and lower fares that ULCCs could provide, said Jim Young, chief executive of NewLeaf Travel Co., a “virtual” airline in its sixth week of operations, with three Boeing 737s flying to secondary airports in 11 cities nationwide. NewLeaf, based in Winnipeg, itself has no air certificates or airplanes. It sells tickets on an established carrier, Flair Airlines — a “wet lease” arrangement that lets NewLeaf escape many of the costly aspects of being an airline. Flair staffs and maintains the fleet and sells capacity to NewLeaf. Canadians “understand the business model — they understand the fees, they understand that you pay for what you consume,” Young said in a telephone interview. Canada is among the most expensive places for air travel — 70th out of 75 nations, in terms of the average cost to fly 100 kilometres, at $38.71, according to data released last week by the online travel agency Kiwi.com. (Only Japan, the Netherlands, Qatar, Finland and the United Arab Emirates had more expensive fares, according to Kiwi; the U.S. was 17th, with India the cheapest place to fly.) The country’s high airport fees limit the traffic-stimulating effect that lower fares can have for low-cost airlines elsewhere, but flying to smaller, cheaper airports increases the odds of success, said NewLeaf’s chairman Ben Baldanza, calling the company the “the only ULCC option that I have seen in Canada that makes sense to me.” Baldanza, who was previously chief executive at Spirit, is also a “small investor” in the Canadian startup and serves on the board of Iceland-based low-cost carrier WOW Air. NewLeaf avoids Canada’s primary, higher-cost airports like Toronto Pearson and Vancouver International, just as Allegiant Travel Co. does larger U.S. airports. In Canada, secondary airport fees are generally far lower than those at major airports, which is why a low-cost airline such as NewLeaf looks to towns like Hamilton over Toronto, or Abbotsford instead of Vancouver, Baldanza said. Price is the prime selling point in the ULCC model: Fares begin under $40, and in many cases well under $40. In China, for example, Spring Airlines sells tickets for as little as 99 yuan ($14.82). The U.S. has three such carriers — Spirit, Allegiant, and Frontier Airlines Holdings Inc. — and all have been expanding voraciously. Because of Canada’s higher costs, fares there won’t be as low as other nations enjoy. But executives at all three of Canada’s fledgling ULCCs say they aim to underprice Air Canada and WestJet by 25 per cent to 35 per cent. Calgary-based Enerjet is a charter operator that flies oil- and gas-field workers in northern Alberta and does contract work for Air Transat, another Canadian charter carrier. Now, it is transitioning to the ultra-low-cost model. Enerjet has been “hunkered down” for more than a year amid the collapse in oil prices and western Canada’s depressed economy, said Darcy Morgan, the company’s chief commercial officer; his brother Tim, a WestJet co-founder, is its CEO. The company leases three Boeing 737-700s and wants to begin a new ULCC tentatively called Flytoo. (It was first called Jet Naked for its knack for drawing publicity, but that name was abandoned.) Enerjet is working to raise $80 million and hopes to begin Flytoo service by year’s end. A third company, Calgary-based Canada Jetlines Ltd., is trying to raise $50 million and begin flying from major Canadian cities to U.S. sun destinations like Las Vegas, Phoenix and Los Angeles this year or next. Jetlines has ordered five new Boeing 737 Max aircraft for its future expansion, with options for 16 more. Initially, Jetlines plans to expand to a half dozen 737-700s in its first year and to list shares publicly. The airline plans to offer fares 30 percent cheaper than Air Canada and WestJet but also to avoid direct competition with both, said Jim Scott, Jetlines’ president and chief executive officer. “The passengers that we [will] move are not the passengers that Air Canada and WestJet want, anyway,” Scott said. “The focus in Canada is on the business traveler or the frequent flier. I always say everyone who gets boarded before I get boarded is the [passenger] they’re interested in.” During the winter, all three low-cost airlines will look south to Mexico, the U.S. and the Caribbean, as Canadians seek warmer-weather respites. “I think there’s a chance to make more money in the winter than [NewLeaf does] in the summer,” Baldanza said of NewLeaf and its focus on smaller cities. “The reality is that people who live in Moncton want to get warm just like people who live in Toronto want to get warm in the winter.” As with nearly any airline startup, financing has been lean for all three companies so far. Scott attributes that to Canada’s conservative investment climate-where preventing losses is paramount, dwarfing a focus on the upside potential, and where realism outweighs the dream of a huge payday. And in a nation with near-duopoly air service, airline upstarts have had a spotty record, as well as some high-profile failures in the last 15 years — including low-cost operator Jetsgo and smaller leisure-oriented carrier Harmony Airways. To help their funding efforts, both Enerjet and Jetlines have asked to be exempted from Canada’s 25 per cent cap on foreign investment in airlines, in the hopes of selling as much as a 49 per cent stake to non-Canadian investors. Those exemption requests are opposed by South Beach Capital Partners, an investment group formed by Manitoba First Nations indigenous peoples that took a financial stake in NewLeaf Travel in June; Canada’s transport minister is expected to decide on the requests later this year. That foreign ownership cap was one of the aspects of Canadian air travel that last year’s federal transportation report pointed to, advocating for raising it. “In contrast to larger markets like the U.S., there may not be enough capital in Canada to finance 75 per cent of a new national carrier,” said the report, overseen by David Emerson, a former Cabinet minister, Vancouver airport executive and member of Parliament. The report also recommended sweeping changes in airport funding, airport capital spending programs, security and visa systems. Tim Morgan, the Enerjet CEO, thinks the Canadian market, once properly stimulated with low fares, could support “more than 50” planes flying in the ultra-low-cost model — “and maybe even 100, or more than 100,” he said in a telephone interview. “And that’s without affecting the major carriers.” Read more about: United States The Morning Headlines NewsletterDelivered daily to your inbox. Sign up More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 12°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Three NBA teams won’t stay at Trump hotels this season Bucks attempted to cancel reservations at Chicago’s Trump International Tower and Hotel in preseason and staying elsewhere for their other two games against Bulls. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: U.S. Election Trump Fact Check Blue Jays Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2016 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
FRI, NOV 18, 2016 | 9 °C Sunny Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search News Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 37 minutes ago Kanye West booed as he endorses Trump SAN JOSE, Calif. - Kanye West says he didn't vote in the presidential... Latest News SEE MORE Quick-switch diamond thieves plead guilty Armed forces member faces drug charge Canada to put $54 million into Haiti Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com 2 hours ago Volkswagen to shed 30,000 jobs to cut costs after scandal Automaker Volkswagen said Friday it will shed 30,000 jobs to cut costs as... Latest Business News SEE MORE It’s Canada’s time to shine, Beatty says Sudden rise in interest rates could cause home prices to drop 30 per cent: CMHC Bauer Hockey needs two judges to referee bankruptcy auction Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 54 minutes ago Jaguars LB Smith returns to team after brother's death Jaguars LB Smith returns to team after brother's death Latest Sports News SEE MORE Army staring at a rare opportunity - securing a bowl bid Lafontaine named Cycling Canada CEO Syracuse hosts No. 17 Florida State in key game for both Arts & Entertainment Books Contests Dining Out Music Events Movies TV Listings Wow Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region 27 minutes ago Craig David took fitness training too far Craig David became obsessed with working out ahead of his musical comeback. Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Glenda Jackson in talks to take King Lear to Broadway Eva Longoria and Victoria Beckham have regular pyjama parties Coldplay launch global film project Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 3 hours ago WEALTH MATTERS: The difference between financial planning and investment planning Financial planning and investment planning refer to distinct parts of an... Cartoon-Nov. 15 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Winners Crowdfunding What's Trending Waterloo Region Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness Small Business Week 22 hours ago Online audit tool can improve the energy efficiency of your home through retrofits Your energy dollars may literally be flying out of your window. However, if... Latest Stories SEE MORE Study sheds light on fracking-caused earthquakes Jeep’s most hated model gets massive makeover, instantly becomes more lovable Get paid for completing energy-saving retrofits in your home Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 56 minutes ago ‘I’m not normal’ — the quirky genius that is Alton Brown Alton Brown thinks about food differently than you do. You don’t get... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Nurse addicted to opiates warns that ‘it can happen to anyone’ Does using social media make you more likely to cheat? In the Garden: Space station houseplants for the home Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals YourClassifieds.ca Steelhead Trout Fillet discount: 45% | value: $55.00 | You Save: $25.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days Paint your siding, save money Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca Steelhead Trout Fillet discount: 45% | value: $55.00 | You Save: $25.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days Carpet padding helps give your carpet that ‘Like New’ look Home News Business Can new airlines bring Canada’s sky-high fares... | Sep 12, 2016  |  Vote 0    0 Can new airlines bring Canada’s sky-high fares back to Earth? NewLeaf Scott Gardner,The Hamilton Spectator The inaugural flight of NewLeaf Travel Company left John C. Munro International Airport on a Flair Airlines Ltd. Boeing 737 on July 25 NewLeaf Handout,The Hamilton Spectator NewLeaf Travel bills itself as Canada's first ultra low-cost airline. next play/pause pre Hamilton Spectator By Justin Bachman Travel nearly anywhere in the world, and you'll find cheap airlines offering no-frills service, from European giant Ryanair Holdings to Peach Aviation in Japan, flynas in Saudi Arabia and Spirit Airlines in the U.S. But head north of the border, and the aviation landscape is untouched by ultra-low-cost airlines. Canada ranks among the world's most expensive countries to fly, thanks in part to high airport and security fees and limited competition, and service is meagre in many small and medium-sized cities. More than 60 per cent of Canada's 36 million people live within 100 miles of the border, and many head south to fly; about 5 million cross the border each year for cheaper flights. [ Low-cost carrier NewLeaf launches with flight from Hamilton ] "Griping about the cost of air travel in this country is as endemic as bitching about the weather-it's as if nothing can be done about either of them," a columnist for Canada's National Post wrote in June. Some cheaper fares may be en route. Three companies are working to bring the ultra-low-cost model to the country, where air travel is dominated two national airlines, Air Canada and WestJet Airlines Ltd. But higher operating costs make it hard for new airlines to survive, and the dominant airlines are sure to respond to upstarts offering lower fares. WestJet, for example, has already begun new nonstop service on two routes flown by the first of these newcomers. Canada is one of just two nations in the Group of 20 largest economies without any ultra-low-cost carriers, or ULCCs. The other, Argentina, may see one next year as Irelandia Aviation — the Dublin-based investment firm that has established ULCCs like Ryanair in Europe and Allegiant Travel Co. in the U.S.-aims to expand its low-cost airline group Grupo Viva Aerobus there. Canada also charges higher security fees than most other nations-up to $25 per passenger- and its 26 largest airports must make annual payments to their municipalities in lieu of local taxes. A 2015 report to the Canadian transport minister, reviewing the nation's transportation system, found air travel in Canada "marked by weak accountability constraints on fees and charges; high costs for users and operators; aggressive capital expenditure programs at airports; modest traffic volumes; and limited competition." It recommended the government reform airport ownership structure and offer the aviation sector more federal financial aid, as the U.S. does. "There is no room for complacency," it added. Canadians are eager for the expanded service and lower fares that ULCCs could provide, said Jim Young, chief executive of NewLeaf Travel Co., a "virtual" airline in its sixth week of operations, with three Boeing 737s flying to secondary airports in 11 cities nationwide. NewLeaf, based in Winnipeg, Manitoba, itself has no air certificates or airplanes. It sells tickets on an established carrier, Flair Airlines-a " wet lease" arrangement that lets NewLeaf escape many of the costly aspects of being an airline. Flair staffs and maintains the fleet and sells capacity to NewLeaf. Canadians "understand the business model-they understand the fees, they understand that you pay for what you consume," Young said in a telephone interview. Canada is among the most expensive places for air travel- 70th out of 75 nations, in terms of the average cost to fly 100 kilometres, at $38.71, according to data released this week by the online travel agency Kiwi.com. (Only Japan, the Netherlands, Qatar, Finland and the United Arab Emirates had more expensive fares, according to Kiwi; t he U.S. was 17th, with India the cheapest place to fly.) The country's high airport fees limit the traffic-stimulating effect that lower fares can have for low-cost airlines elsewhere, but flying to smaller, cheaper airports increases the odds of success, said NewLeaf's chair Ben Baldanza, calling the company the "the only ULCC option that I have seen in Canada that makes sense to me." Baldanza, who was previously chief executive at Spirit, is also a "small investor" in the Canadian startup and serves on the board of Iceland-based low-cost carrier WOW Air. NewLeaf eschews Canada's primary, higher-cost airports like Toronto Pearson and Vancouver International, just as Allegiant Travel Co. does larger U.S. airports. In Canada, secondary airport fees are generally far lower than those at major airports, which is why a low-cost airline such as NewLeaf looks to towns like Hamilton over Toronto, or Abbotsford instead of Vancouver, Baldanza said. Price is the prime selling point in the ULCC model: Fares begin under $40, and in many cases well under $40. In China, for example, Spring Airlines sells tickets for as little as 99 yuan ($14.82). The U.S. has three such carriers-Spirit, Allegiant, and Frontier Airlines Holdings Inc.-and all have been expanding voraciously. Because of Canada's higher costs, fares there won't be as low as other nations enjoy. But executives at all three of Canada's fledgling ULCCs say they aim to underprice Air Canada and WestJet by 25 per cent to 35 per cent. Calgary-based Enerjet is a charter operator that flies oil- and gas-field workers in northern Alberta and does contract work for Air Transat, another Canadian charter carrier. Now, it is transitioning to the ultra-low-cost model. Enerjet has been "hunkered down" for more than a year amid the collapse in oil prices and western Canada's depressed economy, said Darcy Morgan, the company's chief commercial officer; his brother Tim, a WestJet co-founder, is its CEO. The company leases three Boeing 737-700s and wants to begin a new ULCC tentatively called Flytoo. (It was first called Jet Naked for its knack for drawing publicity, but that name was abandoned.) Enerjet is working to raise C$80 million ($61 million) and hopes to begin Flytoo service by year's end. A third company, Calgary-based Canada Jetlines Ltd., is trying to raise C$50 million ($38 million) and begin flying from major Canadian cities to U.S. sun destinations like Las Vegas, Phoenix and Los Angeles this year or next. Jetlines has ordered five new Boeing 737 Max aircraft for its future expansion, with options for 16 more. Initially, Jetlines plans to expand to a half dozen 737-700s in its first year and to list shares publicly. The airline plans to offer fares 30 per cent cheaper than Air Canada and WestJet but also to avoid direct competition with both, said Jim Scott, Jetlines' president and chief executive officer. "The passengers that we [will] move are not the passengers that Air Canada and WestJet want, anyway," Scott said. "The focus in Canada is on the business traveller or the frequent flyer. I always say everyone who gets boarded before I get boarded is the [passenger] they're interested in." During the winter, all three low-cost airlines will look south to Mexico, the U.S. and the Caribbean, as Canadians seek warmer-weather respites. "I think there's a chance to make more money in the winter than [NewLeaf does] in the summer," Baldanza said of NewLeaf and its focus on smaller cities. "The reality is that people who live in Moncton want to get warm just like people who live in Toronto want to get warm in the winter." As with nearly any airline startup, financing has been lean for all three companies so far. Scott attributes that to Canada's conservative investment climate-where preventing losses is paramount, dwarfing a focus on the upside potential, and where realism outweighs the dream of a huge payday. And in a nation with near-duopoly air service, airline upstarts have had a spotty record, as well as some high-profile failures in the last 15 years-including low-cost operator Jetsgo and smaller leisure-oriented carrier Harmony Airways. To help their funding efforts, both Enerjet and Jetlines have asked to be exempted from Canada's 25 per cent cap on foreign investment in airlines, in the hopes of selling as much as a 49 per cent stake to non-Canadian investors. Those exemption requests are opposed by South Beach Capital Partners, an investment group formed by Manitoba First Nations indigenous peoples that took a financial stake in NewLeaf Travel in June; Canada's transport minister is expected to decide on the requests later this year. That foreign ownership cap was one of the aspects of Canadian air travel that last year's federal transportation report pointed to, advocating for raising it. "In contrast to larger markets like the U.S., there may not be enough capital in Canada to finance 75 per cent of a new national carrier," said the report, overseen by David Emerson, a former Cabinet minister, Vancouver airport executive and member of Parliament. The report also recommended sweeping changes in airport funding, airport capital spending programs, security and visa systems. Tim Morgan, the Enerjet CEO, thinks the Canadian market, once properly stimulated with low fares, could support "more than 50" planes flying in the ultra-low-cost model-"and maybe even 100, or more than 100," he said in a telephone interview. "And that's without affecting the major carriers." Bloomberg | (3) Comment By Robert | SEPTEMBER 12, 2016 06:07 PM There are no new airlines that service Waterloo Region. This story is in the Waterloo Record. I can fly from Niagara Falls NY to NYC for 50 bucks. The same flight is hundreds of dollars-- even with "discount" Canadian airlines. This story has little to do with the people in Waterloo Region. Not sure why it is in the Waterloo Record newspaper website. 0   1 Report as Offensive By Stephen | SEPTEMBER 12, 2016 12:14 PM Don't complain about high air fare prices in Canada. Just don't fly in Canada. Let your wallet do the talking. 2   2 Report as Offensive By Mike | SEPTEMBER 12, 2016 11:51 AM Remember Royal, Canada 3000, Canjet, Skyservice, Worldways, Greyhound, Nationair, Roots, Zoom and dozens of smaller ones. Remember when WestJet was considered low cost. 3   0 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Most Read SEE MORE Couple stunned by 3,600 per cent increase in water bill A father’s revenge: Man who gunned down daughter’s rapist going to prison Leonard Cohen’s cause of death released: He fell Top Chef finalist takes charge at the Charcoal Kitchener driver convicted in crash that killed tot In Your Neighbourhood Today Why you should go with high-end wipers for your next project Any repair technician can tell you why keeping your workspace clean is important, and with... Laser therapy reduces rosacea symptoms, rejuvenates skin Couture Laser Clinic in Guelph, Ontario, is reputed for providing safe, non-invasive laser therapy... 8 ways to help improve your credit score 2016 is here and many of us are looking for ways to become more financially savvy, pay off debts... Critical illness insurance: Safety net for serious health conditions Critical illness insurance is a type of health insurance that can be invaluable to you and your... Custom-built PCs: The made-to-order PC solution PC Depot in Cambridge is an expert IT solution provider, whether your needs involve large business... Mouse in the house? Deal with it now If you are experiencing a problem with mice in your home, Marshalls Pest Control in Kitchener can... Same great practice but new location for local chiropractic clinic Rockway Chiropractic Clinic in Kitchener has been helping patients in a big way for more than 21... Regular dental visits keep your mouth healthier for longer Dr. Michael Bensky at the Highland Dental Office in Kitchener specializes in preventative,... Dave Hurst Plumbing & Heating Inc. can get to the bottom of your home's water problems Water is an essential part of all of our lives, so when it comes to ensuring the water in your home... There are a variety of knitting tools at Shall We Knit? Shall We Knit? in Waterloo, Ontario, knows that each project you knit requires not only the right... Tips to optimize your PC performance PC Depot in Cambridge has over 20 years in business providing IT and networking expertise to... Bed bug nightmare: How to deal with it Marshalls Pest Control has been serving the Kitchener-Waterloo area for more than 55 years. One of... WEALTH MATTERS: Debunking common robo advisor myths Robo advisors have become a popular alternative to traditional financial advisors, and their... The right short term loan Not every loan is perfect, but the right one can set your credit in the right direction. While it... Cut years off your complexion with a customized skin care program Couture Laser Clinic in Guelph, Ontario, offers cutting-edge cosmetic services and skin care... Trust Dave Hurst Plumbing & Heating Inc. with your home's pipes Kitchener’s Dave Hurst Plumbing & Heating Inc. knows your pipes see a lot every day, and sometimes... 5 ways for business owners to understand the competition When it comes to running a successful business venture, there's more to it than keeping an eye on... Fitness classes 101: What you’ll find at the W.G. Johnson Centre The W.G. Johnson Centre in Cambridge, Ontario, is a popular recreation centre that offers a host of... Improved practices result in real savings Being knowledgeable about energy consumption and costs is a good idea for all of us, but it’s... Traditional food, fun served at St. Agatha restaurant Kennedy's Restaurant & Catering in St. Agatha, Ontario, has been in business for more than 150... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   A Large Pizza or a Family Feast $10 View Deal 70% off Dining $6 View Deal 54% off Striploin Steaks $80 View Deal 42% off Canadian Haddock $35 View Deal Sockeye Alaskan Salmon Fillets $50 View Deal 42% off Stir-Fry Argentinian Shrimp $35 View Deal 43% off Boston Blue Fish Fillets $20 View Deal Steelhead Trout Fillet $30 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Volkswagen to shed 30,000 jobs to cut costs after scandal It’s Canada’s time to shine, Beatty says Sudden rise in interest rates could cause home prices to drop 30 per cent: CMHC Bauer Hockey needs two judges to referee bankruptcy auction Apple wants OLED in iPhones, but most suppliers aren’t ready The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca HockeyNow.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
null
Latest News Dow 18,874 -29.93 -0.16% Nasdaq 5,321 -13.36 -0.25% S&P 500 2,183 -4.50 -0.21% 11:24 A.M. ET Updated Treasury yields turn higher; 10-year above 2.3% 11:10 A.M. ET FanDuel, DraftKings announce merger plans 11:08 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 11:07 A.M. ET Updated How the dollar rally could threaten corporate earnings 11:05 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 11:04 A.M. ET Updated 4 reasons why a strong dollar may sink the stock-market rally in 2017 11:02 A.M. ET Updated Stock market’s ‘Trump rally’ is mostly a bank rally 11:01 A.M. ET Updated Here are Goldman’s 2017 forecasts for stocks, oil and more — in one chart 11:00 A.M. ET Updated Dollar extends climb to 10th session as Yellen refuels the bulls 10:59 A.M. ET Kanye says he would have voted for Trump, if he had bothered to go to the polls 10:47 A.M. ET Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 10:46 A.M. ET How to be smarter than the gadgets in your home this holiday season​ 10:43 A.M. ET U.S. stocks turn lower; major indexes down about 0.2% 10:42 A.M. ET Updated What President-elect Trump means for every U.S. industry 10:42 A.M. ET Updated Trump’s plans for trade and foreign policy could end up hurting the U.S. 10:40 A.M. ET This is how savings experts do their holiday shopping 10:38 A.M. ET Breaking Treasury yields turn higher; 10-year up 0.7 basis point at 2.308% 10:36 A.M. ET Updated Here’s when markets close on Black Friday 10:36 A.M. ET Updated The euro is on its longest losing streak ever 10:27 A.M. ET Updated Gold slides toward $1,200, set for second-straight weekly decline Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until London Markets Close Currencies Futures Metals Stocks Home Press Release New Parks Program to Support Post-9/11 Veterans By Published: Sept 12, 2016 9:33 a.m. ET Share WASHINGTON, Sept. 12, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The Boeing Company [NYSE: BA] has elevated its commitment to veterans across the nation with the announcement of its philanthropic grants to the National Park Foundation (NPF) and The Mission Continues to support a programmatic partnership between The Mission Continues and the National Park Service (NPS). The Veterans in Parks program, launched during the centennial year for both Boeing and the NPS, supports and expands opportunities for volunteer service and career development for post-9/11 veterans within the hundreds of National Park Service sites and programs nationwide. "Veterans have answered the call of duty time and again, and through our partnership with Boeing, we have the opportunity to give back to the incredible women and men who have sacrificed so much to protect our country by connecting them with our national parks," said Will Shafroth, president of the National Park Foundation, the official charity of America's national parks. "Not only can parks provide a career path, but they can also serve as settings for reflection and healing. We are grateful that, together with Boeing and The Mission Continues, we will connect more veterans to our national park community."  In 2014, Boeing connected NPF, the official nonprofit partner of NPS, and The Mission Continues, a non-profit focused on providing career and service opportunities to post-9/11 veterans, with a planning grant to develop a public-private partnership to help returning veterans build careers and engage in volunteer service protecting, restoring, and rebuilding America's natural and cultural resources. Built around a strong volunteer ethos towards service alongside communities, this programmatic partnership will help to significantly expand national park access and services to America's underserved young veteran population.   "Boeing and its employees are deeply committed to supporting our nation's military personnel, veterans and their families," said John Blazey, Boeing's vice president of Global Corporate Citizenship. "As we celebrate our centennial year, we recognize the service and sacrifice of our veteran workforce and the unique role this community has played in the success of our company over the past century. That's why we are proud to partner with the National Park Foundation and The Mission Continues – developing pathways for military personnel and veterans to build better lives for themselves, their families, and their communities." On Sunday, September 11, the Veterans in Parks program officially kicked off at a service event hosted by The Mission Continues at Fort Battery Ricketts Park in Washington, DC, a national park site. Fort Battery Ricketts, within the Civil War Defenses of Washington, was constructed after the Battle of First Manassas in a larger attempt to fortify the city.  Despite the park's rich history and prime location in the city, it has been underutilized by the surrounding community. Yesterday, more than 100 military veterans, supporters, and Boeing employees came together to beautify the park and to make it more accessible and attractive to local residents.  "I'm very proud that we have developed such a strong partnership with our veteran community. Veterans represent many of the ideals the National Park Service holds near and dear; serving our nation and preserving our country's resources," said National Park Service Director Jonathan B. Jarvis. "We appreciate that the veterans supporting the Mission Continues have chosen national parks as one of their major focus areas. Their work will go a long way in ensuring these culturally and historically rich spaces will be accessible to generations of visitors." This year marks the 15 [th] anniversary of the September 11 attacks. The Mission Continues organized the event at Fort Battery Ricketts to honor Operation Iraqi Freedom (OIF) and Operation Enduring Freedom (OEF) veterans who fought and sacrificed in the wake of 9/11 and who now continue to serve at home, strengthening our communities through service. Boeing funds The Mission Continues Service Platoon that led the 9/11 Project at Fort Battery Ricketts Park in Washington, DC. The event gathered multiple service platoons from The Mission Continues as well as Boeing, NPS, and NPF employees working toward a common objective: rehabilitation and beautification of the park to create a safe space for the community to play, learn, work, and serve. The project is a great example of how the Veterans in Parks program will engage veterans in service and careers with NPS. "Our nation's military veterans have joined with the National Park Service and, through our partnership with the National Park Foundation and Boeing, are now serving in national parks across the country.  We recognize the incredible value that the parks provide, both as a tremendous career opportunity, and as a national resource to be treasured and protected," said Mary Beth Bruggeman, Marine Corps veteran (OIF) and executive director for the southeast at The Mission Continues. "We also see the opportunity for veterans to ensure that the value of the national parks is visible and accessible to our most underserved urban communities. Through this partnership, we hope to continue our mission making a generational impact on communities."  ABOUT THE BOEING COMPANYBoeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. In addition, Boeing supports airlines and U.S. and allied government customers in more than 150 countries. The company's products and tailored services include commercial and military aircraft, satellites, weapons, electronic and defense systems, launch systems, advanced information and communication systems, and performance-based logistics and training. Boeing employs approximately 160,000 people across the United States and in more than 65 countries. Company revenues for 2015 were $96 billion. ABOUT THE MISSION CONTINUESThe Mission Continues is a national nonprofit organization that empowers veterans who are adjusting to life at home to find purpose through community impact. Our operations in cities across the country deploy veteran volunteers alongside non-profit partners and community leaders to solve some of the most challenging issues facing our communities: improving community education resources, eliminating food deserts, mentoring at-risk youth and more. Through this unique model, veterans build new skills and networks that help them successfully reintegrate to life after the military while making long-term, sustainable transformations in communities and inspiring future generations to serve. To learn more, visit: www.missioncontinues.org or follow us on Twitter @missioncontinue. ABOUT THE NATIONAL PARK SERVICE More than 20,000 National Park Service employees care for America's 413 national parks and work with communities across the nation to help preserve local history and create close-to-home recreational opportunities. Learn more at www.nps.gov. ABOUT THE NATIONAL PARK FOUNDATION The National Park Foundation is the official charity of America's national parks and nonprofit partner to the National Park Service. Chartered by Congress in 1967, the National Park Foundation raises private funds to help PROTECT more than 84 million acres of national parks through critical conservation and preservation efforts, CONNECT all Americans with their incomparable natural landscapes, vibrant culture and rich history, and INSPIRE the next generation of park stewards.  In 2016, commemorating the National Park Service's 100th anniversary, the Foundation launched The Centennial Campaign for America's National Parks, a $350 million comprehensive fundraising campaign to strengthen and enhance the future of these national treasures for the next hundred years.  Find out more and become a part of the national park community at www.nationalparks.org. MEDIA CONTACT: Alanna Sobel 202-796-2538 asobel@nationalparks.org Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140324/DC89075LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-parks-program-to-support-post-911-veterans-300326114.html SOURCE National Park Foundation Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate An airy three-bedroom loft with private elevator access in Manhattan’s Flatiron district View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
SUNDAY TIMES - Zuma's R500m backup Boeing is on its way 206.196.187.182, 206.196.187.182, 127.0.0.1 Times Live The Times Rewards Subscribe Login Close Please enter your login details Email Password New Subscriber Forgot Password / Username? Existing Subscriber? Free Digital Upgrade Please verify your details Name Surname Email Password Contimue News Investigations The Power Report Best of International Opinion & Analysis Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Business Careers Investments Opinion Lifestyle Entertainment Opinion Weddings Books Travel Photographer of the Year Competition Home & Decor Gardening Food Recipes Fashion Beauty Competitions Multimedia Search News Opinion & Analysis Sport Business Lifestyle Travel Home & Decor Food Fashion & Beauty Real Heroes Competitions Multimedia Contact Us Sunday Times Subscribe Facebook Twitter Settings Instagram Settings Search Login Close News Opinion & Analysis Sport Business Lifestyle Travel Decor Fashion & Beauty Food Loading Weekend rain‚ thundershowers predicted for Gauteng‚ Mpumalanga‚ KwaZulu-Natal and Eastern Cape Ramaphosa says ‘imminent’ minimum wage agreement will be ‘seminal moment’ Van Breda’s defence team wants to scrutinise forensic evidence against the alleged axe murder Kids who drink whole-fat milk slimmer than those who drink low-fat Wits says consensus reached on two exam sittings SA attraction makes National Geographic Traveler's 'must-visit' list for 2017 Car crash or smash hit? Here are the first reviews of Hammond, Clarkson & May's 'Grand Tour' More than just beds: Airbnb Trips launches in Cape Town Famous Marilyn Monroe dress sells for over R70-million Sunday Times News By STEPHAN HOFSTATTER, 2016-09-11 00:00:00.0 Zuma's R500m backup Boeing is on its way The presidential jet Inkwazi according to aviation experts is in perfect working order despite reports to the contrary. Image: PLANESPOTTERSNET The air force plans to spend about R500-million on an 18-month lease of a second luxury jet for President Jacob Zuma that aviation experts say he doesn't need. This is a stop-gap measure while the South African Air Force buys a second presidential jet at an estimated additional cost to taxpayers of between R1-billion and R2.8-billion. Aviation experts and industry sources say all these expenses are unnecessary, that 21 Squadron at Air Force Base Waterkloof has enough smaller aircraft for local and regional VIP flights, and that the luxury presidential jet Inkwazi is in perfect working order despite reports to the contrary. They also describe a short-term lease for a long-range luxury jet as the "worst possible option" because the costs are prohibitive. Tender documents seen by the Sunday Times reveal the air force wants to lease an aircraft similar to Inkwazi, a Boeing Business Jet based on the 737-700, to start operating from Waterkloof on October 1. Is Zuma's plane being downed by a lack of trained engineers and mechanics? The tender, which was issued on August 18 and closed this week, is for a luxury intercontinental business jet capable of flying 10,000km without refuelling. It is understood that five companies put in bids. The presidential alcove must consist of "private sleeping accommodation (double bed) and wardrobe facilities for two people", a shower and toilet, and be "configured to provide total privacy". There must also be "a separate private conference area" for at least six people. This means Zuma will have two luxury intercontinental jets flying at the same time. Once the short-term lease on the second jet expires, the air force wants to buy the president an even fancier jet capable of flying 13,300km that will cost between R1-billion and R2.8-billion. Industry insiders who spoke on condition of anonymity said the short-term lease tender raised several red flags. The tender requires a so-called "wet lease", which means the owner provides the crew, maintenance and insurance. This will make costs rocket. There are no South African-owned Boeing Business Jets available, and the short-lease term means banks won't finance anyone wanting to buy one to lease it to the air force. This means the aircraft will be leased from a foreign company through a local partner or agent. The company will have to repaint the aircraft, register it in South Africa and employ a local crew. Three industry experts said that under these conditions, the 18-month lease would cost between $1.5-million and $2-million a month, which comes to a total of about R500-million at the current exchange rate. "It's ridiculous - you can buy an aircraft for that," said one. Several sources said Zuma's refusal to use smaller aircraft for short trips was the root cause of the air force's need to buy and lease big, luxury aircraft. Apart from Inkwazi, 21 Squadron has three Dassault Falcons and two Cessna Citations, but Zuma has insisted on using the Boeing Business Jet for short hops to Nkandla, Sun City or Harare. There is absolutely nothing wrong with Inkwazi. This aircraft is in 100% condition and it's sitting there gathering dust "This is a spending spree and a waste of money," said another source. "There is no logical reason for not flying Inkwazi." Their concerns were echoed by aviation expert Darren Olivier and South African National Defence Union leader Pikkie Greeff. "All indications are that Inkwazi has flown fewer than 10,000 flight cycles and is accumulating them at far fewer than 1,000 a year. It can keep flying for decades before it becomes unsafe," said Olivier. The air force's main transport aircraft, refurbished Dakotas and C130s, are 50 to 70 years old. "Both types are in urgent need of replacement, yet it appears a VIP plane has priority." He calculated the air force had only about R840-million a year available from its R6.8-billion budget for operational costs. "A third of the operational budget might be sucked up by this lease." Greeff said maintenance staff had assured him "there is absolutely nothing wrong with Inkwazi. This aircraft is in 100% condition and it's sitting there gathering dust." It was a matter of great concern that paying for another presidential jet came out of the air force's operational budget, "which is already depleted". Zuma's spokesman, Bongani Ngqulunga, said the air force was responsible for providing a presidential aircraft. "The SAAF makes the determination regarding what's suitable for use. The Presidency does not have the expertise or mandate in this regard." South African National Defence Force spokesman Siphiwe Dlamini said Inkwazi's "many technical challenges" were well documented. Demand for flying VIPs had increased dramatically and was "in excess of approximately 600 hours per annum for the Presidency alone". He said 21 Squadron had to be able to fly the president and deputy president simultaneously. The squadron needed a jet on standby if the presidential jet was being serviced. He said Armscor was investigating buying an aircraft directly from SAA "as part of the many options that are currently under way for the capacitation of the SAAF 21 Squadron". stephanh@sundaytimes.co.za Don't miss out on this story Login, upgrade or subscribe to continue reading. Login Email Password Forgot Username/Password? Login failed. Your username or password is incorrect Subscribe now Print + Digital + Rewards for R107/month. Subscribe Sunday Times print subscriber? Upgrade now to get a FREE digital subscription. Don't miss out on this story Login, upgrade or subscribe to continue reading. Login Subscribe Now Sunday Times print subscriber? Upgrade now to get a FREE digital subscription. You might also like Acsa staff call for probe into corruption after spin doctor was paid R9m Danish filmmaker vindicated by wine farm probe Health minister announces new steps to tackle premature births‚ infant mortality Cape Town was fair in firing speeding law enforcement officer‚ Labour Court rules African countries can reform the ICC from the inside out: ISS Crawford-Browne to fight on after ConCourt ‘ducks the political hot potato’ of the arms deal Muthambi defends Hlaudi re-appointment Fishing rights under the spotlight in PE protest Black First Land First lays charges against Johann Rupert‚ Thabo Mbeki‚ Trevor Manuel and others over R26bn reserve bank 'theft' Trump shuffles transition team, eyes loyalists for Cabinet Prasa chair pays back R680 000 for extra board meetings‚ other board members ordered to follow suit Diversified miners lose out as investors move to financials and retailers IN PICTURES: World looks up to gaze at extra bright 'supermoon' CPUT exams postponed after petrol bomb attack UCT rapist gets 9 life sentences South Africa must take heed: ignoring inequality and race got Trump elected EFF reasserts support for land occupation as Malema appears in court Robber turns to law, but the law picks up his lies Previous Next Is Test = Times Media Group © Fri Nov 18 18:29:40 SAST 2016 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
Skip to Content Skip to Navigation ABC Radio Australia Internationalchange International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Change site International International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Tok Pisin Tok Pisin News and features from Australia in Tok Pisin and English Français French News and current affairs from Australia in French and English for the Pacific ျမန္မာ Burmese News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Burmese and English ខ្មែរ Khmer News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Khmer and English Primary Links News Latest stories Features Featured topics Asia Australia Business Pacific Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Featured Programs Pacific Beat Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Search ABC Radio Australia Keywords Advanced search Home \ News MH370: Possible debris could prove fire theory in Malaysia Airlines missing plane mystery MH370: Possible debris could prove fire theory in Malaysia Airlines missing plane mystery Print Share this story MH370: Possible debris could prove fire theory in Malaysia Airlines missing plane mystery Updated 12 September 2016, 17:50 AEST By Peter Lloyd New wreckage that may be from missing Malaysia Airlines flight 370 could be the first proof for the theory that the missing plane was exposed to intense heat or fire, a self-styled investigator says. Debris was found off Mosambique in March this year. (Credit: ABC licensed)  New wreckage that may be from missing Malaysia Airlines flight 370 could be the first proof for the theory that the plane was exposed to intense heat or fire. Key points: New debris could prove there was a fire onboard the plane It has similar honeycomb pattern unique to Boeing's composite materials Victims relatives want Malaysia to hand the investigation over The debris was brought to Australia and handed to officials at the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) in Canberra this morning. If the debris is confirmed to be from flight 370, it would support the theory that an onboard fire crippled the Boeing 777's systems, leaving pilots struggling to get back to safety before being overwhelmed by fumes or lack of oxygen. It was found on the coast of Madagascar, the huge island nation off the southeast coast of Africa where the majority of suspected debris has come ashore so far. Blaine Gibson, an American lawyer turned self-styled investigator into the mystery of flight 370, has brought more suspected and confirmed pieces of wreckage back from Africa than anyone else. "I am bringing these [new pieces of debris] over to ATSB, which will give the absolute best forensic analysis and investigation possible," he told the ABC. "There are two that have burned and singe marks on them, and if those are found to be from Malaysia 370 and if it is discovered that the fire took place before the crash, then this is a real game changer that could help identify what was the cause of the planes demise. External Link: MH370 Debris, Channel 7 Tweet "I'd add that of these five pieces, three of them are from the fuselage." While it remains too soon to know whether Mr Gibson's theory as to the provenance of the objects was correct, the new debris has the honeycomb pattern that was unique to Boeing's composite materials. And some strongly resemble panelling used in the Boeing 777. Mr Gibson has speculated that the panel with a scorched appearance could be from the avionics bay — which is located below and behind the cockpit under the main cabin floor. "One of the theories is that there was a fire on the plane," he said. He said that so far there was no evidence to support that theory, but if the new debris was determined to be from flight 370 and the heat exposure occurred before the crash, "then that's a very significant clue". Malaysia should step aside: relatives Relatives of the plane's passengers and crew have also been in Canberra to visit the ATSB. It was meant to be a private visit, initiated by Australian search officials who saw firsthand how the next of kin are sidelined in Malaysia. Audio: Listen to Peter Lloyd's story (The World Today) Grace Nathan's mother Anne was on the missing flight and on behalf of the next of kin she seized the moment to ask Australia's search officials to petition Malaysia to step aside from the investigation. "I think the topic will come up about whether it's possible for Malaysia to really push its authority over the search, its power over the search," she said. "And to hand it over to another nation that is willing and capable of taking over." Next of kin who were not in Canberra said they wanted it to be known that they stood united against the airline. K S Narendran, whose partner was on flight 370, said the families and the public at large were being "short-changed". He said he believed that for almost three months potential debris had been "languishing in Madagascar". "It boggles our mind as to why that country, which is in charge of the investigation, would simply not pick it up," he said. Topics: Accidents Air and Space Asia Australia Malaysia Share this story Do you need to give feedback or ask a question about this story? Listen Launch standalone player Now: Full schedule English Language Show streamsHide streams Top stories Donald Trump touts foreign diplomacy on Twitter, critics slam use of social media for private matters Aleppo: Syrian children pulled alive from rubble after air strikes on rebel-held east Pluto has giant underground ocean, say scientists studying New Horizon data Asylum seekers in Indonesia say they won't exploit Australia-US resettlement deal New Zealand earthquake: Evacuees arrive in Christchurch aboard naval ship HMNZS Canterbury Prince record label sues Jay Z's Roc Nation for Tidal song streaming New York bombing accused faces possible mandatory life sentence More top stories Explore ABC Radio Australia Your site: International Change site: Tiếng Việt Tok Pisin Français ျမန္မာ ខ្មែរ ABC Radio Australia on Facebook Connect on Facebook ABC Radio Australia on Twitter Connect on Twitter Radio Australia Follow @RadioAustralia Radio Australia News Follow @RANews News Latest stories Features Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Subscribe Podcasts RSS iTunes Help FAQ Podcasts and RSS Audio and video Using our site World partners: Swissinfo NHK World Radio Canada International Radio Netherlands Worldwide Radio Sweden This service includes material from AAP, Agence France-Presse, APTN, BBC, CNN, Getty, Pacnews, Reuters and other agencies which is copyright and cannot be reproduced, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written consent. Australia Plus Television Radio Australia ABC News ABC International Development ABC Home About the ABC Careers ABC Services Help ABC Contacts © 2016 ABC Conditions of Use Privacy Policy
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing Shops Middle of Market Concepts — Again By Paul Ausick September 9, 2016 9:35 am EST Print Email Tweet If reading this strikes you as deja vu all over again, that might be exactly what it is. Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) reportedly has been showing potential customers two designs for a stretch version of its new and yet-to-be-delivered 737 MAX 9 to compete with the Airbus A321neo and A321LR. This is not the first time since Airbus announced the A321LR nearly two years ago that Boeing has responded with a stretched version of its new 737. The company has also suggested a clean-sheet design, but that would delay first deliveries until at least 2024. Airbus expects to deliver its first A321neo in 2018 and the LR version by 2019. At stake here is the so-called middle-of-the-market (MoM), a space for which Airbus claims at least 1,000 new dual-engine, single-aisle planes are needed to fly long, thin routes (up to 5,000 nautical miles with 200 to 260 passengers). The A321LR in a basic configuration can fly 206 passengers about 4,000 nautical miles. The new airplane replaces the Boeing 757, which went out of production in 2005. Boeing cannot seem to come up with an answer. At first the company denied the market was as large as Airbus said it was. Then it considered reconfiguring the 767, a dual-engine, twin-aisle plane that is still available from the company as either a passenger jet at a list price of $197.1 million or a freighter costing $199.3 million. The 767 is also the base for the company’s new Air Force tanker, the KC-46A. Boeing’s September order book shows a new order for 19 767s to be fitted out as new tankers. The following chart from Boeing and Aviation Week magazine shows where Boeing thinks the MoM plane fits. Boeing now believes that between 2,000 and 5,000 planes could be required to replace both the aging 757s and 767s. Source: The Boeing Co.; Aviation Week If Boeing is right about the sweet spot, then most customers want to fly 4,800 to 5,000 nautical miles. That’s significantly longer than the 757’s range, and the 767-300 seats between 260 and 300 passengers, more than customers appear to require. The perfect MoM plane, it seems, is a little bit bigger than a current single-aisle but not quite as big as a 767, and with a longer range. Which apparently has brought Boeing back to a stretched 737 MAX 9 that has been called the 737 MAX 10. The problem with a stretched MAX 9 is that it would need new, larger engines that would, in turn, require Boeing to change the landing gear to accommodate the larger engine fans. Bloomberg reported that CFM International, the joint venture between the General Electric Co. (NYSE: GE) and France’s Safran that builds the LEAP-1B engine for the 737 MAX, has “gained confidence that [CFM] can reap enough extra thrust from the existing LEAP-1B engines to speed to market a new, longer variant with relatively uncomplicated landing gear.” CFM declined to comment. Boeing apparently also is considering CFM’s LEAP-1A engines for the stretched MAX 9 that would require only “some modifications to the wing and tail, and taller landing gear that would mechanically shrink to fit into the same wheel well used on other 737s.” The biggest issue is timing. Can Boeing deliver a competitor to the A321LR close to the 2019 first delivery date for the Airbus plane? The Bloomberg report indicates that the company has projected a tentative date of 2021, but at least one potential customer, Air Lease Corp. (NYSE: AL), says “that’s just too late.” While this whole story has the ring of a melodrama (“Can Dudley Do-Right rescue Little Nell from the railroad tracks in time?”), it’s pretty serious business. A total of, say, 2,000 planes at a list price of around $200 million each is real money. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « American Heath Deteriorated During Obama Administration Why Lexicon Pharma Is Soaring » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Airbus, Corporate Performance, featured, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities With the Highest Poverty Rates America's Poorest Cities 50 Worst Cities to Live In Powerball Lottery Has Now Hit $320 Million: 12 Things Not to Do If You Win The Safest States in America Recent A Single Quake Could Shake Both Ends of California Texas Jobs Market May Be Signaling Decent News for the Oil Patch Impinj Gears Up for Secondary Offering Citigroup, Apple No Longer ‘Forever’ Holdings of Saudi Prince Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search The Election Has Hurt Online Retail Sales Why Total Oil Is Investing in Iran Is Pfizer Rethinking a Company Spin-Off? U.S. stocks turn lower; major indexes down about 0.2% Treasury yields turn higher; 10-year up 0.7 basis point at 2.308% U.S. leading economic indicators rise 0.1% in October Finance Stocks' Q3 Earnings Early Next Week: PNNT, EV, PKY Microsoft Continues to Bank on Renewables for Datacenters Applied Materials (AMAT) Q4 Earnings and Revenues Beat A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Brookfield Asset proposes to take 50-60 percent stake in TerraForm Power Fiat Chrysler Teams up with Amazon to Sell Cars Online U.S. Stocks Open Flat As Strong Dollar Limits Gains Dollar Charges To 14-Year High, Bond Tantrum In Full Swing How To Know When To Dial Your Confidence Up—Or Down Trump Falsely Claims He Stopped Ford From Leaving Kentucky For Mexico Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content About DV Archives Donate Contact Us Submissions Books Links Browse by Topic “Aid”  (24) “Third” Party  (301) (Ex-)Yugoslavia  (105) /dev/null  (258) 9-11  (154) Abortion  (20) Academic Freedom  (169) Activism  (1,919) Afghanistan  (752) Africa  (158) Agri-business  (1) Agriculture  (164) ALBA  (14) Algeria  (11) Anarchism  (153) Angola  (10) Anthropology  (3) Anti-slavery  (87) Anti-war  (1,104) Aotearoa (New Zealand)  (34) Argentina  (62) Armenia  (16) Arts and/or Entertainment  (149) ASEAN  (1) Asia  (99) Assassinations  (205) Austerity  (191) Australia  (168) Austria  (16) Azerbaijan  (14) Bahrain  (55) Bangladesh  (23) Banks/Banking  (497) BDS (Boycott Divestment and Sanctions Movement)  (8) Beer  (5) Belarus  (8) Belgium  (21) Belize  (1) Blowback  (153) Bolivia (Warisata)  (83) Book Review  (530) Botswana  (5) Boycott  (187) Brazil  (122) BRICS  (29) Bulgaria  (10) Burkina Faso  (5) Burundi  (9) Cambodia  (42) Cameroon  (1) Canada  (517) Capitalism  (1,931) Carding/Profiling  (1) Caribbean  (24) Cartoon  (132) Caucasus  (41) Censorship  (248) Central African Republic  (1) Central Ixachilan (America)  (56) Chad  (1) Charter Schools  (1) Children/Youth  (290) Chile  (71) China  (451) CIA  (291) Civil Disobedience  (106) Civil Liberties  (469) Classism  (733) Climate Change  (422) Cluster bombs  (6) Colombia  (106) Colonialism  (387) Communism/Marxism/Maoism  (196) Consumer Advocacy  (149) Contemporary Art  (1) Corporate Globalization  (979) Corruption  (850) Costa Rica  (9) Crime  (213) Crimes against Humanity  (697) Crimes against Peace  (69) Cuba  (197) Culture  (1,013) Currency  (77) Cyber attacks  (21) Cyprus  (11) Czech Republic  (13) Darfur  (8) Death Penalty  (53) Debt  (127) Democracy  (1,317) Democratic Rep. Congo  (77) Democrats  (934) Denmark  (39) Disasters  (158) Discrimination  (422) Disinformation  (1,214) Djibouti  (8) Dominican Republic  (6) Donald Trump  (1) Drones  (279) Drug Wars  (126) East Timor  (24) Ecocide  (1) Ecology  (4) Economy/Economics  (1,415) Ecuador  (78) Education  (584) Egypt  (321) El Salvador  (21) Elections  (1,054) Empire  (767) Employment  (233) Energy  (379) EnMo Economics  (1) Environment  (989) Environmentalists  (57) Equatorial Guinea  (4) Eritrea  (17) Espionage/”Intelligence”  (590) Ethiopia  (34) EU  (244) Eurasia  (3) Europe  (198) Extinction  (21) False Flag  (19) Fascism  (287) FBI  (129) Feminism  (42) Fiction  (73) Fiji  (1) Film Review  (187) Finance  (569) Finland  (11) Fishing/Fish farming  (23) Food/Nutrition  (242) Fracking  (111) France  (316) Freedom of Expression/Speech  (291) Gabon  (1) Gender  (161) General  (774) Genocide  (318) Georgia  (8) Germany  (223) GMO  (115) Greece  (188) Grenada  (5) Guantanamo  (74) Guatemala  (32) Guinea  (3) Guns  (105) GWB  (349) Haiti  (143) Health/Medical  (729) Heroes  (119) History  (701) Honduras  (77) Housing/Homelessness  (213) Human Rights  (1,037) Humor  (155) Hungary  (18) Hunger  (94) Iceland  (36) IMF  (99) Imperialism  (1,351) Incarceration  (312) India  (209) Indonesia  (74) Insurance  (3) International Criminal Court  (32) Internet  (111) Interview  (286) Iran  (747) Iraq  (1,114) Ireland  (36) Israel/Palestine  (2,859) Italy  (70) Ivory Coast  (3) Japan  (204) Jordan  (69) Journalism  (84) Judiciary  (1) Jury  (1) Justice  (679) Kalaallit Nunaat/Greenland  (17) Kazakhstan  (3) Kenya  (10) Korea  (123) Kuwait  (37) Kyrgyzstan  (13) Labor  (697) Language  (224) Laos  (24) Latvia  (5) Leaving da Camera On  (2) Lebanon  (161) Legal/Constitutional  (424) LGBTQ  (66) Liberalism  (5) Liberia  (1) Libertarianism  (34) Libya  (438) Life/Animal Rights  (204) Literature  (68) Logging  (22) Macedonia  (1) Malaysia  (22) Mali  (28) Marijuana  (10) Markets  (105) Mauritania  (1) Media  (2,015) Mercenaries  (204) Mexico  (175) Micronesia  (1) Middle East  (498) Migration  (193) Militarism  (2,632) Mining  (133) Money supply  (55) Mongolia  (3) Morocco  (12) Mossad  (40) Mozambigue  (1) Music  (137) Myanmar/Burma  (38) Namibia  (5) Narrative  (242) NATO  (439) Neoliberalism  (699) Nepal  (13) Netherlands  (15) New Orleans  (93) NGOs  (165) Nicaragua  (38) Niger  (1) Nigeria  (24) Norway  (44) NSA  (123) Nuclear Energy  (59) Nukes  (272) Obama  (1,949) Obituary  (90) Occupy movement  (102) Oceania  (10) Oceans/Seas  (145) Oil, Gas, Coal, Pipelines  (451) Olympics  (5) Oman  (1) Opinion  (552) Original Peoples  (399) Osama Bin Laden  (50) Pakistan  (336) Panama  (22) Papua New Guinea  (3) Paraguay  (29) Patriotism  (60) People’s Constitution  (1) Peru  (30) Pesticides  (41) Pharmaceuticals  (116) Philippines  (52) Philosophy  (315) Poetry  (1,239) Poland  (18) Police  (533) Political Prisoners  (86) Politics  (315) Pollution  (120) Portugal  (17) Poverty  (438) Prejudice  (429) Prison Industry  (3) Privacy  (140) Privatization  (151) Propaganda  (1,223) Psychology/Psychiatry  (200) Puerto Rico  (32) Qatar  (105) Racism  (1,161) Referendums  (24) Refugees  (214) Religion  (548) Rendition  (15) Renewables  (61) Resistance  (550) Revolution  (401) Right Wing Jerks  (583) Romania  (7) Russia  (671) Rwanda  (55) Salmon  (22) Sanctions  (107) Satire  (204) Saudi Arabia  (309) School Yard Fights  (110) Science/Technology  (382) Security  (295) Serbia  (2) Sexuality  (95) Seychelles  (1) Sierra Leone  (3) Singapore  (4) Slovakia  (1) Social media  (48) Social Security  (135) Socialism  (344) Solidarity  (585) Solitary confinement  (4) Somalia  (83) South Africa  (70) South Ixachilan (America)  (160) South Sudan  (8) Spain  (86) Sports  (169) Sri Lanka  (59) Statism  (59) Students  (226) Sudan  (32) Supreme Court  (106) Sustainability  (103) Sweat shop  (30) Sweden  (54) Switzerland  (26) Syria  (775) Taiwan  (2) Tajikistan  (4) Tanzania  (5) Tax  (185) Tea Party movement  (121) Terrorism (state and retail)  (797) Thailand  (17) The Lobby  (323) Tibet  (9) Torture  (403) TPP  (99) Trade  (96) Transparency/Secrecy  (48) Transportation  (58) Tunisia  (55) Turkey  (254) Turkmenistan  (2) Turtle Island  (54) Uganda  (31) Ukraine  (275) Unions  (335) United Arab Emirates  (35) United Kingdom  (842) United Nations  (570) Universities/Colleges  (3) Uruguay  (19) Uzbekistan  (5) Venezuela  (252) Video  (333) Viet Nam  (207) Vote  (4) Wage  (56) Wage Slavery  (2) Wall Street  (182) War Crimes  (955) Water  (145) Weaponry  (377) Weapons Sales  (12) West Papua  (9) Western Sahara  (5) Whistleblowing  (282) WikiLeaks  (218) Yemen  (200) Zambia  (1) Zimbabwe  (15) Zionism  (1,131) Poetry on Sunday Latest Articles Filtering The Election Media Lens / 11/18/2016 Many Americans Should Un-Stupid Themselves Joel S. Hirschhorn / 11/18/2016 Presidential Elections: Myths and Deceits James Petras / 11/17/2016 Michael Hudson on the Orwellian Turn in Contemporary Economics The Real News Network (TRNN) / 11/17/2016 Killing Arafat: Does Abbas have any evidence? Jonathan Cook / 11/17/2016 A Visit to Russia for “Life Extension” of the Planet Brian Terrell / 11/16/2016 Something to Teach Us About Living Well David Smith-Ferri / 11/16/2016 The True Sharing Economy: Inaugurating an Age of the Heart Mohammed Mesbahi / 11/15/2016 Praying for Freedom: Why Is Israel Silencing the Call for Prayer in Jerusalem? Ramzy Baroud / 11/15/2016 Social Justice Attorney Andrea Burton Bill Quigley / 11/15/2016 Recommended Reading The CIA as Organized Crime: How Illegal Operations Corrupt America and the World Douglas Valentine The Smallpox War in Nuxalk Territory Tom Swanky Worshiping Power: An Anarchist View of Early State Formation Peter Gelderloos China Rising: Capitalist Roads, Socialist Destinations Jeff J. Brown The 1% and the Rest of Us: A Political Economy of Dominant Ownership Tim Di Muzio Blood at the Root: A Racial Cleansing in America Patrick Phillips Our Enemies in Blue: Police and Power in America Kristian Williams Fault Lines Gary Beck The End of the Republic and the Delusion of Empire James Petras Reimagining Sanity: Voices Beyond the Echo Chamber Paul Haeder More books » Feet Won’t Fail You Now Vote with them by Raymond Nat Turner / September 11th, 2016 Presto! Abra-cadaver! Regime change! And the wars played on…There’s a Ta- Da List: Libya, Iraq, Afghanistan, Iran, Syria… Honesty’s having Haliburton and Boeing on Ballots; Raytheon, Exxon, General Dynamics Nominating Northrup-Grummond; Lockheed- Martin, Monsanto and CCA chairing conventions… Honesty’s showing JFK, gaping hole in his throat, brain oozing out the back of his head; and Jackie’s blood- splattered pink dress with all pomp and circumstance… Honesty’s shutting up about holding Anyone’s combat boots to the fire! Honesty’s calling it kleptocracy, corporatocracy, Plutocracy, autocracy—anything but democracy for the working-class; Honesty’s stopping the Pretense that it’s broken and we can fix it. It’s emergency managed magnificently— works perfectly—for the 1% You claim an opening for socialism in this anti-communist kingdom? You claim your phones are smart? Are there apps for socialism? Communism? If not, the question in the forest of question marks is: How quickly can we cram for the EXAM? How rapidly can we build on baby steps? How fast can we cut plastic cuffs from our imaginations? How swiftly can we snatch stars through orange netting? How quickly can we recycle shackles into Independent Organizations? How quickly can we come together? How fast can we cast off illusions and light lanterns lanterns of theory, ordering our steps? How swiftly can we blend rivulets of revolt into a river of Revolution; or, forever cower before bloodthirsty bogeymen, bogey-ladies champagne-caviar cycles of fear; granting colored tokens rights to do wrong? 2008-2016 Black dyed-in-the wool corporate war criminal 2016-2024 Woman warmonger, Wall Street operative 2024—2032 “Latino” warlord, creature of the 1% 2032-2040 Asian exponent of the ‘pivot’ 2040-2048 First Openly Gay Commander-in-Chief 2048-2056 First Disabled agent of war profiteers— Then cycles restart; Doubling-up on identities… II. Your feet burn, your legs ache; but notice How energized, invigorated, uplifted you are! Something ’bout your breathing’s not shallow— like defeat in aftermath of $campaigns & $elections; Notice how revitalized you are when rubber and road meet at your feet, forming street heat— Militant marches do that— Voting feet won’t fail you… Raymond Nat Turner is a NYC poet privileged to have read at the Harriet Tubman Centennial Symposium. He is Artistic Director of the stalwart JazzPoetry Ensemble UpSurge and has appeared at numerous festivals and venues including the Monterey Jazz Festival and Panafest in Ghana West Africa. He currently is Poet-in-Residence at Black Agenda Report. Turner has opened for such people as James Baldwin, People’s Advocate Cynthia McKinney, radical sportswriter Dave Zirin and CA Congresswoman Barbara Lee following her lone vote against attacking Afghanistan. Read other articles by Raymond Nat, or visit Raymond Nat's website. This article was posted on Sunday, September 11th, 2016 at 8:02am and is filed under Poetry. All content © 2007-2016 Dissident Voice and respective authors | Subscribe to the DV RSS feed | Top
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe U.S. Retail Sales, BOE Rate, SNB Outlook: Week Ahead Sept. 12-17 James Amott Stanley James Phyllis Halliday September 11, 2016 — 12:18 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp World according to Jamie Dimon; Oracle, Hermes post earnings Boeing unveils T-X trainer; U.S. Open championship concludes Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp U.S. retail sales may have rebounded in August, data from the Commerce Department will show. Those figures, along with measures of inflation and consumer sentiment, are among the last major economic reports before the Federal Reserve meets Sept. 20-21. The Bank of England meets to set monetary policy in the wake of the Brexit vote, while the Swiss National Bank issues its quarterly policy assessment and growth and inflation forecasts. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon will speak on a range of topics, including the U.S. presidential election and income inequality, at an event hosted by the Economic Club of Washington, D.C. Boeing Co. introduces its T-X trainer, intended to groom future generations of U.S. Air Force fighter pilots. The 71st session of the United Nations General Assembly commences at the world body’s headquarters in New York. Hermes International and Oracle Corp. are among companies releasing earnings. Monday, Sept. 12 JPMorgan Chase & Co. CEO Jamie Dimon speaks before the Economic Club of Washington, D.C. The conversation is expected to cover the state of the U.S. economy, current regulatory environment, and economic and financial issues the next president will likely face. Noon in Washington. Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta President Dennis Lockhart gives a speech on U.S. monetary policy and the economic outlook at the annual meeting of the National Association for Business Economics. 08:00 in Atlanta. Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis President Neel Kashkari participates in a discussion about too-big-to-fail financial institutions and the U.S. economy. Noon in St. Paul, Minnesota (13:00 EDT). International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde and Monsanto Co. Chief Operating Officer Brett Begemann are among speakers at the International Economic Forum of the Americas. In Toronto through Sept. 14. Julian King, the British European commissioner-designate nominated by the U.K. after its Brexit vote, faces a confirmation hearing at the European Parliament in Strasbourg, France. From 19:00 CET (13:00 EDT) until 22:00 CET. The Barclays Global Financial Services Conference takes place in New York. Presenters include MetLife Inc., Morgan Stanley and BlackRock Inc. Click here for agenda. Through Sept. 14. Morgan Stanley hosts its annual Global Healthcare Conference in New York. This year’s program features presentations by executives from AstraZeneca Plc, Sanofi, Gilead Sciences Inc. and Pfizer Inc. Through Sept. 14. Bank of America Merrill Lynch holds its annual equity conference in Tokyo. About 200 companies will be in attendance, including Sony Corp. and SoftBank Group Corp. Through Sept. 16. ECONOMY: Bloomberg Nanos Canadian Confidence Index (weekly); Poland CPI (Aug., final) EARNINGS: Manchester United Plc and Tata Steel Ltd. are among companies reporting results. For an expanded list of today’s releases, click here. ENERGY/COMMODITIES: USDA report on world crop supply and demand estimates (monthly) -- follow the TOPLive blog for real-time coverage here; OPEC oil market report (monthly); EIA drilling productivity report (monthly) Tuesday, Sept. 13 The 71st Regular Session of the United Nations General Assembly begins at the world body’s headquarters in New York. 10:00 EDT. The Austrian National Bank and the Bank for International Settlements host a conference on “Central Banking in Times of Change” on the occasion of OeNB’s 200th anniversary. In Vienna through Sept. 14. Bloomberg hosts the Canadian Fixed Income Conference in New York. Bank of Canada’s Chief of Financial Markets Toni Gravelle and Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitao are among the speakers. 08:00 EDT. U.K. Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union David Davis faces questions from lawmakers on the House of Commons Foreign Affairs Committee. 15:00 (10:00 EDT) in London. The South African Reserve Bank releases its Quarterly Bulletin for the three months through June, with information about the balance of payments, current account and household debt. 10:00 in Pretoria (04:00 EDT). Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro hosts the 17th summit of the Non-Aligned Movement on Margarita Island. Through Sept. 18. CNBC and Institutional Investor host the sixth annual Delivering Alpha Conference. U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew will deliver the keynote address, while Elliot Management Corp. founder Paul Singer and Bridgewater Associates’ Ray Dalio count among speakers. 08:30 in New York. Click here for agenda. The Deutsche Bank Technology Conference takes place in Las Vegas. Workday Inc. co-founder Aneel Bhusri and Scott Guthrie, executive vice president of Microsoft Corp.’s Cloud and Enterprise group, give keynote speeches. Click here for agenda. Through Sept. 14. Solar Power International, the industry’s largest gathering, is also held in Las Vegas. Speakers include Sunrun Inc. Chief Executive Officer Lynn Jurich and Ben Bixby, head of Alphabet Inc.’s Nest Labs. Through Sept. 15. Argentina hosts its Business & Investment Forum to sell South America’s second-biggest economy as an investment destination. Bloomberg News interviews President Mauricio Macri and Orascom Telecom Media and Technology Holding SAE Chairman Naguib Sawiris. In Buenos Aires through Sept. 15. Boeing’s new T-X trainer plane Boeing.com website Boeing Co. unveils its T-X trainer plane, designed jointly with Sweden’s Saab AB. The company is counting on the model to train generations of U.S. fighter pilots, and keep alive its St. Louis manufacturing base. 10:00 in St. Louis (11:00 EDT). The World Bank publishes “Toward a Blue Economy: A Promise for Sustainable Growth in the Caribbean.” Click here to see report following its release. CENTRAL BANKS: Reserve Bank of Australia Assistant Governor Christopher Kent speaks in Sydney at 08:30 (18:30 EDT). ECONOMY: U.S. NFIB small business optimism (Aug.) and U.S. Treasury budget statement (Aug.); Brazil retail sales (July); China industrial production, retail sales and fixed assets investment (Aug.); South Africa current-account balance (second quarter); Israel trade balance (Aug.); Poland trade balance (July); U.K. inflation (Aug.) EARNINGS: Partners Group Holding AG is among companies posting results. For an expanded list of today’s releases, click here. ENERGY/COMMODITIES: International Energy Agency oil market report (monthly) Wednesday, Sept. 14 European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker gives a “State of the Union” speech to the European Parliament at 09:00 CET (03:00 EDT). He may discuss the European Union’s future without the U.K. and policies in areas such as security and the economy. German Chancellor Angela Merkel addresses a campaign rally in Berlin ahead of elections for the capital’s city council on Sept. 18. 18:00 CET (12:00 EDT). Bank of Canada Senior Deputy Governor Carolyn Wilkins delivers a lecture at the Official Monetary and Financial Institutions Forum in London. 11:30 (06:30 EDT). Her remarks will be published on the bank’s website at 06:15 (EDT). Fitch Ratings holds a conference on the Russian economy and banking sector in Moscow. Click here for the agenda. Aung San Suu Kyi makes her first visit to Washington since her party took control of Myanmar’s government early this year. She is scheduled to meet with President Barack Obama at the White House. Timing to be determined. CENTRAL BANKS: Thailand rate decision ECONOMY: U.S. MBA mortgage applications (weekly); U.S. import price index (Aug.); Russia CPI (weekly); South Africa retail sales (July); Ghana CPI (Aug.); Israel current account balance (second quarter); U.K. unemployment and average earnings (July); euro-region industrial production (July) EARNINGS: Hermes International and Cracker Barrel Old Country Store Inc. are among companies reporting results. For a list of today’s releases, click here. ENERGY/COMMODITIES: U.S. EIA crude oil inventory report (weekly) -- follow the TOPLive blog for real-time coverage here; International Energy Agency status of global energy report (annual) Thursday, Sept. 15 Bank of England rate decision. The central bank is forecast to leave its key rate at a record low 0.25 percent and the asset-purchase target at 435 billion pounds ($580 billion). The focus will be on its assessment of how the economy has performed since its last gathering on Aug. 4, when most officials saw scope for another rate cut this year. The minutes of the meeting will reveal how each policy maker voted. Noon in London (07:00 EDT). Follow the TOPLive blog for real-time coverage here. A key measure of U.S. retail sales may have expanded in August, suggesting consumers have resumed spending and will support a projected third-quarter rebound in gross domestic product growth. The Commerce Department releases figures at 08:30 in Washington. The Swiss National Bank’s gives its quarterly policy assessment. The central bank’s deposit rate is at a record low of minus 0.75 percent. The SNB will also issue growth and inflation forecasts. 09:30 CET in Zurich (04:30 EDT). A half-Taiwanese politician may become the first woman to lead Japan’s main opposition Democratic Party, as lawmakers and rank-and-file members vote in a leadership election. Renho, a former model and TV announcer, had been seen as the favorite, although her campaign has been clouded by questions over her nationality. She is running against former party leader Seiji Maehara and former finance ministry official Yuichiro Tamaki. The U.S. Climate Prediction Center releases its three-month climate outlook covering temperature and precipitation. Approximately 09:00 EDT. CENTRAL BANKS: Chile rate decision; Ukraine rate decision ECONOMY: U.S. jobless claims (weekly); Bloomberg Consumer Comfort (weekly); U.S. current-account balance (second quarter); U.S. industrial production and producer price index (Aug.); N.Y. Empire State manufacturing (Sept.); U.S. business inventories (July); U.S. Philadelphia Fed index (Sept.); New Zealand PMI (Aug.) and GDP (second quarter); Australia employment (Aug.); Singapore retail sales (July); Nigeria CPI (Aug.); Israel CPI data (Aug.); U.K. retail sales (Aug.); euro-region inflation (Aug.) EARNINGS: Oracle Corp. and Next Plc are among companies reporting results. For an expanded list of today’s releases, click here. ENERGY/COMMODITIES: Bloomberg survey of analysts’ expectations on natural gas prices (weekly); EIA natural gas inventory report (weekly) Friday, Sept. 16 The U.S. consumer price index, excluding food and energy costs, may have risen at a slightly faster pace in August compared with a month earlier. The Labor Department releases data at 08:30 in Washington. European Union leaders meet to discuss its future path in the wake of the Brexit vote. The one-day summit seeks members’ agreement on policies in areas such as the economy and security that can help make the bloc more relevant to voters. Timings in Bratislava to be determined. ECONOMY: University of Michigan consumer sentiment (Sept., preliminary); U.S. real average weekly earnings (Aug.); U.S. Treasury international capital flows (July); U.S. household net worth (second quarter); Poland wages (Aug.) CENTRAL BANKS: Colombia meeting minutes; Mozambique rate decision; Russia rate decision -- follow the TOPLive blog for real-time coverage here. EARNINGS: For a list of today’s releases, click here. ENERGY/COMMODITIES: Baker Hughes U.S. oil-and-gas rig count (weekly) SOVEREIGN RATING UPDATES: Austria (S&P); Cyprus (S&P); Denmark (S&P); Finland (S&P); France (Moody’s); Hungary (S&P); Ireland (Moody’s); Lithuania (S&P); Luxembourg (S&P); Montenegro (Moody’s); Nigeria (S&P); Portugal (S&P); Russia (S&P); Slovenia (Moody’s) Saturday, Sept. 17 Chesapeake Energy Corp. co-founder Aubrey McClendon’s multi-million dollar wine collection will be auctioned by Hart Davis Hart Wine Co. McClendon, who died in an Oklahoma car crash in March, was a notorious oenophile. The estimated value of his collection of mostly Bordeaux wines is $5.1 million to $7.6 million. The live auction is in Chicago and begins at 08:30 (09:30 EDT). Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Hermes International Markets New York European Parliament Earnings Federal Reserve Monetary Policy Energy Reserve Bank Trade Balance Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
  News Magazines Media Industry Directory Events Products   Home >> News: September 12th, 2016 >> Story Satnews Daily September 12th, 2016 GiSAT To Be Built By Boeing For Sub-Saharan Africa Coverage A new satellite is now in the works, a satellite designed to deliver streaming media, digital broadcast content and additional comms services to Sub-Saharan Africa. An artistic rendition of the GiSAT. The satellite, carrying new digital payload technology, will provide satellite coverage over Sub-Saharan Africa to stream media and digital broadcast content. The image is courtesy of Boeing. Boeing (NYSE:BA) is the firm that has been contracted to build a 702 satellite that is being named GiSAT. The craft will offer a payload of twice the previous digital payload design capacity. The customer is Cayman Islands-based Global IP and they will use the satellite to offer coverage to 35 countries and 750 million people—GiSAT will deliver higher data rates at lower costs than previous satellites serving this part of the world. Scheduled to enter service in 2019, GiSAT is designed to operate with more than 10 gateways in Europe and multiple gateways within Africa. Privately owned Global IP was founded by three satellite industry veterans with 75 years of combined experience providing satellite products and services in emerging markets. The company CEO, Bahram Pourmand, was until recently Executive Vice President and General Manager, International Division of Hughes Network Systems LLC. The other two founders, Emil Youssefzadeh and Umar Javed, were founders and executives of STM, one of the VSAT industry pioneers with a 15 year track record in Africa before the sale of STM in 2013 in a private equity transaction. According to Bahram Pourmand, the CEO of Global IP, the company's vision for GiSAT is to provide end users with connectivity and services that are affordable, rich in local content and truly broadband in nature. With the ability to reconfigure the GiSAT on-board processor, the Boeing digital payload will allow the firm to broadcast different channels to different beams from different locations, providing better service to broadcasters, mobile operators and ISPs. www.boeing.com gip.io/ Topical Tags :  Events    Manufacturing    Business Moves    Satellite Operator          Regional Tags :  Middle East/Africa    North America                 FREE SUBSCRIPTIONS Today's Top News Thrusting Galileo Update: Thursday Evening's Status...ULA's Atlas V Gets Ready To GOES-R Better Satellite World Award Honorees Brought To Light By SSPI Core Concerns Regarding Cybersecurity For The Satellite Industry Voiced By SIA & GVF Pairing Up For Multi-Screen Goodness Are Broadpeak & Eutelsat Communications More News AST Involved In Weather Warning Implementation System In Malaysia Rock Seven Is Buoyed Up For Seafaring SATCOM Solutions The Rebirth Of A UK Satellite Broadcasting Group Care To Chip In To Project Blue? The Campaign To Find The Next Earth  GEE, Saudia Sees SKYfi Streaming Across Its Aircraft NOAA's GOES-R Kind Of Like A Super Hero .. It's Faster, Clearer, Maps Lightning And Tracks Space Weather Globalstar In Tunisa Takes Safety Seriously Safeguards Staff With SOS Button For Drivers Last Week's Top Stories ULA's Successful Cool As A Cube WorldView-4 Launch  SSL Provides Positively Powerful EchoStar XIX World's Highest Capacity Broadband Satellite A New, Out-Of-This-World Record For NASA Surveyor Smallsats To Set Forth For NASA The Russians Are Coming... May Launch Up to 4 Glonass Navigation Satellites Next Year Bandwidth Buster Brought Forth By Newtec and Panasonic Feeling Better Already Now That COSMO-SkyMed Second Generation Contract Signed Avanti Heats Up For Sub-Saharan Africa's ECO Project With Newtec's Dialog® Hotspot Solution  Patent Pending Technology From C-COM Targets In-Motion, Phased Array Antennas The VSAT Conundrum Video From Advantech Wireless News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events Digital Ship Maritime CIO ForumBergen 2nd Global Satshow GVF High Throughput Satellites London Roundtable Communicast 2016 Myanmar DSI's 3rd Space Resiliency Summit SIA DoD Commercial SATCOM Workshop CES - Consumer Electronics Show
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART DMN Contributors Network Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person News Commentary North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close (Jeremy Martin) Engine blade broke off from Southwest Airlines plane, investigators say Filed under Airlines at Sep 12 Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Wire Services Connect with Wire Services Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now A fan blade on a jet engine snapped off a Southwest Airlines Co. plane last month in a violent failure that sent debris slamming into the plane, according to a preliminary investigative report released Monday. Investigators with the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board found evidence of a crack "consistent" with metal fatigue in the titanium-alloy blade, it said in a statement released on the agency's website. The Boeing Co. 737-700 was forced to make an emergency landing in Pensacola, Fla., Aug. 27 after parts of the left engine broke apart, damaging the fuselage, wing and tail. The plane lost cabin pressure and passengers Tweeted pictures of themselves with oxygen masks on. While no one was hurt on the flight from New Orleans to Orlando, Fla., some of the 99 passengers aboard reported on social media that the diversion was harrowing as they looked outside and saw the air intake known as a cowling had been ripped loose, exposing the front of the engine.  The CFM56 engine was built by CFM International Inc., a joint venture between General Electric Co. and Safran SA. The NTSB has not determined the cause of the failure. Lost Pressure An unidentified shard put a 5-by-16-inch gash in the side of the plane above the wing, according to investigators. The cabin leaked air and lost pressure after the failure, though the NTSB said no metal from the engine pierced the cabin and no debris was found within the plane. NTSB investigators view so-called uncontained failures seriously because they can fling heavy metal parts into fuel lines, electronics and the passenger compartment. And under requirements in the U.S. and other nations, it's never supposed to happen. Regulations hold that jet engines must be built with a strong enough exterior casing to prevent fan blades and other debris from breaking through in the event of a failure. Tests must be conducted simulating a fan-blade breakup to prove that the metal shards can't escape. Modern jet engines contain a series of spinning fans, and if one of them breaks apart, it can eject blades and other metal debris at high speeds. Checking for cracks Engine manufacturers and airlines conduct periodic inspections on planes designed to spot any evidence of cracks or weakening of the metal due to fatigue. Investigators did not say why they suspect the fan blade broke loose. "GE and Safran continue to assist the NTSB in its investigation," GE spokesman Rick Kennedy said. The last maintenance check on the Southwest plane was on Aug. 21, according to Brandy King, an airline spokeswoman. While increasingly rare, engine failures that propel shrapnel into the fuselage of a plane have proved fatal in the past. A mother and child seated in a Delta Air Lines Inc. plane were killed on July 6, 1996, in Pensacola when the left power plant on a Boeing MD-88 broke apart while accelerating for takeoff. After the front fan blade disintegrated, it sent metal shards flying into the plane where people were sitting, according to the NTSB. A manufacturing defect in the engine, made by United Technologies Corp. division Pratt & Whitney, should have been detected by airline maintenance workers performing routine inspections, the NTSB investigation concluded. Shrapnel damage The NTSB and other accident investigation agencies around the world occasionally probe other cases in which engines on airliners fail so violently that shrapnel escapes the hardened casing around the turbine and causes more damage. An Airbus Group SE A380 double-decker jet flying from Singapore to Sydney suffered extensive damage on Nov. 4, 2010, when high-velocity debris from one engine sprayed the plane and two other power plants. The Qantas Airways Ltd. pilots managed to land despite damage to the plane's hydraulics system, electronics and three out of the four engines, according to the Australian Transport Safety Bureau. The failure was traced back to pipes installed on the engine that were too thin and cracked, according to the ATSB. Overall, jet engine reliability has improved dramatically since the technology was introduced, and airliners now routinely fly across oceans with just two power plants because breakdowns are so rare. While far below the leading causes of accidents and death, engine failures ranked fourth in the decade from 2006 through 2015 with 165 fatalities, according to Boeing statistics. Southwest has begun repairs on the plane, the airline said in an e-mailed statement. The carrier deferred to the NTSB to release details of the investigation. — Alan Levin and Mary Schlangenstein, Bloomberg News View Comments Tags Airlines Southwest Airlines Business Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2016, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 52-55 We set you thinking Friday 18 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Singapore Eight Big Splash tenants offered lease extensions 1479484573 Singapore Govt watching economy closely, will step in if necessary 1479483372 World Tensions boil over in overcrowded Greek migrant camp 1479480439 World India's move to curb black money a 'disaster' for rural women, activists say 1479479491 World Zimbabwean anti-government activists shot at, beaten, abducted 1479480229 World UK's May tells Germany: Brexit preparations are 'on track' 1479479437 World Venezuela rejoins global anti-'blood diamonds' group 1479480075 World Oman's Sultan Qaboos makes first public appearance in nearly a year 1479480338 Business Fantasy sports arch rivals DraftKings, FanDuel to merge 1479479950 Business Brookfield Asset proposes to take 50-60 percent stake in TerraForm Power 1479479637 Business Fiat Chrysler teams up with Amazon to sell cars online 1479480351 Business Exclusive: Glencore seeks $550 million to raise stakes in Kurdish oil game 1479479685 World U.N. says Aleppo faces 'bleak moment', Syria convoys all blocked 1479476706 Business Wall St. opens flat, indexes near record highs 1479479738 World U.N. council extends inquiry into Syria toxic gas attacks 1479480669 World Social media’s globe-shaking power 1479481884 Business Trump opens doors for China in Latin America: Bloomberg View 1479481884 Tech Protect your digital life in 7 easy steps 1479481878 World Danish bishop’s 300-year-old poo offers whiff of history 1479480373 World Myanmar's training for non-Muslim police stokes fear in Rakhine 1479477865 Business Deutsche Bank looking to cut back U.S. mortgage securitization: sources 1479477805 Business Exclusive: Renault boss sees pay row with French government in election year 1479478742 Business VW to lower investment, R&D costs through 2020 1479479324 Business Abercrombie warns of challenging holiday quarter, shares skid 1479477708 World Some Turkish military officers at NATO seeking asylum: alliance chief 1479478059 World NATO says 'absolutely confident' of Trump leadership in alliance 1479464858 Business Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs at VW brand by 2020 1479465737 World Pacific rim leaders to debate future of trade post-Trump 1479475776 World Aid trucks reach cut-off New Zealand town as quake bill mounts 1479478906 World Aerospace focus of homestay scheme lifts Japanese town 1479478881 World Ferry to boost tourism in Pattaya sets sail soon 1479478573 China&India Forget movie stars — in Hong Kong, tutors are the real celebrities 1479478278 Singapore Good Shepherd Loft nursing home in breach of MOH rules, faces possible closure 1479477480 World Northern Ireland court refers Brexit challenge to UK Supreme Court 1479476251 World Merkel: Didn't discuss sanctions on Russia over Syria with Obama, EU leaders 1479475261 World Obama, EU leaders agree to stick together, stay tough on Russia 1479477408 World U.N. investigators in area probing Aleppo convoy attack: Eliasson 1479476706 World More academics, mayors detained as Turkish purges enter fifth month 1479475689 World Philippine dictator Marcos buried at heroes' cemetery amid protests 1479467590 World UK frustratingly unclear about Brexit goals: Scottish minister 1479417298 World Japan's PM Abe meets Trump, says confident can build trust 1479458730 Lifestyle Take a walk in space this weekend 1479477079 Lifestyle 15 things to do with your kids this school holiday 1479476760 Singapore Man jailed, caned for obscene acts with a child 1479476775 Lifestyle Hipster parents, unite this weekend 1479475860 Lifestyle Where hipster parents hang out for great grub 1479474060 World Uganda's Museveni names new top electoral official, critics say he lacks credibility 1479474223 Business Rio Tinto in spotlight as Australia fraud police targets resources industry 1479475559 Business LafargeHolcim's higher payout fails to cheer investors 1479474598 World Iraqi troops expand foothold in Mosul as IS pledges more suicide attacks 1479474737 Business Engine failure led to foot-long hole in Southwest airliner: agency Southwest Airlines jet comes in to land at Lindbergh Field in San Diego, California. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:30 AM, September 13, 2016 An engine failure on a Southwest Airlines Co jet on Aug. 27 released debris that tore a 5 inch by 16 inch (13 cm by 41 cm) hole in the plane before it made a safe emergency landing in Pensacola, Florida, U.S. crash investigators said on Monday. In an update to its probe of the Boeing Co 737's rare engine failure, the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) said a fan blade separated from the engine and was not recovered, except for the base of the blade that was still attached to the aircraft. The agency also said that during the accident engine debris impacted the plane's side to create the hole above the left wing. The debris did not penetrate into the cabin interior, the agency said. The plane, bound from New Orleans to Orlando with 99 passengers and five crew members aboard, lost cabin pressure and safely diverted to Pensacola. There were no injuries. The investigation update still leaves unanswered what exactly caused the "uncontained" engine failure, a rare and hazardous event in which components rapidly exit an engine and can collide with the aircraft. The NTSB said in a statement that it still must review the engine's maintenance records and examine blade surfaces for cracks. Representatives for Southwest and General Electric Co, which produced the engine with Safran SA in a joint venture known as CFM International, said the companies continue to work closely with the NTSB on the investigation. The aircraft has been released to Southwest, which has started the repair process, a spokeswoman for the airline said. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With tougher rules, China wants fewer, but better, electric car makers With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Wells Fargo account openings slow in October after scandal Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Inside Today World Social media’s globe-shaking power Former U.N. chief 'deeply concerned' as Myanmar violence toll jumps U.N. council extends inquiry into Syria toxic gas attacks Tensions boil over in overcrowded Greek migrant camp Danish bishop’s 300-year-old poo offers whiff of history Business Trump opens doors for China in Latin America: Bloomberg View Fiat Chrysler teams up with Amazon to sell cars online Fantasy sports arch rivals DraftKings, FanDuel to merge Wall St. opens flat, indexes near record highs Exclusive: Glencore seeks $550 million to raise stakes in Kurdish oil game Sports Joseph Schooling is home, as packed week awaits From football’s whipping boys to regional heavyweights NZ surprises by hiring Scotsman as sevens coach Experienced defence the key in Lions’ Suzuki Cup bid Want to stay happy and positive? Exercise Entertainment Monroe’s ‘Happy Birthday Mr. President’ gown sold for almost S$7m Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat attacked in Paris Five reasons why you should watch Legend Of The Blue Sea Got a film idea to share with Eric Khoo or Kelvin Tong? Goodbye, Plainsunset About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Engine failure led to foot-long hole in Southwest airliner -agency By Reuters Published: 16:36 EST, 12 September 2016 | Updated: 16:36 EST, 12 September 2016 e-mail Sept 12 (Reuters) - An engine failure on a Southwest Airlines Co jet on Aug. 27 released debris that tore a 5 inch by 16 inch (13 cm by 41 cm) hole in the plane before it made a safe emergency landing in Pensacola, Florida, U.S. crash investigators said on Monday. In an update to its probe of the Boeing Co 737's rare engine failure, the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) said a fan blade separated from the engine and was not recovered, except for the base of the blade that was still attached to the aircraft. The agency also said that during the accident engine debris impacted the plane's side to create the hole above the left wing. The debris did not penetrate into the cabin interior, the agency said. The plane, bound from New Orleans to Orlando with 99 passengers and five crew members aboard, lost cabin pressure and safely diverted to Pensacola. There were no injuries. The investigation update still leaves unanswered what exactly caused the "uncontained" engine failure, a rare and hazardous event in which components rapidly exit an engine and can collide with the aircraft. The NTSB said in a statement that it still must review the engine's maintenance records and examine blade surfaces for cracks. Representatives for Southwest and General Electric Co , which produced the engine with Safran SA in a joint venture known as CFM International, said the companies continue to work closely with the NTSB on the investigation. The aircraft has been released to Southwest, which has started the repair process, a spokeswoman for the airline said. (Reporting by Jeffrey Dastin in New York; Editing by Will Dunham) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child 'You have to respect the voters': Ed Balls insists he won't quit Strictly as he joins Katya Jones and his glamorous co-stars in Blackpool Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Keeping it casual A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a new painting at the Royal Military Academy Gwen Stefani goes for autumnal chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Bonding time But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike In lioness mode Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' That Friday feeling! A radiant Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
BUSINESS Blue Origin's new, more powerful rocket will compete with SpaceX Blue Origin's New Glenn rocket Blue Origin A rendering of Blue Origin's planned New Glenn rocket alongside rockets made by other companies. A rendering of Blue Origin's planned New Glenn rocket alongside rockets made by other companies. (Blue Origin) Samantha Masunaga Seattle-area Blue Origin released details Monday about its new orbital reusable rocket, further pitting Jeff Bezos’ space company against Elon Musk’s SpaceX. Named after astronaut John Glenn, who was the first American to orbit the Earth, the New Glenn rocket will lift off with 3.85 million pounds of thrust from seven engines and have a diameter of 23 feet. That makes it more powerful than SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket, but not quite as powerful as the Hawthorne company’s Falcon Heavy rocket, which has yet to launch, but will have more than 5 million pounds of thrust at liftoff. The Delta IV Heavy rocket, made by a joint venture of Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin Corp., has about 2 million pounds of thrust. Blue Origin’s rocket will come in two variants — a two-stage, 270-foot-tall rocket, and a three-stage, 313-foot-tall rocket that will be capable of flying beyond low-Earth orbit. In an email to followers, Bezos said the company plans to launch New Glenn for the first time “before the end of the decade” at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The rocket is designed to launch commercial satellites, as well as fly humans into space, he said. “Our vision is millions of people living and working in space,” Bezos said in the email. “New Glenn is a very important step.” Blue Origin has been testing its New Shepard suborbital launch vehicle at its West Texas facility. The vehicle is intended to take tourists into space, and the company has launched and re-landed the rocket booster four consecutive times.  The company said the lessons learned from New Shepard, especially about reusability, will be incorporated into New Glenn and its reusable rocket booster. The new rocket will be powered by Blue Origin’s BE-4 liquid oxygen and liquefied natural gas engines, which the company has been developing for United Launch Alliance’s Vulcan rocket. The engine is intended to replace the Russian rocket engines that have blasted U.S. government spy satellites into space. Blue Origin has said the low-cost availability of liquefied natural gas allows for an “extended engine development program.” Experts have also said methane is clean, meaning it is less likely to clog fuel lines and could reduce the amount of rigorous cleaning needed to clear particulates and make it easier to reuse rockets. Many rockets use liquid oxygen and kerosene as a propellant. The company did not release details on pricing, but an analyst said the company will likely try to leverage the cost savings from its reusable rocket booster to be competitive with SpaceX, the industry’s low-price leader. “It’s basically a declaration that they’re entering the market,” said Phil Smith, senior space analyst for the Tauri Group, a space and defense analytic consulting firm. He said it is “fairly clear” New Glenn will be a heavy-lift vehicle, capable of carrying huge satellites into high orbits. That means Blue Origin could be setting itself up to compete with United Launch Alliance and SpaceX for lucrative national security launch contracts. “These vehicles can tap any and all markets, so that gives maximum flexibility,” Smith said. Blue Origin has long been interested in ferrying tourists into space. The company has said its New Shepard will carry humans more than 62 miles above the Earth. But the company’s next project could be even more ambitious. “Up next on our drawing board: New Armstrong,” Bezos said in the email, a possible hint of the company’s plans to send the next launch vehicle to the moon. So far, Blue Origin has named each of its launch vehicles after the U.S. astronaut that first accomplished that feat. Neil Armstrong was the first person to walk on the moon. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Some Trump supporters say it's not fair to equate white pride with white supremacists, the Rams break ground on their new stadium, Trump moves forward with naming positions in his administration, and Los Angeles practices for a major earthquake. Some Trump supporters say it's not fair to equate white pride with white supremacists, the Rams break ground on their new stadium, Trump moves forward with naming positions in his administration, and Los Angeles practices for a major earthquake. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Some Trump supporters say it's not fair to equate white pride with white supremacists, the Rams break ground on their new stadium, Trump moves forward with naming positions in his administration, and Los Angeles practices for a major earthquake. Some Trump supporters say it's not fair to equate white pride with white supremacists, the Rams break ground on their new stadium, Trump moves forward with naming positions in his administration, and Los Angeles practices for a major earthquake. Caption Los Angeles Rams break ground on new stadium A groundbreaking ceremony was held in Inglewood as construction of the Los Angeles Rams' new $2.6-billion stadium officially got underway. (Genaro Molina / Los Angeles Times) A groundbreaking ceremony was held in Inglewood as construction of the Los Angeles Rams' new $2.6-billion stadium officially got underway. (Genaro Molina / Los Angeles Times) Caption Richard Spencer, chairman of the National Policy Institute Richard Spencer, chairman of the National Policy Institute, a prominent alt-right organization. (Joshua Roberts / For The Times) Richard Spencer, chairman of the National Policy Institute, a prominent alt-right organization. (Joshua Roberts / For The Times) Caption Vigilant Guard | California National Guard trains for earthquake response A weeklong earthquake response training exercise called Vigilant Guard was hosted in California by the California National Guard with participation from more than 1,200 members of local, state and federal agencies, including Los Angeles County fire officials and the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department. (Al Seib / Los Angeles Times) A weeklong earthquake response training exercise called Vigilant Guard was hosted in California by the California National Guard with participation from more than 1,200 members of local, state and federal agencies, including Los Angeles County fire officials and the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department. (Al Seib / Los Angeles Times) Caption The Curiosity Correspondent: How to play Harry Potter's Quidditch when no one can fly Quidditich, the popular and dangerous sport played throughout the Harry Potter series, has come to life through many organizations across the globe. Our Curiosity Correspondent, Benjamin Cruthcer, heads to UCLA to learn how to play the game and to see if he can become an expert. It goes... poorly. Quidditich, the popular and dangerous sport played throughout the Harry Potter series, has come to life through many organizations across the globe. Our Curiosity Correspondent, Benjamin Cruthcer, heads to UCLA to learn how to play the game and to see if he can become an expert. It goes... poorly. samantha.masunaga@latimes.com For more business news, follow me @smasunaga An earlier version of this story said the girth of Blue Origin's New Glenn rocket will be 23 feet. It should have said that is the rocket's diameter. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, Los Angeles Times SpaceX John Glenn Elon Musk Lockheed Martin Corp. An earlier version of this story said the girth of Blue Origin's New Glenn rocket will be 23 feet. It should have said that is the rocket's diameter. Trump's victory sparks unprecedented downloads of encrypted chat app Signal In tough talk on Muslims, Japanese internment survivors feel a dark deja vu Massive drills in California, Nevada simulate the aftermath of devastating earthquakes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics L.A. Auto Show Opinion Place An Ad 60°
The Atlantic Subscribe Search Menu Jeff Bezos's New Rocket, Built to Carry Payloads and People Close Home Latest Most Popular Magazine Video Photo Writers News Politics Business Culture Science Technology Health Sexes U.S. Society Education Global Notes Projects Next America Events Books Shop Your AccountLog Out Log InCreate Account 2 Free Issues Try two trial issues of The Atlantic with our compliments. Claim now Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store See our Newsletters > Jeff Bezos's New Rocket, Built to Carry Payloads and People The founder of spaceflight company Blue Origin announced Monday the design of an orbital rocket called New Glenn. The offices of Blue Origin in Kent, Washington Donna Blankinship / AP Most Popular Donald Trump's Choice for National Security Adviser Has One Priority: Combatting 'Radical Islamic Terrorism' Krishnadev Calamur 8:17 AM ET Progress Isn't Natural Joel Mokyr Nov 17, 2016 Trump’s CIA Director Wants to Return to a Pre-Snowden World Kaveh Waddell 10:24 AM ET Can America’s Companies Survive America’s Most Aggressive Investors? Alana Semuels 5:00 AM ET The Problem With Abandoning the Paris Agreement Robinson Meyer 7:00 AM ET Marina Koren Sep 12, 2016 News Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size NEWS BRIEF Blue Origin, the aerospace company founded by Jeff Bezos, has unveiled the design of a new rocket that will carry satellites and astronauts to space, fly back to land on Earth, and stand almost as tall as the rocket that launched Americans to the moon nearly 50 years ago. Bezos said in an email Monday that the orbital rocket, known as the New Glenn, will be ready for a test launch before the end of this decade. The rocket is named for John Glenn, the first American to orbit the Earth. Here’s a look at New Glenn, alongside other rockets—past, present, and in development: Blue Origin’s next step…meet New Glenn #NewGlenn #GradatimFerociter pic.twitter.com/p4gICKZRfi — Jeff Bezos (@JeffBezos) September 12, 2016 New Glenn will measure 23 feet in diameter, with 3.85 million pounds of thrust. It will be powered by seven Blue Engine 4 rocket engines, which Blue Origin has spent more than four years developing, that burn liquefied natural gas and liquid oxygen. The same kind of engine will power the new Vulcan rocket (pictured above) from United Launch Alliance, the joint venture of Boeing and Lockheed Martin, which is scheduled for test launch around 2019. The New Glenn family will include two variations. The two-stage version of the rocket will be 270 feet tall. The three-stage version will stand 313 feet high, with a “high specific impulse hydrogen upper stage” that will allow the rocket to fly further into space, beyond low-Earth orbit. The image Bezos shared on Twitter was meant to drive the point home—to both the public and his competitors—that the New Glenn will be huge. The rocket will also be powerful; with 3.85 million pounds of liftoff thrust, the New Glenn will surpass the United Launch Alliance’s Delta IV Heavy, the most powerful rocket in operation, at 1.6 million pounds. SpaceX, Elon Musk’s spaceflight company, seeks to surpass them both; its Falcon Heavy, whose first launch is scheduled for November, will generate 5.13 million pounds of thrust at liftoff. Here’s some more perspective on power, from Eric Berger at Ars Technica: By way of further comparison, the space shuttle’s main engines had an individual thrust of 470,000 pounds. Along with its solid-rocket boosters, the shuttle had 7 million pounds of thrust at launch. The Saturn V rocket, with five F1 engines, had about 7.5 million pounds of thrust. So Blue Origin’s very first orbital rocket will have slightly more than half the thrust of the rockets that carried humans to the Moon. Bezos said Monday his company’s reusable rocket, New Shepard, “has taught us so much about how to design for practical, operable reusability.” In November 2015, Blue Origin launched New Shepard—named for Alan Shepard, the first American in space—and returned it to Earth for a soft, vertical landing, becoming the first to successfully land a reusable rocket on the ground after launch. But observers—especially Bezos’s competitor, Musk—pointed out that while New Shepard reached the boundary where outer space is understood to begin, it did not enter orbit. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video Women Didn't Let Hillary Clinton Down A rebuttal of a dominant media narrative Leah Varjacques and Clare Foran Nov 17, 2016 About the Author Marina Koren is a senior associate editor at The Atlantic. She was previously the news editor at National Journal. Twitter previousIt's Not the Cough, It's the Cover-UpnextThe Truth About Undocumented Immigrants and Taxes Most Popular Presented by Mike Segar/ Reuters Donald Trump's Choice for National Security Adviser Has One Priority: Combatting 'Radical Islamic Terrorism' Krishnadev Calamur Michael Flynn is also known for his long military career and his unceremonious exit from the Defense Intelligence Agency. Michael Flynn, the retired Army lieutenant general and former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) whom Donald Trump has reportedly picked to be his national security adviser, is known for his long and distinguished military career, his unceremonious exit from the DIA, and for his controversial views on Islam, torture, and Russia. Flynn, a registered Democrat, was an early and ardent supporter of Trump’s improbable presidential run, giving the Republican presidential hopeful a much-needed endorsement from the national-security establishment. He led crowds at Trump’s rallies to chant “Lock her up” about Hillary Clinton, Trump’s Democratic opponent. “Donald Trump is about the future of this country and making sure that we take a direction … that puts us back on a track that we can continue to be the global leader around the world,” he told Fox Business Network in July. Continue Reading Bettman / Getty Progress Isn't Natural Joel Mokyr Humans invented it—and not that long ago. How and why did the modern world and its unprecedented prosperity begin? Many bookshelves are full of learned tomes by historians, economists, political philosophers and other erudite scholars with endless explanations. One way of looking at the question is by examining something basic, and arguably essential: the emergence of a belief in the usefulness of progress. Such a belief may seem self-evident today, but most people in the more-remote past believed that history moved in some kind of cycle or followed a path that was determined by higher powers. The idea that humans should and could work consciously to make the world a better place for themselves and for generations to come is by and large one that emerged in the two centuries between Christopher Columbus and Isaac Newton. Of course, just believing that progress could be brought about is not enough—one must bring it about. The modern world began when people resolved to do so.               Continue Reading Jacquelyn Martin / AP Trump’s CIA Director Wants to Return to a Pre-Snowden World Kaveh Waddell He’s called for a “fundamental upgrade” to U.S. spying powers. Mike Pompeo, the man that President-elect Donald Trump chose on Friday to lead the CIA when he becomes president, has long been a vocal supporter of expanding the government’s surveillance powers. As Congress worked to wind down the National Security Agency’s bulk data-collection program last summer, rolling back one of the secret measures first authorized under President George W. Bush, Pompeo—a Republican representative from Kansas who sits on the House Intelligence Committee—was pushing back. In an op-ed published in The Wall Street Journal this January, Pompeo argued forcefully against “blunting” the government’s surveillance powers and called for “a fundamental upgrade to America’s surveillance capabilities.” In the piece, he laid out a road map for expanding surveillance: Continue Reading Mike Reddy Can America’s Companies Survive America’s Most Aggressive Investors? Alana Semuels So-called activist investors are increasingly gaining control of legacy corporations, forcing them to trim payrolls and downsize research operations—and, quite possibly, damaging the entire economy. WILMINGTON, Del.—Ron Ozer was thrilled to get a job with DuPont, the two-centuries-old chemical company, when he finished his Ph.D. from Cornell in 1990. It was the place to go for young, ambitious chemists; it offered salary and benefits so generous that some people called it “Uncle Dupey.” For 26 years, he invented things for DuPont, filing patent after patent, working on renewable plastic bottles and polymers from the company’s Experimental Station, a research lab where Kevlar, Neoprene, and nylon were all invented. Then, in January of this year, he was abruptly fired, along with hundreds of other employees at the Experimental Station, part of a company-wide wave of 1,700 layoffs, one-third of DuPont’s Delaware workforce. Globally, DuPont cut 10 percent of its workforce, or 5,000 people in early 2016. Continue Reading Jacky Naegelen / Reuters The Problem With Abandoning the Paris Agreement Robinson Meyer Bill O’Reilly and Barack Obama agree: President-Elect Trump shouldn’t walk away from the first international climate treaty. If the Trump administration withdraws the United States from the Paris Agreement, the country would face a massive global diplomatic backlash and permanently cede worldwide leadership on climate and renewable-energy issues to China, experts warn. Withdrawing from the treaty “would be a huge mistake, even forgetting about climate change,” said Todd Stern, the former U.S. special envoy on climate change. He added that it would have “radiating bad impacts with respect to U.S. standing” on all other international issues. We know very little for sure about the Trump administration’s foreign policy. So far, he has seemed to choose Russia-friendly advisors like General Michael Flynn, and he has not backed down from previous threats of a trade war with China. If the U.S. were to renege on its NATO commitments or enter a battle of tariffs with China, this could so remake global order that climate would slide off the international agenda. Continue Reading Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP Will Trump Be Ready to Govern? Russell Berman The early days of his transition have looked like chaos, but veterans of the process say the president-elect has time to catch up. This was not exactly how the 2016 presidential transition was supposed to go. For years, legislators, civil servants, good-government advocates, and veterans of the last several administrations had been preparing for this very moment. Congress had passed two new laws allowing the two major-party nominees to begin planning earlier than ever, and the Obama administration was committed to handing off the baton of government in full stride. The singular goal was to make this transfer of presidential power the smoothest, most effective transition in U.S. history. Then came the unexpected victory of Donald Trump to blow it all to bits. The Trump transition has looked, from the outside, like a mess. Days after winning the presidency, the new president-elect abruptly replaced the man who for months had been running his transition efforts, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, with the soon-to-be vice president, Mike Pence. Other departures quickly followed in what was described as “a purge” of people close to Christie. The leadership swap caused an important paperwork snafu, delaying by several days the point when Trump’s “landing teams” of potential appointees could begin on-the-job training at federal departments and agencies. A former national-security official in Republican administrations, Eliot Cohen, emerged from a single conversation with the transition team only to warn others to stay away. One of Trump’s first appointments, chief strategist Steve Bannon, prompted a firestorm of criticism over his website’s links to white nationalism. Leaks flowed out of Trump Tower faster than transition staff could plug them, while the president-elect himself sneaked away from his press corps for an evening out at the 21 Club in Manhattan. Continue Reading Frederick M. Brown / Stringer / Getty What Gwen Ifill Knew About Race in America Jeffrey Goldberg “If I weren’t a better person … I swear, I would worry about our lovely nation,” she once told me. Gwen Ifill and I used to exchange hate mail on a semi-regular basis. Not our own, of course. I loved Gwen the way so many people, both in Washington and across the country, loved Gwen, and like so many people, I found myself broken by her death earlier this week. I don’t have the temerity to characterize her view of me, except to say that she cared enough about my happiness, and my reputation, such as it is, to offer up behavioral guidance whenever she felt it necessary. This guidance often consisted of two words: “Stop tweeting!” The hate mail we shared was directed at us by racists and anti-Semites. Gwen, of course, was a singular figure of extraordinary prominence. Try to name the African American women at the summit of the television news business, and you’ll likely struggle to produce a long list, or, for that matter, a list. Gwen’s fame, her charisma, her obdurate adherence to fact-based standards many people now consider antediluvian, and her top-tier intellect combined to make her a figure of adoration for many, but also a target of loathing for others. Continue Reading Pete Souza / The White House The Obama Years, Through the Lens of White House Photographer Pete Souza Alan Taylor Forty-four images of the 44th president of the United States by Chief Official White House Photographer Pete Souza Barack Obama has just two months remaining as the president of the United States, after serving eight years in office. Official White House photographer Pete Souza spent those years by the president’s side, capturing more than two million moments, large and small. The resulting body of work documents the work and play that took place in the White House and beyond, with a number of iconic images that will live for years in history books. Below, I’ve gathered a collection of forty-four of Souza’s images of the 44th president. Continue Reading Adult Swim The Battle Over Adult Swim’s Alt-Right TV Show David Sims The future of the sketch series Million Dollar Extreme Presents: World Peace has become a political flashpoint for the subversive network. At a glance, Million Dollar Extreme Presents: World Peace seems like typical fare for Adult Swim, the alternative, late-night comedy channel that airs on the Cartoon Network after 9 p.m. One of a coterie of bizarre series on the channel, the show lurches from one surreal, sometimes violent, sketch to the next, and describes itself as being set in an “almost present-day, post-apocalyptic nightmare world.” But Million Dollar Extreme, which premiered in August, is also from the mind of Sam Hyde, an unapologetic member of the alt-right. Hyde crafts his comedy with the goal of shocking his young, liberal, Millennial audience while simultaneously appealing to like-minded members of a white-nationalist movement that generally supports Donald Trump. Continue Reading Mike Segar / Reuters Donald Trump’s Pick for Attorney General Clare Foran The president-elect has tapped Senator Jeff Sessions for the role. Jeff Sessions is President-elect Donald Trump’s pick to become the next U.S. attorney general. “It is an honor to nominate U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions to serve as Attorney General of the United States,” Trump said in a statement released by his transition team on Friday. “Jeff has been a highly respected member of the U.S. Senate for 20 years … [and] is greatly admired by legal scholars and virtually everyone who knows him.” In the same statement, Sessions said he was “humbled” by the announcement, adding: “I love the Department [of Justice], its people and its mission. I can think of no greater honor than to lead them.” The Alabama Republican is considered to be one of the most conservative members of the Senate, and has proven loyal to the president-elect. When he endorsed Trump in February, Sessions became the first sitting U.S. senator to do so. Continue Reading We're Probably Imagining Aliens Wrong Nadine Ajaka Why haven’t we found extraterrestrial life? It might be because we think it looks like human life. Watch Video To Break a Phone Addiction, Turn Your Screen Gray James Hamblin, Nicolas Pollock, and Jaclyn Skurie A suggestion for compulsive checkers Watch Video Why Men Fear a Female President Tynesha Foreman Hillary Clinton’s candidacy has catalyzed a level of intense misogyny that probably won’t go away. Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2016 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad >
Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Invest After the Election Election0 The One Chart You Need to See Before the Market Opens Today Stocks0 The Only Investment Decision You Should Make Ahead of the Election Global Markets0 Duterte in Japan: A $1 Trillion Opportunity That the U.S. Lost in Translation Technology1 If You Think Tesla Scares Detroit, Wait 'till You See This Google2 How to Double Your Money with Google Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Stocks0 Our "Post-Trump" Play Is Leading the Markets Now Economic Data5 The First Thing Trump Should Do for the Economy Trading Strategies0 Two Trades to Prepare for the "Day After" Election0 Smart Money Bets Ahead of a "Dangerous" Election Trading Strategies0 A Simple, Powerful Strategy to Beat the Hedge Funds at Their Own Game The Fed5 Here's the Terrifying Endgame of Global Central Banking Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Washington0 If I Were Trump's Advisor, Here's What I'd Tell Him Election1 How to Profit No Matter Who Wins Today Dow Jones1 The S&P 500 Hit My Year-End Target 11 Months Early, So Here's My New Forecast Stocks0 We're in a Market Gridlock, but I See One Tiny Reason for Optimism Stocks0 The Untradeables: These Stocks Are Too Terrible to Buy, Hold, or Even Short Market Crash0 Stocks Are Selling Off – but Not for the Reason You Think Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Stocks0 Three Quick and Easy Profit Plays to Make Right Now Options1 The Latest Samsung Scandal Could Mean Triple-Digit Profits for Your Portfolio Options0 The Best Way to Play Earnings Ahead of the Election Trading Strategies0 The Only Two Tools You Need to Make an Easy Fortune in the Markets Economic Data0 Why Bearish Traders Should Look Good Next Year Bitcoin1 The Truth About the "Secret" Currency That Could Replace the U.S. Dollar Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 Move Fast – Because This “Singularity” Tech Is Traveling at 760 MPH Stocks1 This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You Technology0 Tuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity Technology3 How to Profit from the Next Generation of Defense Tech Technology0 The Real Winner in the AT&T Merger Is Beating the Market by Nearly Threefold in 2016 Technology0 How to Avoid Being Collateral Damage During the Next Cyberattack Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Energy0 The One Energy Sector Trump Could Change the Most – and No, It's Not Coal Energy0 What President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Energy1 Russia's Real Achilles' Heel: The Best Way to Cripple the Kremlin Election0 The Only Post-Election U.S. Energy Solution Oil0 OPEC Has Never Done This Before Energy4 Two Kinds of Companies Will Profit from Argentina's Move Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Four More Reasons the "$13 Billion Gold Market Anomaly" Will Give You a Tenfold Return In yesterday’s Private Briefing, we gave you the first half of our report on the “$13 Billion Gold Market Anomaly.” In it, we explained what that anomaly is shared with you the one stock that will allow you to play it. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Access YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Invest After the Election Election0 The One Chart You Need to See Before the Market Opens Today Stocks0 The Only Investment Decision You Should Make Ahead of the Election Global Markets0 Duterte in Japan: A $1 Trillion Opportunity That the U.S. Lost in Translation Technology1 If You Think Tesla Scares Detroit, Wait 'till You See This Google2 How to Double Your Money with Google Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Stocks0 Our "Post-Trump" Play Is Leading the Markets Now Economic Data5 The First Thing Trump Should Do for the Economy Trading Strategies0 Two Trades to Prepare for the "Day After" Election0 Smart Money Bets Ahead of a "Dangerous" Election Trading Strategies0 A Simple, Powerful Strategy to Beat the Hedge Funds at Their Own Game The Fed5 Here's the Terrifying Endgame of Global Central Banking Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Washington0 If I Were Trump's Advisor, Here's What I'd Tell Him Election1 How to Profit No Matter Who Wins Today Dow Jones1 The S&P 500 Hit My Year-End Target 11 Months Early, So Here's My New Forecast Stocks0 We're in a Market Gridlock, but I See One Tiny Reason for Optimism Stocks0 The Untradeables: These Stocks Are Too Terrible to Buy, Hold, or Even Short Market Crash0 Stocks Are Selling Off – but Not for the Reason You Think Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Stocks0 Three Quick and Easy Profit Plays to Make Right Now Options1 The Latest Samsung Scandal Could Mean Triple-Digit Profits for Your Portfolio Options0 The Best Way to Play Earnings Ahead of the Election Trading Strategies0 The Only Two Tools You Need to Make an Easy Fortune in the Markets Economic Data0 Why Bearish Traders Should Look Good Next Year Bitcoin1 The Truth About the "Secret" Currency That Could Replace the U.S. Dollar Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 Move Fast – Because This “Singularity” Tech Is Traveling at 760 MPH Stocks1 This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You Technology0 Tuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity Technology3 How to Profit from the Next Generation of Defense Tech Technology0 The Real Winner in the AT&T Merger Is Beating the Market by Nearly Threefold in 2016 Technology0 How to Avoid Being Collateral Damage During the Next Cyberattack Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Energy0 The One Energy Sector Trump Could Change the Most – and No, It's Not Coal Energy0 What President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Energy1 Russia's Real Achilles' Heel: The Best Way to Cripple the Kremlin Election0 The Only Post-Election U.S. Energy Solution Oil0 OPEC Has Never Done This Before Energy4 Two Kinds of Companies Will Profit from Argentina's Move Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: When Will SpaceX Stock Hit the Market? – April 2015 Message: URL: http://mney.co/1PNBHBM  −  two  =  four Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: When Will SpaceX Stock Hit the Market? – April 2015 Message: URL: http://mney.co/1PNBHBM four  +  1  =  Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Tech Investing14 responses When Will SpaceX Stock Hit the Market? – April 2015 By Tara Clarke, Associate Editor, Money Morning • @TaraKateClarke • April 22, 2015 View Comments Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website two  +   =  10 Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Updated Dec. 22, 2015: Eager investors want to know if SpaceX stock is any closer to hitting the market – possible IPO in 2016? – especially after today's news from Florida… Last night, the company accomplished a historic landing. Ten minutes after its Falcon 9 rocket launched to carry 11 satellites into space, the rocket's booster touched back down safely in a vertical, pinpoint landing in Cape Canaveral. That means the booster can be reused – greatly diminishing the cost of space travel. This third attempt at booster recovery came after two unsuccessful tries. The first time, the Falcon 9 booster crashed and exploded after running out of hydraulic fluid on return. The second time, it was slightly off kilter and tipped over. "The Falcon has landed," SpaceX's launch commentator said in a webcast of the event. Applause, cheers, and "U.S.A." chants erupted at SpaceX's California headquarters. SpaceX CEO Elon Musk took to Twitter: Musk's moonshot private space exploration company is situated like a key in the doorway to an entire new wave of tech. The young entrepreneur is working hard to make SpaceX the preeminent commercial space flight firm in the world… SpaceX Dragon launched into low-earth orbit atop SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket on Dec. 8, 2010. The company has booked nearly 50 launches through 2017, expected to bring in roughly $5 billion in sales. SpaceX was the first commercial company hired by NASA to ferry supplies to the International Space Station (ISS). And it won another contract, along with Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA), to fly astronauts to the station. SpaceX aims to send humans to Mars' surface within 10 to 20 years. In a July 2013 interview with The Guardian, Elon Musk said he'd like to fund a colony of 80,000 people on the red planet – and become a colonist himself. "The key thing for me is to develop the technology to transport large numbers of people and cargo to Mars. That's the ultimate awesome thing." At a forum last year, Musk noted "there are no runways on Mars." In other words, rockets would have to land using the thrust of their engines – like the Falcon 9 booster did today. On top of all that, SpaceX remains consistently cash-flow positive, and has venture backing. Imagine the returns if you owned a chunk of SpaceX stock the day the news breaks that alien life exists… Owning SpaceX stock would be like owning Google stock when the company unlocked a way to organize and search data on the web – shares went up 179% their first year on the market. Search rivals that sprung up later, like Yahoo and Bing, have never caught up (more than two-thirds of the world's Internet searches were made through Google in 2013, the most recent available data). But there's a big obstacle preventing investors from snapping up SpaceX shares: it is still privately held and hasn't made any announcements to change… When Can You Buy SpaceX Stock? Money Morning Defense & Tech Specialist Michael A. Robinson, a 34-year Silicon Valley veteran and one of the top tech financial analysts today, thinks eventually we will be able to invest in SpaceX stock. "[Musk] hasn't yet announced plans to take SpaceX public, but I believe that's what he'll do. I base that on what happened with Tesla," Robinson said on Oct. 14, 2014. We can piece together a few telling clues from Musk himself… Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (14) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: buy spacex, buy spacex stock, can I buy spacex stock, can I invest in spaceX, can you buy spacex stock, elon musk, invest in SpaceX stock, spacex ipo, SpaceX stock, spacex stock 2015, spacex stock price, spacex stock symbol, spacex stock ticker, when will spacex stock hit the market V. Goodnight | April 22, 2015 I think the estimate is that it takes three light years to get to Mars. What would we do IF we ever got to Mars, –mess it up as is being done here? Let's clean up Planet Earth, there's plenty to do here. We can start with cleaning up the ocean. People running from one doctor to the next trying to find decent medical care but can't find it. We've spent billions on space when the money is needed right here. Come on people, let's use some common sense. Reply Serj | April 24, 2015 "I think the estimate is that it takes three light years to get to Mars." – Which grade are you? At closest range it's .00000589429108 light years, which is 34,649,589 miles. Reply Martin Cross | May 1, 2015 Mess up Mars? At its current state? There is nothing there to ruin. You assume athat because people invest in space that there is no money spent on Earth. Think Tesla Motors, Solar City, and the now battery for home storage, also fusion research if thats what you prefer. Also Desalination as energy becomes cheaper. Moreover, there will be money spent anywhere and circulated at least. People spending money on space also care about Earth, the environment. People (with jobs)get paid for it, marketers, suppliers, engineers, scientists, geologists, develepors, manufacturers whom they also donate money to good cause projects or organizations . Reply Bishop Goff | May 18, 2015 Whats a couple billion dollars for significant new scientific discoveries yet to be found with space exploration. Thats nothing we spent 600+ billion sending troops to protect democracy wink wink (protect oil wells). America would have trillions if GE, Google, OU Pont, verizon, and many more companies paid there taxes like we all do. They get to send there money to offshore accounts and pay ZERO in taxes. WERE NOT BROKE. Mars is step 1 Titan is step 2. If we go to Titan and bring just a little Helium3 from saturn we will be much closer to nuclear fusion..which is the key to energy and much cheaper space exploration. Reply drew | June 19, 2015 If the major corporations pay the taxes you suggest, you will pay a substantial premium for their products and the "trillions" you suggest we would have will be evaporated through a process called inflation. Corporations will not reduce their margins just because they now pay taxes. So, all you have achieved is an increase in the size of big government and a reduction of the purchasing power of the individual. Do you think the government can more appropriately spend your money than you can? I'm not even sure what your point is… that government should be funding space exploration? I think that SpaceX is a defining example that this is not necessary. Reply Neko | May 26, 2015 Light year is a unit of distance. It doesn't take 3 years at the speed of light to reach mars. If we don't leave Earth, we are eventually going to run into a planet killing asteroid, or other existential risk that would wipe out humanity. Hawking, Musk, Tyson, every forward thinking scientist says space is critical if we want humanity to be anything other than a blip on a cosmological timescale. Space or extinction. Reply james | June 10, 2015 no, not three light years to mars…4 light years to alpha centari the next nearest star (50,000 years with current technology) Mars takes 6-8 months, at the moment ; ) Reply David Zeiler | June 10, 2015 Just to be clear: a light-year is a measure of distance (how far light can travel in one year), not time. Reply Ryan | June 21, 2015 Umm might want to check your math again. It only takes months to get to Mars. That's using current tech. Odds are there'll be a boom in propulsion tech with the market going private from govt. Reply Not a fool | August 1, 2015 I have no idea where you're getting you're information, but you're wrong on so many levels. 1. A lightyear is a unit of distance, not time. It takes ~260 days to reach Mars. 2. Assuming you were talking distance: Mars is about one ten-thousandth of a lightyear away. Not 3. 3. The technology that comes out of investments in spaceflight technology significantly help Earth. They have for decades, and will continue to. Reply Morgan | September 12, 2016 One light year is a measure of distance, the distance light travels in a vacuum given one year. Reply H. Craig Bradley | April 23, 2015 CHASING MOONBEAMS SPACE X is a clear indication that the stock market is close to a top and peak in investor sentiment, as well. Only when such grandiose ideas are taken seriously can one spot an extreme in bullish sentiment, circa 1929. Pretty soon, they will be singing "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star…." like space scientists at JPL. Then, its back to earth in real time ( reentry). Reply Jerry Liebst | May 8, 2015 OK, Mars not so attractive short term!, maybe too far away for now; BUT the moon and all its' possibilities for use as a practical space station, future launching site to who knows where, not to mention mining its' vast resources, can literally be reached in days! Elon and SpaceX are the new Chris and his 3 boats. I don't want a seat on the boats but I would like to be waiting back on earth with the Queen of Spain. I'm in line, let me buy some stock ASAP! By the way, how did that made in a garage green screen calculator thingy workout? Reply Jeff | September 1, 2015 @V. Goodnight: You miss the entire point of why we should strive to reach Mars. "We Stopped Dreaming" – Neil deGrasse Tyson https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CbIZU8cQWXc Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 3  ×  3  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Four More Reasons the "$13 Billion Gold Market Anomaly" Will Give You a Tenfold Return Forget your password? Not a member? Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald Trading StrategiesHow to Invest After the Election ElectionThe One Chart You Need to See Before the Market Opens Today StocksThe Only Investment Decision You Should Make Ahead of the Election TechnologyMove Fast – Because This “Singularity” Tech Is Traveling at 760 MPH Stocks1This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You TechnologyTuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity StocksOur "Post-Trump" Play Is Leading the Markets Now Economic Data5The First Thing Trump Should Do for the Economy Trading StrategiesTwo Trades to Prepare for the "Day After" EnergyThe One Energy Sector Trump Could Change the Most – and No, It's Not Coal EnergyWhat President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Energy1Russia's Real Achilles' Heel: The Best Way to Cripple the Kremlin Trading StrategiesYou Won't Believe How Profitable the Next Four Years Could Be Stocks1This Long-View Play Will Make You (and Your Grandchildren) Rich The Fed2What Every Investor Needs to Know Between Now and 2017 Latest News November 18, 2016 By Cameron Saucier Leave a Comment How the Trump Tax Plan Will Affect Your Wallet November 18, 2016 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Flat as Traders Digest Fed Rate Chatter November 18, 2016 By Jim Wyckoff Leave a Comment Strong U.S. Dollar, Rising Bond Yields Pressure Global Stock Markets Friday Related Content How the Trump Tax Plan Will Affect Your Wallet Strong U.S. Dollar, Rising Bond Yields Pressure Global Stock Markets Friday One of the Best "Trump Stocks" to Buy Now If I Were Trump's Advisor, Here's What I'd Tell Him Trending Posts 5030 Reads 113 Likes 5 Marijuana Stocks to Watch in 2017 Our marijuana stocks to watch in 2017 list includes five stocks to keep an eye on. Here’s everything you need to know about these stocks and the booming industry. 3330 Reads 15 Likes Our "Post-Trump" Play Is Leading the Markets Now Rebuilding America is the Trump administration's top business priority. Now infrastructure stocks are on a tear - and this is the best way to play them... Today's Markets DJIA -29.88 (0.16%) 18,873.94 NASDAQ -9.59 (0.18%) 5,324.38 S&P -4.07 (0.19%) 2,183.05 GOOG -5.90 (0.77%) 765.33 GOOGL -5.70 (0.73%) 780.46 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us © 2016 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us YOUR PROFIT ALERTS Enjoy our new, free service that helps you make more money! When it comes to successfully profiting from the markets, timing is everything. Getting “in” before a stock makes its decisive move is a key part of growing your wealth and achieving financial freedom. Now Money Morning Profit Alerts lets you do just that... Get ahead of top profit opportunities by picking your areas of interest from the list below. You’ll get all our new money-making research in that area as soon as we release each update. It’s easy and free and you can add to your Profit Alert preferences at any time. Remember to hit “Save” to get started after you’ve picked your alerts.
null
null

Latest News Dow 18,873 -30.61 -0.16% Nasdaq 5,321 -13.08 -0.25% S&P 500 2,183 -4.45 -0.20% 11:24 A.M. ET Updated Treasury yields turn higher; 10-year above 2.3% 11:10 A.M. ET FanDuel, DraftKings announce merger plans 11:08 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 11:07 A.M. ET Updated How the dollar rally could threaten corporate earnings 11:05 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 11:04 A.M. ET Updated 4 reasons why a strong dollar may sink the stock-market rally in 2017 11:02 A.M. ET Updated Stock market’s ‘Trump rally’ is mostly a bank rally 11:01 A.M. ET Updated Here are Goldman’s 2017 forecasts for stocks, oil and more — in one chart 11:00 A.M. ET Updated Dollar extends climb to 10th session as Yellen refuels the bulls 10:59 A.M. ET Kanye says he would have voted for Trump, if he had bothered to go to the polls 10:47 A.M. ET Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 10:46 A.M. ET How to be smarter than the gadgets in your home this holiday season​ 10:43 A.M. ET U.S. stocks turn lower; major indexes down about 0.2% 10:42 A.M. ET Updated What President-elect Trump means for every U.S. industry 10:42 A.M. ET Updated Trump’s plans for trade and foreign policy could end up hurting the U.S. 10:40 A.M. ET This is how savings experts do their holiday shopping 10:38 A.M. ET Breaking Treasury yields turn higher; 10-year up 0.7 basis point at 2.308% 10:36 A.M. ET Updated Here’s when markets close on Black Friday 10:36 A.M. ET Updated The euro is on its longest losing streak ever 10:27 A.M. ET Updated Gold slides toward $1,200, set for second-straight weekly decline Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until London Markets Close Currencies Futures Metals Stocks Home Industries Aerospace/Defense Rolls-Royce names HS2's Simon Kirby as COO By Robert Wall Published: Sept 12, 2016 2:40 a.m. ET Share By RobertWall LONDON--British aircraft-engine maker Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC has appointed Simon Kirby as chief operating officer as it labors to boost profitability. The move is the latest by Chief Executive Warren East to rebuild Rolls-Royce in the wake of a series of profit warnings. The company, which is no longer affiliated with the luxury car maker, is bracing for a big ramp-up in production of its commercial aircraft engines to satisfy demand for Airbus Group SE and Boeing Co. long-range jets. Mr. Kirby, 51 years old, currently runs government-owned HS2 Ltd., the company charged with building a new high-speed rail system in the U.K. He will join Rolls-Royce in the newly created position in the coming months, the London-based company said Saturday. Mr. Kirby, who previously held jobs in the British defense industry, will be responsible for overseeing efforts to simplify Rolls-Royce's operations in a bid to boost returns, Rolls-Royce said. Rolls-Royce has been struggling with weak demand for some of its aircraft engines. The prolonged slump in oil prices also has damped sales of its marine and power-systems units. The London-based company this year announced the first cut in its dividend since 1992 to deal with falling earnings. Last year, it appointed Mr. East as its CEO. He has since been pushing the company to more quickly revamp its operations to recover from a series of earnings missteps. The company has cut thousands of jobs, including thinning out management ranks to become more responsive to volatile market conditions. Mr. East said the new chief operating officer, who won't be a board member, would play a "critical role" as Rolls-Royce boost aircraft engine output, grow the nuclear power unit, and implement efforts to cut costs at the company. Rolls-Royce in July said it made an underlying profit of only GBP77 million ($102 million) in the first six months of the year. The company suffered a GBP1.8 billion loss in the period after a mark-to-market noncash revaluation of U.S. currency hedges in the wake of the sharp fall in sterling after Britain's vote to leave the European Union. Rolls-Royce also has seen U.S. activist investor ValueAct Capital Management LP become its largest shareholder with a stake of more than 10%. In March, Rolls-Royce appointed Bradley Singer, ValueAct's chief operating officer, to the board. Rolls-Royce chairman Ian Davis in May told shareholders the path to financial recovery would take time. The company expects a decline in sales and profit this year. Write to Robert Wall at robert.wall@wsj.com More from MarketWatch Opinion Journal: The New Trump Democrats Google lays the digital smackdown on Pixel resellers Kellyanne Conway Discusses How to ‘Drain the Swamp’ MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate An airy three-bedroom loft with private elevator access in Manhattan’s Flatiron district View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews

No Ads Thursday | November 10, 2016 Trending Hacked: Clinton team ripped star Obama appointee 10/18/16 01:04 PM Clinton's loss followed legacy of electoral failures 11/10/16 12:01 AM Lawmaker: Trump's win like the Fourth of July, winning the Super Bowl 11/09/16 02:19 PM For 4th straight election, Libertarians get more votes than Greens 11/09/16 05:52 PM WikiLeaks not letting up on Clinton, Podesta 11/09/16 03:03 PM Trump critics call for crackdown on conservative media 10/24/16 12:39 PM Conway shatters glass ceiling as first woman to run a successful presidential campaign 11/10/16 12:01 AM A fitting end to Hillary Clinton's public service career 11/09/16 05:21 PM NEA tells teachers 'organize,' don't 'move to Canada' 11/09/16 04:15 PM Reuniting America 11/10/16 12:03 AM McConnell sees Pence as White House liaison 11/10/16 12:01 AM Netanyahu congratulates Trump: 'I look forward to working with you' 11/09/16 12:33 PM Feds: American expatriations near 4th annual record 11/09/16 01:09 PM Clinton booed by Wall Street traders on Wednesday: 'Lock her up' 11/09/16 08:11 PM Tom DeLay's advice to Ryan in a new Congress 11/10/16 12:01 AM Sanders offers Trump an olive branch and a warning 11/09/16 06:53 PM How Republicans might repeal and replace Obamacare 11/09/16 10:08 PM Donald Trump's astounding victory: How and why 11/09/16 05:39 PM World leaders react to Trump's victory 11/09/16 07:34 AM Controversies blocked Clinton's path to White House 11/09/16 04:03 AM #TrumpTrain rocked social media with 29.1M followers 11/09/16 02:50 PM Regulator who backed Drudge crackdown might be next California AG 10/14/16 07:00 PM Trump in 2012: Electoral College is 'disaster for a democracy' 11/09/16 06:52 PM Black voting low, threatens Clinton 11/08/16 03:50 PM Spokesman: Bush 43 did not vote for Trump or Clinton 11/08/16 06:14 PM Tom Cotton defends Trump: 'Waterboarding isn't torture' 11/09/16 07:41 PM Election night TV ratings come close to 2008 record 11/09/16 07:30 PM Candlelight vigil mourning Clinton's loss outside White House draws hundreds 11/09/16 06:35 PM Election results leave Americans with questions about populism. Here are some answers 11/10/16 12:01 AM Republicans accuse FEC Dems of trying to regulate Facebook pages 10/12/16 12:01 AM Liberal group: 'Fight a conservative takeover of the courts' 11/09/16 09:38 PM In defeat, Clinton supporters despair, float conspiracies 11/09/16 05:57 PM Could Trumpcare become Obamacare lite? Maybe 11/09/16 05:06 PM 'What goes around' principle comes back to haunt minority party 11/10/16 12:01 AM Buchanan: Trump's candidacy permanently 'emasculated' political elite 11/08/16 12:46 PM McAuliffe says he wouldn't take job in new Clinton administration 11/08/16 07:14 PM Chaffetz: Investigation into Clinton's email server will continue 11/09/16 06:43 PM Thousands flood streets to protest Trump in seven cities 11/09/16 09:37 PM Gingrich: Giuliani, Sessions should have 'major' roles in Trump administration 11/09/16 11:51 PM Don't blame the presidential race polls 11/10/16 06:00 AM Abortion foes dream big with Trump victory 11/09/16 11:00 PM Conservative clean energy could be Trump's climate plan 11/10/16 12:01 AM Drug industry scores with Trump victory 11/10/16 12:01 AM Hillary concedes in purple, color of pain, suffering, Last Rites, royalty 11/09/16 12:29 PM Trump narrows the empathy gap 11/09/16 05:04 PM Limbaugh: George W. Bush voted for Clinton 11/08/16 02:05 PM Colin Kaepernick: 'Didn't really matter' who won election 11/10/16 09:10 AM Tax reform positioned to be 100-day priority for Trump 11/09/16 06:01 PM Biden invites Pence to dinner at VP residence 11/09/16 05:44 PM Press freedom group warns of 'potentially dangerous reality' under Trump 11/10/16 07:27 AM Home 2016 Election Politics Politics Home White House Congress Washington Secrets Campaigns Policy Policy Home Budgets & Deficits Health Care Economy Law Environment & Energy Technology Defense & National Security Special Reports Magazine Magazine Home Digital Edition Opinion Opinion Home Editorial Cartoons Editorials Columnists Op-Eds Commentary Series Watchdog Watchdog Home Investigative Series Beltway Confidential Media Video Newsletters Podcasts Employee Rights Act About Us About Us Editorial Advertise Contact Us Unions across the U.S. are reaching out to immigrants in hopes of expanding their dwindling ranks by recruiting millions of workers who entered the U.S. illegally. (AP Photo/Seth Perlman,File) How Obama has tilted the workplace for unions By Sean Higgins (@seanghiggins) • 9/12/16 12:01 AM Sean Higgins Senior Writer The Washington Examiner http://s3.amazonaws.com/content.washingtonexaminer.biz/images/static/authors/HeadshotHiggins_Sean.jpg Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More President Obama has been arguably the most pro-labor chief executive since Harry Truman. He has appointed staunch labor allies to the federal agencies that watch unions, and he has tilted the regulatory field in organized labor's favor through reintepreting old rules and implementing new ones. "I am proud and humbled to be your humble servant as labor secretary," Obama's first labor secretary, Hilda Solis, told the AFL-CIO labor federation at its 2009 convention in Pittsburgh. As far as labor leaders are concerned, Solis and her successor, Tom Perez, have delivered. "President Obama has been a good president for working people," AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka said at a Sept. 1 Christian Science Monitor breakfast. Since his days as a community organizer in Chicago, Obama has had close relations with labor unions, and organizations such as the Service Employees International Union were among his earliest and most vocal supporters when he ran for the White House in 2008. Stay abreast of the latest developments from nation's capital and beyond with curated News Alerts from the Washington Examiner news desk and delivered to your inbox. Sorry, there was a problem processing your email signup. Please try again later. Processing... Thank you for signing up for Washington Examiner News Alerts. You should receive your first alert soon! Steve Bernstein, a management-side lawyer with the firm Fisher & Phillips, said Obama's approach has made a noticeable difference: Unions are emboldened and taking more cases to court rather than settling. "Legal precedents that stood for decades vanished overnight. It is increasingly difficult to advise clients," he said. Vincent Vernuccio, a labor policy analyst for the Michigan-based conservative nonprofit Mackinac Center, called the Obama administration "the most blatantly partisan" presidency toward unions in history. But he argued that unions may come to regret the administration's approach since it relied almost entirely on regulation rather than Congress. The next president will have the same expanded executive powers. "What should be worrying to unions is that federal agencies tend to swing like pendulums. A future president could send it in the opposite direction," he noted. Obama's first-term Labor Dept.: Slow start with Congress leads to regs Also from the Washington Examiner Heritage ready to wage Obamacare repeal battle again Heritage Action is insisting Republicans try to knock down all of the healthcare law. By Paige Winfield Cunningham • 11/10/16 5:57 PM The Obama administration did not start off well for unions as it failed to deliver on the issue that topped labor's wish list: "card check." The term refers to a proposal to change the rules for union workplace elections, eliminating the right of employers to call for a federally monitored secret ballot vote when a union claims to have the majority support of the workers. A union's claim of majority is typically shown through cards signed by the workers — hence, the term "card check." There is no mechanism to prevent the numerous cases of fraud and coercion in obtaining the signatures that have been found by federal regulators. The secret ballot vote verifies the union's claim. Unions win those votes about 68 percent of the time, according to federal data. Labor leaders instead wanted the government to grant union recognition immediately based on the signed cards. Labor's congressional allies gave the legislation the name "the Employee Free Choice Act." The legislation proved too radical, and despite an aggressive push during Obama's first term, Congress never took it up, even when the Democrats had the majority. Also from the Washington Examiner Sanders backs Minnesota congressman in looming fight for DNC chair Donna Brazile's interim term as DNC chair will end in March 2017. By Sarah Westwood • 11/10/16 5:41 PM After that, the administration decided to work exclusively through executive branch rulemaking, bypassing Congress entirely. Solis' gift to unions was to roll back transparency regulations put in place by the Bush administration to uncover fraud and embezzlement by union officials. The Obama administration said at the time that the rollback "promotes transparency" even though it drastically reduced the amount of disclosure required by unions. The Federal Register announcement for the change stated the rollback's purpose was "to avoid overburdening unions and their officials with unnecessary reporting requirements." The Bush rules prevented some serious corruption: Labor Department investigations recovered $93 million of stolen dues on behalf of union members during the previous administration. After rolling the rules back, the Obama administration stopped publishing the amount of money recovered from corruption investigations. Labor Dept. under Tom Perez: 'Props' from unions Current Labor Secretary Tom Perez has been more pro-union, with the department issuing several new rules under his watch. "We have to give him his props and the department its props," said Lee Saunders, president of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, during a Sept. 1 Labor Day webcast that had Perez as its guest. The department vastly expanded the number of workers who are eligible for overtime pay. It rewrote an old rule that allowed employers to exempt certain workers from receiving time and a half provided that the worker made at least $23,000 annually. The new rule put the cutoff at $47,000, expanding coverage to an estimated 4.2 million more workers. The department also has issued new rules regarding lawyers who advise employers on labor law. Previously, lawyers were required to financially disclose their work if they interacted with employees. That was known as the "persuader rule," since the lawyers typically made the case to employees against unionizing. Under new rules issued this year, lawyers must disclose the arrangements even if they never meet with employees and only advise management. The rule is expected to cause many smaller law firms to stop providing the advice. Obama also issued an executive order in 2014 requiring federal contractors to pay a minimum wage of at least $10.10, mostly a symbolic gesture since existing pay rules on federal contracting already put most contractors' wages well above that. More significantly, the Labor Department issued a rule this summer requiring all contractors bidding for projects of $500,000 or more to disclose any violations within the last three years of 14 federal labor and safety laws, as well as violations of any equivalent state laws. In effect, any contractor that has had a run-in with a union or federal agency gets put on a blacklist, even if they are still fighting any complaints in court. The department also has fostered labor's efforts to build support in immigrant communities. It has signed formal agreements with the embassies of Ecuador, Guatemala, Honduras, Peru and the Philippines to teach immigrants from those nations about U.S. labor rights both before and after they arrive. The agreements make no distinction between legal and illegal immigrants. The National Labor Relations Board: Rewriting the rules Equally aggressive has been the National Labor Relations Board, the main federal labor law enforcement agency. In an unprecedented move, the board in 2011 charged airplane manufacturer Boeing with illegal retaliation against the union that represented its Washington state workers because it was opening a new factory in South Carolina, even though none of the West Coast workers were fired, laid off or otherwise harmed. The board said that expanding to a different state — South Carolina is right-to-work — was proof that the company was retaliating. Business groups were alarmed. The controversy fizzled out when Boeing settled with the union in late 2011, prompting the labor board to withdraw the complaint. When Obama took office, the five-member board had often lacked a working quorum. During the last year of President George W. Bush's administration, it had only two members because Senate Democrats refused to allow any votes on nominees to fill the vacancies. Appointing a full five-member pro-union board was a top priority for labor leaders. Obama used recess appointments to install three members in January 2012. Those included Richard Griffin, a former top lawyer with the International Union of Operating Engineers, and Sharon Block, a former Ted Kennedy staffer. The president didn't give the Senate an opportunity to hold hearings on his nominees, although Democrats had majority control at the time. The Supreme Court declared the appointments unconstitutional in the 2014 case National Labor Relations Board v. Noel Canning, retroactively voiding a year's worth of work by the board. After aggressive lobbying by the White House, the Senate agreed to vote on a slate of different nominees and approved Griffin as the board's general counsel. Republican lawmakers apparently thought that was a demotion for Griffin, but it gave him more authority. While the board has final say, the general counsel effectively runs the board and directs its investigations. Under Obama and particularly under Griffin, the labor board has become one of the most controversial federal agencies, with business groups and congressional Republicans calling for it to be reined in. Its potentially most far-reaching change came in 2014, when the board charged McDonald's Corp. as a "joint employer" in a series of unfair-labor-practice complaints against its franchised restaurants by a union branch, even though the franchises were mostly privately owned, and therefore legally separate, businesses. The labor board since then has charged several other businesses under the expanded joint employer definition. Previously, a joint employer charge could be brought only if a company had "direct control" over another company's workers. The new definition uses a vaguer "indirect control" standard that is a vast expansion of legal liability for corporations, which now could find themselves on the hook for fines incurred by any other business they have a connection to. The rule is a boon to unions, allowing them to focus organizing campaigns on the corporate parent rather than having to unionize each franchise individually. The labor board also has expanded the definition of "worker." Perhaps its most famous action under Obama came in 2014, when the director of its Chicago regional office said Northwestern University football players could form a union. The board overturned the decision on the grounds that it did not have jurisdiction. However, two years later, the board declared that teachers' assistants were eligible to form unions, which could send labor costs — and tuition — higher. Traditionally, organizing a workplace required unions to have the support of a majority of all workers. The board reversed that policy in 2011, allowing for the existence of so-called "micro-unions," small subsets of a workplace's employees such as those in the cosmetics section of a Macy's. The reversal made it easier for unions to gain a foothold in companies where they didn't have full worker support. The board also has worked to make unionizing easier. In 2014, it adopted what has become known as the "speedy election" rule, requiring most workplace unionization votes to be held about two weeks after the board authorizes them, a process that previously could take months. Labor leaders had long called for a change, complaining that the old standard gave employers too much time to make the case against forming a union. The new rule gives employers a week after a vote is authorized to raise any concerns, such as whether certain employees should be eligible to vote. If the employers miss the deadline, they forfeit the right to raise objections. The rule also limits the evidence employers may use in their objections and allows the board's regional directors to defer ruling on them until after the vote. That renders many of management's objections moot because the company is unionized by the time the board investigates them. The change has helped unions to win more elections, though the effect has been marginal. The speedy election rule has another notable provision: It requires employers to turn over all employee contact information to any union seeking to represent their workers, including private phone numbers and email addresses, whether workers agree or not. When a union lost a 2015 vote to represent a group of Connecticut hospital workers, the labor board ordered a re-vote because the hospital gave the union only 94 percent of the workers' phone numbers. The hospital said it didn't have up-to-date information for the rest. Like the Labor Department, the board has fostered unions' efforts to build support in immigrant communities. The board has signed formal agreements with the embassies of Mexico, Ecuador and the Philippines to teach immigrants from those nations about U.S. labor rights before and after they arrive. Last year, Griffin expanded on those agreements by announcing a new policy in which the labor board will help to facilitate temporary visas for illegal immigrants to testify in labor rights violations cases against their employers. The board was attempting to resolve, in its favor, a longstanding catch-22: The board and other agencies interpret federal worker protection laws to extend to all employees regardless of immigration status, but federal immigration law says employers must fire people who are not legally eligible to work in the U.S. Now employers who try to comply with the law by firing an illegal immigrant worker can find themselves facing charges from the labor board. The Justice Department even released a video in late August advising employers not to terminate immigrants after their employment authorization expires, warning that it was potentially a form of discrimination. No matter has been too small for the labor board. Last year it instituted new rules for writing employee manuals, expanding what counts as violations of workers' rights. The labor board decided, for example, that a company rule prohibiting "false or misleading representations about your credentials or your work" is illegal. The labor board hasn't won every battle. In 2011, it instituted a new rule requiring employers to prominently display a poster explaining union rights. The rule was struck down in court in 2013, and the board hasn't tried to revive it. Top Story EPA rushing through regulations after Donald Trump election "[W]e're running — not walking — through the finish line of President Obama's presidency." By John Siciliano • 11/10/16 3:21 PM Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More Comments Sign Up for the Examiner Today newsletter! Please enter your information below to begin receiving the Examiner Today newsletter. You must enter a valid email address in the field above! Thank you for signing up for the Examiner Today newsletter! You should receive your first newsletter very soon. We're sorry, there was an error processing your newsletter signup. Please click here to visit our Newsletter Signup Center to register for this newsletter. TOPICS News | Sean Higgins | Labor unions | Barack Obama | Labor | Economy | NLRB | Thomas Perez | Regulation | Magazine | Employee Rights Act | Obama Legacy Subscribe to Alerts + News + Sean Higgins + Labor Unions + Barack Obama + Labor + Economy + NLRB + Thomas Perez + Regulation + Magazine + Employee Rights Act + Obama Legacy Learn more about Washington Examiner's Alerts The Washington Examiner http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/s3/wex15/img/wex_eagle_large.png The Washington Examiner 2016 Washington, DC Politics 2016-09-12 http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/how-obama-has-tilted-the-workplace-for-unions/article/2601330 2016-09-12T00:01 2016-09-09T15:34 How Obama has tilted the workplace for unions President appointed labor allies to supervisory agencies, reinterpreted old rules and implemented new ones. Politics,News,Sean Higgins,Labor unions,Barack Obama,Labor,Economy,NLRB,Thomas Perez,Minusextra,Regulation,Magazine,Employee Rights Act,Obama Legacy http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-08f2579d903fc9e7cc58381131d30c63.jpg http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-08f2579d903fc9e7cc58381131d30c63.jpg 280280 Loading Next Article × THANKS FOR SHARING! Sign up for the Examiner Today newsletter which delivers a must-read briefing with exclusive reports and cutting-edge insights direct to your mailbox. I’ve already done this. Please don't show this to me again Can't find what you're looking for? Home About Us Magazine & Archives Editorial Advertise Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Close Ad
Close Sections Features A&E Comics News Opinions Sports The Stagnant MCMA Winners About The Current Our History What’s Current Wednesdays (News at Noon) The Current on Air Current and Past Editors in Chief Donate to The Current Contact Us Submit a Letter to Editor Advertising With The Current Submit Event Apply Online Departments Writing Department Radio Department Photo Department Video Department Production Department Operations Department Current Executives Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Instagram Skip to content Search Close The Current University of Missouri – Saint Louis's Independent Student Newspaper Sections Features A&E Comics News Opinions Sports The Stagnant MCMA Winners About The Current Our History What’s Current Wednesdays (News at Noon) The Current on Air Current and Past Editors in Chief Donate to The Current Contact Us Submit a Letter to Editor Advertising With The Current Submit Event Apply Online Departments Writing Department Radio Department Photo Department Video Department Production Department Operations Department Current Executives Menu Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Instagram Search box Posted on September 11, 2016September 12, 2016 by Leah Jones Study Abroad Options Showcased at Annual Fair Skip to entry content By Jessie Eikmann, Staff Writer Students visit tables at the Study Abroad Fair – CANDICE MURDOCK/THE CURRENT Normally, representatives of such vastly different places as South Korea, France, the Netherlands, and Italy do not even gather in the same room, let alone right next to each other. But the University of Missouri-St. Louis’ annual Study Abroad Fair on August 31 gave students a closely-packed, but culturally diverse, sampling of the study abroad opportunities available for UMSL students. From 10 a.m. to 1:30 p.m., students, faculty, and program directors had tables in the second floor rotunda of the Millennium Student Center, inviting curious students to explore just a few of UMSL’s study abroad options. Some of the tables at the Study Abroad Fair were people from non-UMSL umbrella companies that partner with many institutions to help students find a host university and program that fits their majors. One such company was CISabroad, which sent two representatives to the fair to explain their services: Director of University Relations Operations Heidi Bohn and Regional Director Aaron Fauchet. Bohn said, “We have 22 locations around the world and we have multiple universities at each location…We’re providing the partnership with the university, we’re providing the site directors on the ground, we’re providing airport transportation and housing. We’re packaging it so a student can go and…earn credits or intern abroad and come back with that international experience that they can then apply towards the future.” Fauchet added, “We also make it easier for students to really navigate the process of enrolling at a foreign institution. So there’s the consideration of maybe needing a visa to stay there and figuring out how to sign up for classes at a foreign institution. We have the inside knowledge for navigating that system.” Fauchet and Bohn talked about their own great experiences abroad—Bohn in an internship program in Ecuador and Fauchet in a study abroad program in France—and said that their travels made them want to, in Bohn’s words, “help students start their own journeys.” Two of the people that seemed most excited to tell students about their study abroad program were Nicole Shores, graduate, international business and Matthew Coker, graduate, information systems. Shores and Coker went on UMSL’s first trip abroad to the United Arab Emirates (UAE) over the last winter intersession. Both Shores and Coker were impressed with the program and its opportunities for business majors. Coker said, “I like all of the networking opportunities we had. We got to go visit a bunch of international companies to meet with some executives…Most of the ones we visited were St. Louis-based companies.” These executives, who came from such well-known companies as Boeing and Emerson, gave presentations to the students about their companies, and the students got the chance to ask about how to navigate the regulations of doing business and starting companies overseas. As Shores explained, this is particularly relevant in the UAE. “With the UAE they have free trade zones set up where you can start a business a little bit easier than you would have to within the country…They have laws where if you do set up business and it’s not in a free trade zone, you actually have to partner with an Emirati that lives there,” Shores said. The students were also able to learn about how to deal with the cultural differences of living in a place like the UAE, where only 20 percent of the people are natives and the rest are expatriates, immigrants, and tourists. In addition to learning some tips about international business, Coker and Shores got to experience some examples of the luxuriance and decadence of the UAE. They were treated to camel rides, belly dancers, a safari, and even an unexpected opportunity to meet Liam Neeson when he came to UAE for the premiere of “Taken 3.” And the companies they talked with pulled out all the stops to make them feel like royalty, even going so far as to pick students up for meetings in brand-new Lexuses and Mercedes. Shores said, “It’s definitely worth it. The country and the Emirates that we visited, they’re just as magnificent as they show on TV.” While most of the tables were UMSL students and faculty that were pitching their study abroad programs, a student at one of the tables spoke from a slightly different perspective. Justine Pieau, senior, business, is a new exchange student from France who was working at the French table. She said that so far her experience in St. Louis has been drastically different from her life in France. “This is a really huge place compared to France,” Pieau said. “In my school there is just one building, and here this is a really big campus. In my school maybe there are around 2,000, and here there are maybe 15,000 or 17,000.” Pieau is here at UMSL to complete her required semester of study or internship abroad as part of a five-year business program. She was drawn to UMSL because of its convenient location relative to the city and because of its top-rated business school. She also encouraged curious students to apply to be an exchange student, as the process is not overly complicated. “I think this is quite easy to do, just to complete some admissions papers [and] make contact with the department of languages.” She hopes to use the experience she gets from UMSL to work in accounting. Pieau said, “I would like to work in a big four, like auditing and that, and maybe create my own company, but we will see.” According to Study Abroad Coordinator Nate Daugherty, UMSL has over 100 study abroad options in 45 countries. Of these, about 20 are short-term programs, meaning that they are two to four-week programs in the summer or the winter intersession. The rest are long-term programs, which can be for a semester or an academic year. Daugherty said, “We send about 200 students abroad every year, but that keeps going up and we hope that it keeps going up. I actually have a goal of 250 by 2019, so we’re getting there.” He also advised students that studying abroad is not as expensive as people might think. “I’d like to make sure students know…that financial aid and scholarships are available for study abroad because most of our programs are actually earning UMSL credits and paying UMSL tuition rates, so you can use your UMSL financial aid typically [and] scholarships, too,” said Daugherty. Daugherty also said that there are a few new programs, including a political science course in Ghana, a criminology and criminal justice course in the Netherlands, and an art history and studio art course in India. The deadline to apply for most programs in winter and spring is September 23, and the deadline for most summer and fall programs is February 23. For more information, visit studyabroad.umsl.edu or visit the Study Abroad office in room 304 of the Social Sciences and Business Building. This entry was posted in:Features Tagged with:Aaron Fauchet, abroad, CISabroad, France, Ghana, Heidi Bohn, international, Jessie Eikmann, Justine Pieau, Liam Neeson, Matthew Coker, Millenium Student Center, Nate Daugherty, Netherlands, Nicole Shores, South Korea, study, study abroad, Study Abroad Fair, The Natherlands, UAE, UMSL, United Arab Emerites, University of Missouri - St. Louis Post navigation Previous Post 5th in Nation UMSL Roller Hockey Ready To Return Next Post UMSL Zoologist Wins Award for Publications Find Something on The Current’s Website Search for: No Reproduction Without Written Permission of the Editor in Chief of 'The Current.' Back to top Skip to toolbar About WordPress WordPress.org Documentation Support Forums Feedback Log in Search
null
null
Skip to main content Subscribe TRENDING NEW ISSUE BRILLIANT 10 OSIRIS-REX DRONES DRIVERLESS CARS ZIKA TOPICS ANIMALS AVIATION CARS DIY ENERGY ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT GADGETS HEALTH MILITARY SCIENCE SPACE TECHNOLOGY VIDEOS BLOGS THE BIODESIGN CHALLENGE BOXPLOT DO TRY THIS AT HOME EASTERN ARSENAL EEK SQUAD KINDERLAB OUR MODERN PLAGUES SPEED LAB SURE HOUSE UNDER THE MICROSCOPE VINTAGE SPACE ZERO MOMENT SHOP FEATURES Archives Follow us email facebook twitter Google Plus instagram tumblr pinterest youTube rss Subscribe SUBSCRIBE to the Magazine Popular Science Blogs Eastern Arsenal Monitoring China's growing military might—and what it means for the world. By Jeffrey Lin & Peter W. Singer China Will Resurrect The World's Largest Plane Signs deal to restart Ukrainian An-225 By Jeffrey Lin and P.W. Singer posted Sep 7th, 2016 at 10:15am Antonov An-225 The An-225, which can carry 250 tons of cargo, is the world's heaviest aircraft. China buying and building An-225s would exponentially increase its power projection capabilities not just in Asia, but across the world. On August 30, members of the Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AICC) and the Antonov Corporation, the leading Ukrainian aviation company, signed an agreement to restart production of the AN-225, the world's largest cargo aircraft. Antonov To Space The An-225's large size was the result of its initial mission to transport the massive Soviet Buran space shuttle, which could weigh up to 105 tons, to launch. Unrealized Soviet planes also intended for the An-225 to launch other reusable space launch systems in mid air. The 640 ton, six engine An-225 is the world's largest aircraft. Measuring at 84 meters in length and a wingspan of over 88 meters, it carries a world record payload of 250 tons (to put this into comparison, it can carry around 300,000 lbs more than the US military's Boeing made C-17). The sole operational An-225 began flying in 1988, initially carrying the Soviet Buran, a 105 ton reusable spaceplane, on its back. It was put into storage after the Soviet collapse, but restored and put into commercial service in 2002. Since then it has been rented out, flying super heavy cargos like gas and wind turbines, as well as military supplies for NATO forces in the Middle East. Ivchenko Progress D-18T The powerful Ivchenko Progress D-18T turbofan, which produces 23 tons of thrust, will also be license produced by China to power domestically built An-225, and possibly other Chinese heavy transport aircraft. The first phase of the agreement between AICC and Antonov will result in the completion and flight of the incomplete second An-225 in 2019. The second stage of the project will involve the complete transfer of technology, including the 23 ton thrust Progress D-18T turbofan engines, to China, for licensed production of a modernized version in Sichuan Province. =GT at China Defense Forum 3325 3325 is the first of China's domestically built Zubr armed hovercraft, commissioned in early 2014. Weighing over 400 tons fully loaded, it can carry three battle tanks or company of armed soldiers. Presaging the An-225 deal, China purchased Ukrainian built Zubrs, as well as domestically building Zubrs at Chinese shipyard under license produciton. Despite China's close relationship with Russia, Ukraine's rival, China has purchased outright and licensed a number of Ukrainian aviation and naval platforms, such as the ex Varyag aircraft carrier, the Zubr hovercraft and the An-178. Antonov itself has also provided design and technical advice for the Chinese ARJ-21 region jetliner and Y-20 heavy transport aircraft. CCTV Forward Sino-Ukrainian Relations The official announcement and signing of the understanding to restart the An-225 production line was given high support by the Chinese government, despite the official Chinese partner, AICC, being relatively undersized compared to the AVIC industrial giant. With the ceremony signed in the Diaoyu state guesthouse in Beijing, and presence of senior government officials, it is clear that there is strong government support for China for this deal. While AICC itself is a relatively small company, it could leverage its government connections to draw heavily on aviation giant AVIC's extensive Sichuan production base. Antonov Waiting for 2019 With much of the fuselage structurally complete, the second An-225 will have its wings, engines and avionics integrated on in the next three years before being handed over to China in 2019. Compared to the first An-225, it has a rear mounted cargo door and single tail, suggesting a greater emphasis on transporting internal cargo, compared to its Buran space shuttle carrying older brother. Finishing the second An-225 by 2019 is an achievable goal, given that the airframe is already 60-70 percent complete. AICC will likely provide the majority of $300 million needed to complete the aircraft. Assuming that the second phase of the deal is completed, a completely Chinese version of the An-225 could begin first flights in the mid 2020s. Ukrainian Internet Belly of the Mriya In addition to carrying space shuttles, the An-225 could carry multiple tanks, such as these four main battle tanks. A Chinese An-225 could not only carry a platoon of China's latest heavy tanks, but also other military cargo like missile launchers and heavy artillery. For China, the An-225 would open whole new frontiers in commercial and military air transportation. A fleet of civilian An-225s could quickly ship heavy and bulky cargoes of massive scale, ranging from construction equipment to consumer goods. For humanitarian purposes, the An-225 could support disaster relief operations, able to fly in not just large amounts of aid, but also by bringing infrastructure like power generation and water treatment that are normally too big for airlift. On the military front, the An-225 would provide China with the kind of large and global lift that not even the US has possessed, except by rental. The plane is large enough to carry helicopters, tanks, artillery and ballistic missiles to anywhere in the world, or even other aircraft like smaller fighter jets. The An-225's unparalleled payload could even make it a space launch platform, or the ultimate mothership for drone operations. In many ways, China's build up of global airlift capabilities mirrors the immense gains it has made in global sealift, investing deeply to reach across the globe in coming year. You may also be interested in: A Chinese Company Bets on an Ukrainian Cargo Plane China's Hybrid Spaceplane Could Reset the 21st Century Space Race The World's Largest Military Plane in Production is China's Y-20 China Builds Power Projection Foundation With New Plane and Warship Not Sexy As Stealth, but Maybe More Important: China Shows Off New Cargo Planes China's Most Powerful Aircraft Engine Ever Takes to the Skies Finally, A Modern Chinese Aerial Tanker Mission from Crimea: Second Zubr Hovercraft Delivered to China Tags: china airplanes Aviation Editors' Picks Latest News Videos Subscribe Renew Customer Service Privacy Policy Terms of Use Abuse Masthead Contact Us Popular Science TV Copyright © 2016 Popular Science. A Bonnier Corporation Company. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Visit Our Sister SitesDestination Weddings & HoneymoonFlorida Travel + LifeIslandsSaveurScuba DivingScuba IntroSport DiverBoatingCruising WorldFlyingMarlinMarlin UniversitySailing WorldSalt Water SportsmanSport FishingWakeboardingWaterSkiYachtingAmerican PhotoField & StreamOutdoor LifePopular SciencePopular PhotographySHOT BusinessATV RiderBaggersCycle WorldDirt RiderHot BikeMotorcycle CruiserMotorcyclistSport RiderStreet ChopperSuper StreetbikeUTV DriverWorking MotherWorld Entertainment ServicesWorld Sports & Marketing
Home Telecom Startups Gadgets Contact Skip links Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar Home Telecom Startups Gadgets Contact PIA Misses Revenue Targets by 21% 48Shares FacebookTwitterGoogleWhatsappLinkedinPrint Amin Yusufzai 2 months ago Pakistan International Airlines (PIA) has missed revenue target of Rs 54.77 billion budgeted for the first six months (Jan-July) of the current calendar year 2016 by a wide margin of 21 percent and was recorded at Rs 43.19 billion. Revenues Down in 2016 Top PIA officials revealed while briefing the Senate Special Committee on Performance of PIA, the revenue is 6.4 percent lesser than Rs 46.15 billion, collected during the same period last year. The officials stated that the decrease in fares, after decline in oil prices, and tough competition with other airlines caused the decreased revenue. However, not to be mentioned, PIA only reduced fares by 18-19 percent while other competitors reduced prices by about 30-35 percent, said officials when Parliamentarians raised questions and asked for comparisons. Committee’s Instructions to PIA The committee, under Mushahid Ullah’s chairmanship, raised questions on PIA’s financial matters, services, lack of professionalism and directed the management to give due attention towards capacity building of its flight crew, ensuring improved facilities and services to passengers to establish PIA as a strong competitor in the market. The committee was further informed that cash support to PIAC from government of Pakistan during the period, June 2013 to December 2014, is Rs. 20.6 billion. ECC, in its meeting held on December 6, 2014, approved $52 million for induction of 15 aircraft in PIA’s fleet on dry lease. This amount would be injected as equity by the government of Pakistan. PIAC have already received the said amount from GoP. Further approval of GoP guarantees from June, 2013 till now is Rs 28.8 billion against loans obtained by the PIA. PIA Chairman Azam Saigol, while briefing the committee said the government had 91.7 percent shares in the airlines (PIA was converted into a company on April 19, 2016 and being governed under the Companies Ordinance 1984) while public/others’ shares are 4.4 percent and PIA employees Empower Trust shares stand at 3.9 percent. Senator Nauman Wazir directed PIA officials for inquiry into the fire incident in engineering department and fixing responsibility. He said that PIA has been politicized which resulted in its deteriorating conditions. Senator Lt Gen (Retd.) Abdul Qayyum said that Rs 20 million of medicines are being purchased from a specific medical store and directed for sharing details in next meeting. Current PIA Situation He apprised the body that the PIA fleet consisted of 38 aircrafts including 11 A320 Airbuses, five A310 Airbuses, 11 Boeing 777, six ATR 42 and five ATR 72, adding that currently PIA’s permanent staff strength was 14,317. “Employees to per aircraft ratio is 376,” he added. Saigol said efforts were being made to further expand the fleet and hopefully it would be 42 aircrafts by the end of the current financial year and 60 by 2020. He said domestic market shares of PIA had increased from 42 percent to 65 percent during January to May during the last fiscal year. Presently, he said, PIA flights were operating to 49 destinations, including 27 international and 22 domestic. “It has a market share of 24 percent in international and 47 in domestic air travel market during 2015 whereas for 2016, it has been projected at 27 percent and 68 percent respectively,” he added. The chairman said PIA was introducing its premium service brand, titled “PIA Premier”, aimed at restoring the confidence of passengers in the airlines. Initially, he said, PIA launched the service with improved features and facilities at par with leading airlines. The chairman said performance of the national flag-carrier was improving gradually, citing that top companies were now approaching PIA to offer their best aircrafts. When the panel was informed that PIA was answerable to the Security and Exchange Commission of Pakistan, Farhatullah Babar said parliamentarians had the right to exercise their oversight role as the public money was involved in PIA and “It is our responsibility.” He regretted that a foreigner had been appointed as the chief executive officer of PIA, which was tantamount to discouraging its senior management. The PIA management could not satisfy the committee members about financial matters of the company. Mushahid Ullah directed the PIA management to come with full preparation and relevant officers in the next meeting to respond to all queries of the Senators. Answering a query of Mushahid Ullah, the PIA authorities informed the body that they had a plan to operate flights on new international routes including Barcelona, Milan and Bangkok besides increasing flights to New York. PIA officials admitted that it is passing through dire financial state. However, the present government is very keen to make it self-reliant. Efforts are underway to improve the financial health of the Corporation by reducing its losses through various means and modes. Stringent action is being taken against corruption and mismanagement. Improvement in PIA Operations Flight punctuality has increased to 85.6% during 2016. PIAC have recently signed agreements for acquisition of 20 aircraft on dry lease, i.e. thriteen A-320s and five ATRs-72s with prop-turbo, out of which two A-320s and five ATR-72s and 2 Boeing 777s have already joined PIAC’s fleet while the remaining two A-320s will join PIAC fleet very soon. The average age of the fleet has also been reduced to 10 years, which will further reduce to 8 years after grounding of over-20 year old A-310. Additional flights have also been scheduled to increase international operation on viable routes. In this regard, PIA has started twice weekly flights between Dubai and Karachi, daily flights between Dubai- Lahore & Dubai-Islamabad and resumed flights between Dubai-Peshawar. The airline has also been involved in taking various steps in cost reduction and productivity improvement. This includes contract re-negotiations, route rationalization, restructuring by discontinuing loss making routes. PIA has entered into Code Share agreement with Etihad Airlines which has helped in expanding its network. The airline is also in negotiations with other airlines for mutual cooperation which will certainly increase its customer base to a greater extent. Through Code Share, PIA and Etihad benefited with additional 2,000 passengers during last two months (Jul-August 2015) and around 5,000 more reservations/bookings from September 2015 onwards, the officials briefed the committee. 48Shares FacebookTwitterGoogleWhatsappLinkedinPrint Primary Sidebar ProPakistani Viral Stories Pakistan’s Telecom Industry is in Deep Trouble [Part 2] Anti-Virus Software Are Useless, Says Google Security Engineer DebtClock: Every Pakistani is Over Rs. 115k in Debt, Thanks to Government! Mobilink Starts LTE Trials, Warid Customers to Enjoy 3G Trials Dubai Based Group To Acquire Majority Stakes in Hascol Petroleum Bilal Travels Start Online E-Ticketing Service For Countrywide Routes Oxford University To Offer Free Online Courses From 2017 Latest Today Qualcomm & Samsung Reveal the Snapdragon 835 Apple Is Keeping iPhone Call Logs Through iCloud: Security Firm German Pakistan Chamber of Commerce & Industry Inaugurates Its Islamabad Chapter 23 US & Pakistani Universities to Collaborate on Research, Academic Projects $400 Million Investment Expected After DTH Auction: PEMRA Curfew Affecting Mental Health of Kashmiris, Suggest Google Trends Pakistan Poverty Alleviation Fund Wins Energy Award for Best Managed Hydropower Plants Home About Contact Us Privacy Policy © 2016 Copyright Propakistani.pk
Home Veterans Resources VA Benefits Jobs for Veterans Jobs News for Veterans VA Home Loans Short Term Personal Loans Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) Medical & Health Forum RSS Feed Email Newsletter Sign-Up Download VT Apps VT APP (Android) VT App (Iphone) VT Radio App (Android) VT Radio App (Iphone) VT Radio & TV Channels YouTube ITunes Sound Cloud Android Devices Social Networks Facebook Google + Twitter Help Desk Submit Support Ticket Vladimir Putin We have one Fatherland, one people and a common future Home Health Agent Orange Coping Gulf War Illness (GWI) Medical Disability Benefits PTSD Investigations 9/11 Holocaust JFK Assassination Paris Attacks 2015 Sandy Hook Life Art, Books, & Entertainment Economy & Business Education Environment Food, Wine & Travel History Civil War (1861-1865) Cold War (1947-1991) Gulf War (1990-1991) Iraq War (2003-2011) Korean War (1950-1953) Libyan Civil War (2011-2014) Vietnam War (1955-1975) World War I (1914-1918) World War II (1939-1945) Humor Of Interest Peace, Causes & Activism Personal Finance Religion Media Military Heroes Support the Troops Politics Civil Liberties and Freedom Corruption Election 2016 Foreign Policy Government Legislation Veterans Benefits Regional Top 10 VA Home Loans Veteran Service Organizations Veterans Affairs WarZone Afghanistan War Drug War New World Order War Ukraine Wars War in Syria World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Russia Custom Weapons Download Apps VT Polls Career Center VT Books Contact Editorial Board-Staff Comment Policy Write for VT About Us Advertise Legal Notice Search Syrian War Report – November 18, 2016: Govt Forces Storming Eastern Aleppo Russian spokeswoman says Jews behind Trump win NEO – Will US Hit the Reset Button with Russia? Should the military overthrow Trump? Armenian President: Russia’s Iskander missile systems in Armenia to maintain balance in region Trump Election Spurs Hate Crime Wave with 400 Racist Incidents FF2P – False Flags 2 Protect American interests in the Mideast replaces R2P? Trump’s “isolationism” vs. Deep State ‹ › Ian Greenhalgh is a photographer and historian with a particular interest in military history and the real causes of conflicts. His studies in history and background in the media industry have given him a keen insight into the use of mass media as a creator of conflict in the modern world. His favored areas of study include state sponsored terrorism, media manufactured reality and the role of intelligence services in manipulation of populations and the perception of events. View Latest Posts >>> Elon Musk: ‘We Have Not Ruled Out’ That UFO Caused Space X Explosion By Ian Greenhalgh on September 10, 2016 UFO provides convenient distraction [Editor’s note: Of course they have not ruled out the UFO – it provides a very convenient distraction. The more time and effort people put into looking at that UFO or rather, an unidentified blob of blurry pixels, the less time they have to devote to any meaningful research or study of the events. We can take one or two important points from what Musk has had to say however, as Jeff Smith pointed out after studying what Musk and Space-X have said since the ‘incident’: Data shows that the “anomaly” started around the upper stage liquid oxygen tank, and occurred in less than “35 to 55 Milliseconds”. Therefore prior to the anomaly all systems were go up to 8 minutes before main engine test fire. The only thing stored around the upper stage oxygen tank is the rockets lithium batteries and the helium pressurization tanks. There are no telemetry reports of thermal runaway in the lithium batteries or major helium / fuel / oxygen tank leaks. 35 to 55 milliseconds is how long a nuclear reaction would last before thermal expansion would occur. This is why lithium batteries are not allowed on nuclear subs or used in submarine torpedoes. A sufficient thermal runaway triggered in lithium batteries by X-ray exposure will produce a small nuclear reaction that can set off any nearby hydrogen / helium source. Both Lithium and Helium are split into hydrogen gas during the reaction. This section of the rockets body is made out of carbon fiber and not aluminum so it is vulnerable to any high power microwave radiation source. Note 35 to 55 milliseconds is less than 1/25th of a compressed MPEG frame. So the explosion took place in less than 1 video frame. They do not state whether or not all telemetry was lost after that and he does not rule out that the cause was external. This will also set Space-X back at least 1 year because of insurance problems alone. No-one will insure until the cause is found and corrected. This could be simple hostile corporate take over tactics. Boeing and Lockheed cutting out Space-X. So now we have one small piece of data that provides confirmation that a nuclear event took place in the form of the 35-55ms timing. Here is some further explanation from Jeff of the nature of the nuclear event that took place and destroyed the rocket: Helium / deuterium chain reactions. The helium is split into deuterium and hydrogen by the x-rays. It then goes bang once properly ionized. Lithium splits into Helium then Deuterium then Hydrogen etc. It undergoes fission first then fusion kicks in. This is how mother nature stores energy then releases it at a later date. It’s called a “Fission – Fusion” process and not just a “fission” or “fusion” process. It uses both process to work not one. People that know physics or chemistry often miss this process because they are not properly trained in these type of reactions. Only weapons design people usually know this stuff. The helium is used to pressurize the fuel and oxygen tanks so they don’t implode due to vacuum as the fuel is drawn off during flight. Pressure and volume drop so you have to counter pressurize the tanks. Helium is used to prevent cavitation and static charge build-up from occurring in the tanks. Commonly called vapor lock in old cars. Nitrogen was formerly used but it’s heaver and can’t be compressed as densely as helium can. So the nitrogen tanks were bigger and heaver. Helium is used for weight savings and static charge prevention. Of course, there will be those who continue to talk nonsense about UFOs and aliens and perhaps even more esoteric causes; some of them will be paid to do so as part of the psyop to cover the truth, others are just borderline crazy due to their need to believe they have found evidence of aliens interacting with us. Ian] __________ Sputnik Elon Musk: ‘We Have Not Ruled Out’ That UFO Caused Space X Explosion The statement by the vaunted entrepreneur that he couldn’t rule out that UFO hunters were correct that an unidentified object or weapon initiated the explosion has alien enthusiasts out in full force. The frenzied excitement for alien hunters hit new heights on Friday when the innovative wunderkind Elon Musk wrote to a commenter on Twitter that “We have not ruled that [a UFO hitting the Space X Falcon 9 rocket] out” with theories ranging from an attack by foreign defense forces to a laser attack by an alien ship quickly cascading through social media. The statement comes one week after self-proclaimed UFO hunters pointed to video footage from the SpaceX explosion noting that there was a black object barreling near the rocket only seconds before explosion with YouTube viewers quickly dispatching theories that the flying object was a bird or a bug based on the relative speed of the object – over 1,000 MPH – and its appearance behind riggings that ruled out the possibility that it was a bug in the camera lens. The explosion quickly consumed the rocket destroying Facebook’s AMOS-6 internet-beaming satellite and causing unprecedented damage to the launchpad – a fairly unusual incident for a rocket explosion. Musk said the explosion was “really a fast fire” and was unable to point to specific mechanical causes for the failure of the rocket. One Twitter user said that the sound at 54 seconds in a video posted “sounds like a metal joint popping under stress” which Elon Musk said was “most likely true” but also said that “we can’t yet find it on any vehicle sensors” pointing to the possibility of some outside sabotage. “Important to note that this happened during a routine filling operation. Engines were not on and there was no apparent heat source,” said Musk questioning how the rocket could spontaneously erupt in flames. “Particularly trying to understand the quieter bang sound a few seconds before the fireball goes off. May come from rocket or something else.” One person suggested that it could be a drone, but opined that if it was a drone it was a particularly fast and circular drone that does not match the description of any known existing defense products. Others opined that whatever the flying vehicle that may have given rise to the explosion, it appears it was a “well planned attack from a competitor.” Although speculation continues to circle around the explosion of the Space X Falcon 9 rockets with the most fascinating theory by far being the potential that space aliens beamed the rocket, many more plausible alternatives exist including a leak of propellant fuel, metal on metal contact sparking just enough initial flame, or a buildup of oxygen. Some commenters are even blaming Vladimir Putin and/or China – which makes maybe less sense than even space aliens. The truth is out there. Related Posts: UFO Proof? Flashing Lights Spotted Near International Space Station Today’s Space X Rocket Explosion at Cape Canaveral—What in Hell was That? Obama Issues Space Weather Event Warning, Executive Order Dumpster Explosion Injures Dozens in New York City – Trump Exploits Event NEO – Transformational Projects in Eurasia Land Space The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Ian Greenhalgh on September 10, 2016, With 10738 Reads Filed under WarZone. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 90 Responses to "Elon Musk: ‘We Have Not Ruled Out’ That UFO Caused Space X Explosion" Chris Essonne  September 17, 2016 at 4:57 am New release of my video analyzing object’s trajectory. This video now analyzes accelerations (starting at 8’00”), and there are some beautiful surprises !! Silver bullet at 10’30”. This is definitively an automatic vehicle with astonishing performance. Hope you will enjoy ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYK2C-GgI0I Log in to Reply kaho  September 17, 2016 at 7:45 am Great video, Chris! As I began viewing it, there were only 10 viewers listed. And when I finished, about 15 minutes later, there were already 18! That is approximately 30 per hour. I hope the trend continues. I suppose what you have assumed is that the object moves with constant velocity, and that is how you obtain the hidden (hidden because it is the dimension that disappears in the photographic projection) third dimension. Personally I would have used some easy programming language such as Fortran or C. (Or even my plain old calculator). But I think you reach more people by presenting it as a spreadsheet problem, because there are far more people familiar with spreadsheets than with Algol, Fortran, C, Java and what have you. I always wondered a bit about the stuff with «electrogravity». I took a look at a book by author Tex Marrs, called «The Fourth Reich», but had to put it down when he started talking about electrogravity. I suppose, if such is the case, then there exist a hitherto undiscovered coupling between the electromagnetic field and gravity (or rather undisclosed, if Tex Marrs is right). And now your Tesla video is first in line! Agin  September 15, 2016 at 5:26 pm Slightly off topic, but perhaps related… “Israel launched a Shavit2 rocket from its facility at Palmachim airbase on Sept. 13. Israeli media report that the satellite (Ofek 11) is malfunctioning.” Log in to Reply kaho  September 15, 2016 at 4:31 pm ( The addresses didn’t get through ) thecreatorsproject.vice com / en_uk/blog/the-hypnotic-effects-in-this-music-video-were-created-entirely-in-camera And thecreatorsproject.vice com / en_uk/blog/the-hypnotic-effects-in-this-music-video-were-created-entirely-in-camera Log in to Reply kaho  September 15, 2016 at 4:27 pm Peter Paul, There is a discussion here, that might be relevant : (read about the spinning video camera) In particular this image has some of the same quality in it as ours : Log in to Reply Peter Paul 1950  September 15, 2016 at 1:48 am I just put up a new video on my channel that I’ve been working on for the past few days. I made screen shot images of my audio editor to make the sound track visible and to point out the various parts that could be revealing of a fission-fusion event. Falcon X and The Crackling Geiger Counter – Part 2 https://youtu.be/SM1aLD6m8zc Log in to Reply Peter Paul 1950  September 15, 2016 at 2:39 am kaho, thank you for the seismic graph, though it just goes to prove what can always be registered on such occasions. And yes, that short distortion is really out of this world. I can only compare it to throwing a pebble into a clear lake and observe how the waves distort the reflection on the surface. That kind of ripple or wave effect is clearly visible, and the stretching and compressing in all directions truly makes me wonder. But may I point out that any real image or video editor has these effects as built in utilities to distort in any way imaginable. I don’t know if you are into editing images but it has been in use ever since they have been created. But in this case we are dealing with something completely different. There is no editing involved. By the way the original video was made in Ultra HD and 29,97 fps. Maybe they even 60 fps, but that is what is in use by TV for sporting events like football and racing. As a F1 fan I’ve always loved the mounted cameras that can show the race from all kinds of perspectives. Peter Paul 1950  September 15, 2016 at 3:10 am Which suddenly brings me to the following idea: where was the recording and storing taking place? Inside the camera or was it a wireless connection from the camera to the control building? That would explain the distortion if an EMP event took place. Electrons travel along magnetic fields. Look at the polar lights how they move and even more, look at the SOHO images of the sun itself. The solution must be in the wireless connection. That is state of the art today. The ‘träger frequenz’ was distorted, not the digital images themselves. Did it influence AM or FM? Or both? kaho  September 15, 2016 at 5:31 am Good work Peter Paul ! What I have been thinking all this time, although I did not see any comments mentioning it, is that the explosions scared up the birds, and many of them flew up into the air and quipped warnings to their mates, because birds are always listening for sounds, and are experts at communicating by means of their songs – songs that we humans don’t know the meaning of. We just know that birds often sing beautiful tunes, inspiring our poets and musicians : The language of the birds that only a few inspired ones can understand. I never worked much with audio files. But of course I have looked at some now and then. I think that what you see are are time samples of amplitudes. Microphones have a membrane as essential element, which is made to move back and forth in the same rhythm as the variations in the local air pressure that make up the sound. Most real sounds are composed of several frequencies, and a sound’s frequency spectrum is essentially a Fourier transform over a certain time interval. But my question really is how you managed to synchronize the sound file with the visual images? I recall some comments saying the time lag due to the distance was 12 seconds, others said it was 11. kaho  September 15, 2016 at 5:48 am Peter Paul, There were three independent seismic stations, and their distances from the launch platform were mentioned on one of the sites I visited. Maybe it was on «reddit.com» in one of the discussion groups there (Amos 6). What is not known very exactly is the speed of the seismic surface waves, because it depends on the local geology. What I saw, however, in a NASA publication, was that the ground at Cape Caneveral is mostly sedimentary, but I do not know if that helps much. Anyway, the distances were much less than the 4 km from the launch pad to the camera location. I think it said 0.93 miles (? I don’t recall exactly, so please verify before using). And so it would be really interesting to correlate the sound file you isolated from the video recording, with the seismic data (NB Three different independent stations). Trakkath  September 13, 2016 at 1:10 pm I remember that I had seen in one video about 911 the same ball-shaped kind of drone. Wasn´t it before impact on the second WTC-Tower ? Log in to Reply kaho  September 13, 2016 at 5:54 am Peter Paul, You may be on to something that I do not quite understand. In general, though, it is known from electromagnetic theory, especially from our knowledge of the properties of the magnetic force, that a magnetic field cannot change the speed of charged particles. ( Are you familiar with the equation F = e v x B ? The vector cross product tells us that the force F always acts perpendicular to the velocity vector v of the charged particle, whose charge is e. ) A static magnetic field vector B can only change the *direction* a free charge is moving in, but not the magnitude |v| of the velocity vector v. For a time-varying magnetic field, there is, however, another effect : This is the phenomenon of magnetic induction that causes a so called electromotoric force (emf) that could presumably reverse the flow of electrons in a circuit. But I do not understand how this might change the memory addresses of the photo cells in the CCD chip in such a systematic fashion. And so until this becomes clear, I will stick to my idea that it is a powerful air blast (a blast of wind ) that causes the towers to vibrate, which would be described a a case of ***forced oscillations***. Log in to Reply kaho  September 13, 2016 at 10:38 am Peter Paul, I took a second look, and it now seems as if it is the whole picture that is swaying, not just the towers. So I am now leaning more towards your proposal. But I still do not understand exactly how the effect comes about. What is clear is that the CPU reads the pixels of the CCD cell and transfers their values to memory registers that span several color bytes for each pixel. But it does not read all CCD pixels at the same time. It is also clear that the readings must be clocked. But if the internal camera clock frequency becomes temporarily changed, due to external electromagnetic fields, then it may indeed cause a temporary offset of the storage addresses that label the bytes that are received by and stored in the camera memory. kaho  September 13, 2016 at 11:25 am Here is a demo of image distortion by an external magnetic field applied to a CRT television tube. ( The old-fashioned analog TV tube where the image is created by a moving electron beam ) It shows a similar type of image distortion as in the SpaceX video, as pointed out by Peter Paul. The causes of the distortion are well understood in the case of the analog CRT tube. ( but not so well in the case of a digital video camera ) kaho  September 13, 2016 at 1:26 pm The CR demo was with Walter Levin at MIT U-tube :::::?v=YbzBTdU7iRU::::: ( the url that was lost in the above) Peter Paul 1950  September 13, 2016 at 7:59 pm kaho, I definitly am and thank you for pointing other effect like magnet and tv tube (Braun’sche Röhre), What a magnet does there is nothing else than causing the flow of electrons flowing towards the flourescent screen to be distracted in another direction. That’s not what I’m talking about in our case. You do know what a transformer is and how that works and do know the difference between AC and DC currents? A transformer has a primary and secondary coil of wiring. If you use DC as primary source you will find that it won’t work – except on one single occasion. And that is the very moment you switch on the DC current to flow. On a scope you will see one single peak going steep up and then coming back down to disappear altogether. A transformer only works correctly with alternating current: AC. That is the reason we all have AC provided, in the US it’s 50 Hz whereas here in EU it’s 60 Hz. It’s that famous humming sound of florescent lighting, and that utterly disturbing frequency that can drive a musician crazy when you suddenly get that annoying back coupling from the speakers to the microphone. And why is a transformer shielded and even needs coolant? Why can transformers explode? Peter Paul 1950  September 13, 2016 at 8:17 pm kaho, I am pointing to electromagnetic INDUCTION and pointing at a DC effect and a possible source for that kind of effect. A nuclear explosion as possible source has that effect and is known as EMP apart from all other kinds of radiation – or frequencies for that matter – and can be so strong that it can knock planes out of the sky. How that? The buildup of the magnetic field is one single pulse and can induce electricity in all electric wiring in and kind of device and is a major part of military and civilian concern. All electrical devices have to hardened, that is to have some kind or protective shielding. But the wiring in our homes, in the street and leading to the camera are not protected. An extreme EMP not only produces a current, it produces heat, and any excess of both leads up to a worst case scenario. Microchips are sensitive to both and work only within a certain temperature window. Think of all the satellites in space environment that depend on temperature conditions to even function properly. How does a microchip function at minus 50 degrees celcius – for example a laptop on expedition to the south pole? Peter Paul 1950  September 13, 2016 at 8:39 pm kaho, And I can even go on from there now, because it was Ian who brought up the subject believing that that very first flare on an image is PROOF of a kind of fission-fusion. Let me get into that part of the scene again. Have you ever heard of Frauenhofer’sche lines? How did science first discover the element HELIUM on the sun long before it was discovered here on earth? Through photography. How does science find out how other suns in the universe are composed of? Through photography. And how is that done? By using a prisma to break up light into a spectrum better known as a rainbow from the lowest frequency red to the highest being violett. And every single element has it’s very own fingerprint within those colors and appear as lines at a specific frequency and can thus be identified. Now try to identify the specific line for a specific element on a ccd. Do you think that is possible? What are knowns and what are the unknowns on the video we have have been discussing from the very beginning? The amplitude of the flare? Thats one thing. I haven’t looked into the histogram of the image colors yet and one reason is I still don’t have a pure and uncompressed version of the original footage. I now found out the original at USLaunchReport is 4k in size and runs 29.97. Everything else available on the net is watered down anywhere from 720p downward and distorted. Peter Paul 1950  September 13, 2016 at 9:20 pm kaho, So I hope by now that I have been able to point out some of the basic components and know-how needed to be on the safe side of the assumptions surrounding the initial cause of the explosion. And by that I mean only by looking and analysing a video clip. There are even two parts of the event, the images and the sound track. Let me demonstrate even why the sound track is of so much importance. So I’ll go back to DC first. If EMP is involved then there will inevetably be a distinct induction of electricity in any wiring of the recording systems involved. First: the EMP signal will appear the very exact moment the first explosion occured, that is 12,3 seconds before the sound of the first blast reaches it. The most exposed and vulnerable part of equipment is the MICROPHONE involved. It’s recording does not rely on being cut up into single images, but is a continuous flow of digital information, the smallest part being the frequency level of 42000 Hz, that is CD quality. And what is the frequency range during capturing a video image in the process: lousy 30 Hz. That’s the timeline, that’s the math and the science that goes along with it. kaho  September 14, 2016 at 2:14 am Peter Paul, I posted the link to Walter Lewin’s demo, in order to emphasize, the difference between analog technology and digital technology. The video cameras used now, with their CCD chips work with digital technology, and the frames we were looking at are digital images, represented as files consisting of zeroes and ones, that are stored in digital registers on digital memory chips Of course the underlying technology is still analog where the Kirchhoff circuit rules still rule the day. But the electronic flip-flop cells that store the bits and bytes make sure that the conveyed information has a fundamental digital character. kaho  September 14, 2016 at 2:17 am So the point we agree upon is that a rapid change in magnetic flux density can cause voltages that blow out or damage essential electronic circuitry. But what I do not understand (yet) is how this can cause such systematic changes in the digital information that represents the picture frames, where the image-lines are pushed left and right after a sinusoidal profile. What I would have expected instead, would be a much more chaotic effect. In effect the video recorder seems to be working just fine, except for the systematic vertical misalignments of the horizontal pixel lines. That’s why I wanted to see if a hypothetical EM pulse might have some effect on the little quartz crystal that determines the clock frequency. In the bygone days of analog technology, a magnetically caused distortion of the TV picture is perfectly understandable. But for a digital system? That is the rub. kaho  September 14, 2016 at 2:27 am By the way, did you see the seismic data graphs of the event? The data from three seismic stations were posted on FaceBook. I think you can retrieve the graphs by gugling for «Amos 6 seismic», and also here : h ttps://pbs.twimg.com/media/CsBftxaW8AANbB1.jpg:orig Peter Paul 1950  September 14, 2016 at 12:21 pm kaho, thank you very much for your feedback. Even though I do not know who you are, where you are and what your true ambitions might be, I can now read from your words, that you have a deeper understanding concerning the whole matter than the average person and are eager to dive into the unknown depths that is not even quite clear as we go along with comparing the known facts to get to a true solution. To tell you one thing beforehand I have been working nonstop on a video presentation since 01:30 pm last night and now it is 21:00 pm. I hope to be finished with this video in the next few hours and upload it to my channel because it is getting close to 24h that I’ve been sitting in front of my screen. I hope to be able to answer at least a few of your questions that are very relevant and important for a realistic evaluation of the material we both are analyzing. Please take into consideration that I go about my analysis as if the video we are all acquainted with thanks to Ian is to me as if I am looking and investigating into the voice recording of a 747 that has disintegrated before our very eyes. Number of casualties: Unknown. My job: pick up the pieces, the leftovers and report to the oldest tree in the forest what you discovered…. and wait for my upload. kaho  September 14, 2016 at 4:35 pm Peter Paul, It is me who must thank you. For your well made video, as well as your amazing discovery of the distorted video image. BTW If you are in the process of creating a new video about the incident, why don’t you include the image of the seismic signals in your video. It is still there, at the URL I posted yesterday : h t t p s://pbs.twimg.com/media/CsBftxaW8AANbB1.jpg:orig ( If you append “:orig” you will get the jpg in a higher resolution than if you don’t ) I also checked out the URL Chris posted here on VT some days ago. The second of the URL’s he gave has about twice as many images as most of the other versions of the videos that are available. BTW The version I downloaded for my pixel-analysis of the object’s speed isn’t there any more. So it is true that many of these videos do disappear after a while. In my school days I read three books that influenced me. One was the book by James A. Coleman on relativity theory, The other one was the one by Einstein and Infeld «Die Evolution der Physik», and the third one was a translation of «Das Naturbild der heutigen Physik» by Werner Heisenberg. Later on I was also lucky enough to attend a lecture he held just a few years before he was gone. You can still get these books online. I always recommend them. But in these our hectic days very few seem to have time to read books any more. It’s all net based reading now. musicalchemy  September 13, 2016 at 1:24 am Peter Paul 1950, we cannot see light because we are light Log in to Reply Peter Paul 1950  September 13, 2016 at 1:39 am musicalchemy, thanks for the reminder, I’m quite aware of that. Trouble is we have to go beyond the clouds of unknowing to uncover who we are. But to get there you have to climb your mountain. Cheers. Peter Paul 1950  September 12, 2016 at 7:28 pm Let me drop a little tiny bomb here… Ian, may I bring something to your attention that nobody as of yet seems to have noticed or ever mentioned although it’s what I would recognize as the “smoking gun” or rather the “crackling geiger counter”? It is truly not only a “mind bending” indication that something quite unusual occoured in plain sight but is even screaming out loud for a valid explanation. Let me point out that something happened while everyone has been distracted and are starting to run after the birds and the bees and little tin cans that happen to be of more interest than what AMOS had to chip in on information. All you have to do is leave that Phantom Blob fly off to where it was last seen and go 6 more seconds beyond the boom and watch and hear what AMOS has to add to your x-ray theory. https://youtu.be/mjNuE1KfXJs Log in to Reply kaho  September 12, 2016 at 10:35 pm My take is that during that short fraction of a second the video frames show mechanical oscillations of the two towers. Each of the two towers displays a sinusoidal vibratory mode. The phenomenon lasts just a fraction of a second because such vibrations are damped due to internal friction of the material the towers are made from, which I assume is a steel framework. Some years ago I studied transverse wave motion of elastic beams, and the solution of the differential equation included motion of the same sinusoidal shape you can see in this video. But I had not noticed this phenomenon before you pointed it out just now. Thank you very much! But I did – of course – notice the shaking image, which I interpreted as vibrations of the camera. But a shaking camera can of course not explain the brief sinusoidal deformation of the towers. What I notice though, is that in addition to the brief deformation of the towers there is a simultaneous up and down motion of the ground, which is not so easily explained, except as an up and down motion of the camera. But why would the ground under the camera move up and down simultaneously with the whip-like transverse motion of the towers? After all, the towers are removed about 4 km from the camera. This I think might be explainable as the result of a seismic surface wave. Such waves travel maybe 10 times as fast as sound waves in air. Hence they would arrive at the site of the camera only a second or so after the shock that caused them. Ian Greenhalgh  September 12, 2016 at 11:50 pm I’ve forwarded this to Jeff to see what he thinks. Peter Paul 1950  September 13, 2016 at 1:06 am kaho, there are mechanical vibrations through the earthquakes, the pressurizing of the air, the resonating of the shockwaves that cause the camera to shake violently, but not enough to bend these towers. What you see is what we call a glitch in the electronics. Due to an electromagnetic pulse the flow of electrons are either blocked by the incoming magnetic field and act as a resister. The flow in the circuit is pushed back on one side and accelerated on the other. This means the incoming digital line of signals are delayed as the induction wave passes thru. The whole timing based on clocking the optical impulses to be delivered at the right time is distorted. Not the towers are being bent, the digital impulses are being pushed around within the circuit. It’s comparable with a tide or tsunamie forcing itself up a river and then retracting. That happens in all of the exposed microchips and even in the ccd. Since there are literally millions of microcircuits the regular or even flow of electricity doesn’t take place. Peter Paul 1950  September 13, 2016 at 1:26 am In realtime it is hardly noticable because I’ve pointed out that we only see at the rate of 18-20 images per second whereas the screen is shooting 30 images per second at you. The imaging process and display are tuned to their own frequencies that when a magnetic disturbance occurs, that is why there is a stretching and squeezing of the process in all directions. And if any hard radiation is involved then that too knocks off extra electrons causing effects like noise in the image that appear as speckles. And radiation has a nasty clicking sound to it if you’ve ever listened to a geiger counter. But it just so happens that the many acoustic explosions and echos with all their natural harmonies (quint, octave, terz) drown that nasty clicking swoosh that can be faintly heard at 1:19 in the slomo. I’m still trying to filter it with my sound editor to make it more audible if possible. But I need more time for that. So I repeat that not the towers were physically bent, it’s within the electronic that this visible ‘bending’ occurs. Those are electromagnetic fingerprints of an EMP. Period. And I have all the reason in the world to believe that AMOS has an RTG. Thanks for your patience. Raptor  September 12, 2016 at 5:34 am What is the latest on this debacle? All major media are opening interviews with phrases such as ” there are internet conspiracy theories that claim the rocket was hit by a drone ” anyway I find that telling as a means of poison for the well. Laughable in a sense. Raptor Log in to Reply Agin  September 12, 2016 at 7:25 am A.) Musk is in on it. A Holy Wood-esque psyop just in time for the 15th anniversary of 9-11 and the “Cold War” with Russia and China. A chance to test new technology. B.) Payback for 9-11 against the KM, Israel, USAF, and JINSA by another faction. A chance to test new technology. C.) Payback/Deterrence against Israel for selling US tech to China (again) as well as payback against China for shooting down a US satellite (among other things such as wanting secure vast amounts of helium 3 on the Dark Side of the Moon for nuclear fusion). D.) Aliens. Enki vs Enlil. E.) An accident. Peter Paul 1950  September 12, 2016 at 5:25 am Ian, I hope you understand my personal approach to the subject you brought up that I too have a keen interest of what truly might have been the cause of the explosion, but my methodology is to examine and eliminate possible flaws in the line of information presented. Just believing that x-rays are involved because there seems to be visible proof is not enough when one can’t cancel out how things really function. For example we humans see with a speed rate of around 18 images per second. Birds have a rate of up to 200 images per second. The processes involved just to have that ability is difficult to understand in all of it’s complexity and yet we use it without thinking about it. Yet we are so focused on the inventions around us that give us the possibility to capture and store images and sound and send them around the world in seconds. But do we really know and understand how each and every part of equipment involved really works and functions? There are so many different levels of technology reaching outside of our realms of perception that go down to the level of atoms and molecules and make it possible to stretch the imagination into unknown and uncharted universes of life beyond life. Aren’t we just playing with all these ideas and possibilities trying to make sense of it all? A rocket explodes in a blinding moment and now we need more light. You know I have to give you credit for just bringing this information up to the level it now has. Log in to Reply Peter Paul 1950  September 12, 2016 at 5:34 am And to add a more philosophical touch to this great comment section I’d like to chip in these relatively unimportant words: An incredible family named Stein, There’s Gertrud, there’s Ep and there’s Ein Gertrude’s writing is hazy and Ep is plain crazy but nobody understands Ein kaho  September 12, 2016 at 10:34 am I agree with you. Credit goes out to Ian for taking up these odd events, and bringing them up to a level where we can «nachvollziehen» at least some of it. For example he mentioned a process, or an idea, an invention if you like, called Teller-Ulam. Well of course I had heard about Edward Teller, but not Ulam as far as I can recall. Besides, the majority of physics textbooks mention very little, if anything at all, about nuclear explosive devices, and with good reason. Well, they always include some chapters about nuclear reactors, that’s for sure. But for there rest … very little. And that is as it should be, God forbid that such terrors should fall into the wrong hands. But we as humans should pay attention. That’s the best way to to stay clear of trouble. And so now thanks to Ian I became motivated me to look into things I had not paid much attention to before. In particuliar I thought the Wikipedia article «History of the Teller–Ulam design» was worth while, also «Kernwaffentechnik» at the German Wikipedia site, or even the Cardozo Law Review article »fas org / sgp / eprint / cardozo,html». drbhelthi  September 12, 2016 at 1:46 am My concern relates with the quasi-denial of “UFOs”. My initial confirmation of such vehicles derived from the USAF radar facility on Fire Island, Alaska, 1955. An object appeared over the station, hovered at 2,000 ft., then accelerated to 10,000 ft with one sweep of the radar, at the time equalling 3,000 mph. In 1977 a USAF MSG explained to me the hangar on Wright-Patterson USAF base, that was guarded by AP with loaded weapons. Another interest since childhood is adults under the influence of alcohol. When “drunk,” if they can still talk intelligibly, they typically do not lie, although at times with disjointed speech. The following link is a video by a very sober neighbor of a retired, Area 51 employee. When sober, the retired employee revealed nothing about Area 51. After a power outage one night he was drunk and talked, revealing some experiences. The neighbor reveals the expose´ of the drunken, retired Area 51 employee. The neighbor´s presentation appears to be candid and reliable, drawing on my experience. The “propulsion” function of these vehicles is also nicely clarified in a few words by the retired, AREA 51 worker. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lx6QMj-yOU4 Log in to Reply Dr. Abu-Bakr Susta  September 12, 2016 at 9:57 am Dr. B: Of course, “UFOs” are real — unless you can identify ALL flying objects. But that’s not it, is it? More to the point: No one at VT is denying or quasi-denying the existence of non-terrestrials. All that Ian & Jeff are saying is that there is a more terrestrial explanation for what happened to the SpaceX rocket. The object that you saw over Alaska in 1955 was probably a German craft or an early German-American craft, based on the research & discoveries of the Germans before, during after WW2. In Operation Paperclip, the German scientists were eventually able to harness the R&D and productive capacity of the U.S. to continue this R&D and production in a secret space program. If or since most if not all “UFOs” are man-made, why couldn’t or wouldn’t the U.S. military “inoculate” Area 51 guys with a sufficient amount of B.S. to go along with whatever truths that they might know? drbhelthi  September 21, 2016 at 7:50 am Dr.A-B: after some re-reads, comparing the first article with the follow-on article and the summary paragraph of this article, your “is it?” seems very appropriate to me. If your conclusion as to who built the majority of UFOs is accurate, you have access to information that I can not access. Yes, I knew of Hitler´s scientists´ creations from Austrian documents that once were available a few years ago. Also, the various documents about Antartica by various authors reveal useful information. Agin  September 11, 2016 at 6:35 pm Or one could simply call it a “djedi mind trick”. Log in to Reply PeterAG  September 11, 2016 at 6:18 pm Appart from being absorbed on the way Xrays ionize the air and create a plasma precluding its use in the way suggested. They need a high vacuum. Fusion experiment with visible lasers are highly controlled regarding an intensive focal spot in order to produce the high temperatures. When xrays have to penetrate an extremely chaotic plasma they will most likely diverge appart from being strongly absorbed and thus not maintain the needed narrow beamwidth to achieve high temperatures. Log in to Reply kaho  September 12, 2016 at 2:03 am That would be like Compton scattering, right? kaho  September 11, 2016 at 6:14 pm With regard to the absorption of X-rays in the atmosphere, it is well known among astronomers that X-ray telescopes used to gather information about distant astronomical objects, do not work down here on the ground level, because the atmosphere is thick enough to stop nearly everything. There is a nice diagram that gives a good illustration of the EM «windows» available to us humans here down on the Earth’s ground level : h ttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Atmospheric_electromagnetic_opacity.svg Log in to Reply Peter Paul 1950  September 12, 2016 at 7:21 am kaho, nice find you put up there. May I point out that it is also known among many more that our atmosphere shields us also from all the different rays emitted from the sun, our largest source of energy of all kinds pounding down on us every day. Just think of ultra violet beyond our spectrum of visibility that can cause so much harm to our health when we are exposed to an excess of it. It is said that bees have the ability to ‘see’ it, but can we really prove it to be so? Maybe we just have to believe what is said and written down on paper about the birds and the bees and the flowers that seem to glow in that range of electromagnetic frequencies. But Ian has emphasized x-ray LASER beams that possibly have other physical properties that bypass the shield of atmosphere that we are not truly aware of. The definition of x-ray refers to any kind of radiation that is beyond our human perception. And they are vibrations or frequencies on an infinite scale. When laser was first introduced to the public in the 60s it became the great sensation all over the world. Why? Because of it’s imaginable use as a weapon. Today it is almost a standard tool in the metal industry. A cutting edge tool. Do you realize that we cannot even see light? We only recognize it’s interaction on solid objects. Agin  September 11, 2016 at 5:25 pm Harold Saive: Indeed, many possibilities. The Nvidia crop circle publicity stunt comes to mind. Also, consider this: “The use of a light bending nanotechnology fabric for so called quantum stealth camouflage.” The rumors of Russia threatening to release satellite images of 9-11. Israel fires at Russian drone over Golan Heights. Falcon rocket with Israeli tech destroyed 10 days before the 15th anniversary of 9-11. Putin’s driver has a head on collision 5 days later. Too much speculation but perhaps useful to some. Log in to Reply ManCavePatriot  September 11, 2016 at 4:26 pm My WAG would be that the SpaceX rocket carrying the space.com satellite was ‘interrupted’ by Obama because he did not want to see a successful launch and ultimate sale to China, which was being completed contingent on lift-off. This scenario ties in perfectly with the following weeks AFOne diplomatic middle-finger on a Chinese tarmac. Log in to Reply StanDelCarloDC  September 11, 2016 at 4:24 pm Beautiful you are Nuit, sculpted in the most divine perfection, long and lithe, curved and rounded, like twin globes that hover and float in a field of anti-gravity. If things do not straighten up and begin to fly right. the great Apophis will circle around and shut down the whole system from the North Sea to the Black Sea. Log in to Reply Harold Saive  September 11, 2016 at 4:18 pm The ultimate punk is for Elon et al to CGI a fake orb into a video of a fireball mishap. This scenario must be considered after all we know about image manipulation of 9/11 and green-screens at CNN…and Elon’s request for help decoding the event. Log in to Reply Leno  September 11, 2016 at 2:31 pm Remember this is the guy who said he wanted to nuke Mars. Mars Attacks? Log in to Reply Agin  September 11, 2016 at 12:35 pm Politically, Musk has described himself as “half Democrat, half Republican”. In his own words: “I’m somewhere in the middle, socially liberal and fiscally conservative.”[116] Nationalism Musk is a self-described American exceptionalist and nationalist, describing himself as “nauseatingly pro-American”. According to Musk, the United States is “[inarguably] the greatest country that has ever existed on Earth”, describing it as “the greatest force for good of any country that’s ever been”. Musk believes outright that there “would not be democracy in the world if not for the United States”, arguing there were “three separate occasions in the 20th-century where democracy would have fallen with World War I, World War II and the Cold War, if not for the United States”.[117] Log in to Reply Agin  September 11, 2016 at 12:35 pm Elon (אֵילוֹן in Hebrew), is a Jewish surname or masculine given name, which means “tree” or “oak tree” in the Hebrew language. Elon was a biblical leader of the Israelites in the Book of Judges. Elon, a son of Zebulun who migrated to Egypt with Jacob. The report further noted that “Musk himself has donated roughly US$725,000 to various campaigns since 2002. In 2004, he contributed US$2,000 to President George W. Bush’s reelection campaign, maxing out (over US$100,000)[120] to Obama’s reelection campaign and donated US$5,000 to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who represents Florida, a state critical to the space industry … Musk had been a supporter of the U.S. political action committee FWD.us, which was started by fellow high-profile entrepreneur Mark Zuckerberg and advocates for immigration reform. However, in May 2013, Musk publicly withdrew his support in protest of advertisements the PAC was running that supported causes like the Keystone Pipeline. Log in to Reply Agin  September 11, 2016 at 12:00 pm I understand Mr. Greenhalgh does not necessarily care for the “esoteric”, but I will add this anyway. For those with imagination. Names have been changed to protect the innocent/guilty… Batman [Dark Knight] V Superman [Stalin]: “LexCorp Industries Reveals Wayne Enterprises Satellite Photo Who knew Lex Luthor cared about clean energy so much? To be fair, he probably doesn’t, but he sure wants you to think he does. A stunning image from the Wayne Enterprises satellite from 2013, only days before it lost signal. The brightest sections that can be seen are Metropolis and Gotham. Our cities are the number one consumers of wasted electricity in the world. Courtesy of Wayne Enterprises™ The satellite was destroyed in the final fight between Superman and Zod (in Man of Steel), but before it lost signal it sent out a photo that shows just how much electricity is used and wasted by both Metropolis and Gotham.” Best wishes. Log in to Reply kaho  September 11, 2016 at 7:48 am I still need to process the data I wrote down in the comment section of the previous SpaceX article : Image | x | y | ————————— 1 | 2109 | 197 | 2 | 1765 | 200 | 3 | 1434 | 207 | 4 | 1112 | 215 | 5 | 794 | 212 | ————————— I then used, as indicated, 1048 pix = 70 m, to convert the pix-values to meters, For the horizontal motion (x-values) I then obtain the horizontal distances traveled in each of the four available time intervals of 0.04 seconds each – corresponding to the 25 frames per second that VLC’s info-window listed. The four x-intervals then have the lengths -22.98 m, -22.11 m, -21.51 m, -21.24 m. And the resulting speeds (obtained by dividing by 0.04 s) are 574.5 m/s, 552.75 m/s, 537.75 m/s, 531.00 m/s, where the uncertainty is in the fourth digit because positions are accurate to only to maybe a pixel or two. These speed values are finally converted to km/h by multiplying with 3.6, giving the average horizontal speed in each time interval : 2068 km/h, 1990 km/h, 1936 km/h, 1912 km/h. Now try to calculate the average (negative) acceleration in each time interval. You get a very big value ! ( Compare with g = 9.81 m/s^2) Log in to Reply Chris Essonne  September 11, 2016 at 8:14 am Some fixes needed : 522 px = 70 m, and frame rate is 29.97 in original video at normal speed. slow motion video doubles the number of images, thus close to 60 frames/s. Yes, acceleration between points gives huge unstable values. I think the result is very sensitive because of the precision. I prefer determine only the average acceleration between entry and exit, and this gives 200 g which is already a lot… kaho  September 11, 2016 at 11:21 am The video I used was a different version from the video you used. The video I downloaded from brightcove (I gave the link earlier), has 25 frames per second. The video you used for your work contained more in-between images. What I did was to stop the VLC player, and then move forward frame by frame by means of the «E»-button. Then I made screen copies of each frame after having activated “full screen”. Hence my images have more pixels than yours (but fewer images). And so 1048 pixels = 70 m is correct the correct value here, because GraphicConverter (by Lemke Soft) allows one to count pixels by means of the rulers. The rulers in GraphicConverter use pixels as unit. And I wrote down the pixel-coordinates very carefully. I took a look at your Youtube video btw. Very nice work. And it would be very nice if you could quote your source for the video. Thank you ! Peter Paul 1950  September 11, 2016 at 11:29 am So now I got my first ever clip up and running on you tube concerning: FalconX and the Flight of the Mystery Blob https://youtu.be/rwhAdBQYcms Please take note that I made the blob stationary to the y axis so that the background is moving from left to right. That way it is possible to notice the details around the object so you can reduce the movement of the eyeballs to a minimum and also at the same time avoid that typical no no syndrome one can see at any grand slam tournament where everyone is just sitting there watching a round furry ball whizzing to and fro. Enjoy and any comments are welcome. Chris Essonne  September 11, 2016 at 11:58 am For normal speed, I used https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BgJEXQkjNQ For slow motion, I used https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXqG-R8O39g But I recommend you to download my video and extract images of the slow motion part. Last item of Video Menu stores a frame into an image without changing resolution. It is also possible in View/Advanced Control to activate a small toolbar where a button directly stores the current frame. My spreadsheet is visible on my fb page. Peter Paul 1950  September 11, 2016 at 12:05 pm Chris, you could be quite right about the true frame rate being 29,97 of an original copy. But your’re not correct about the doubling the frame rate. I already pointed out why on Ian’s previous article here on VT space-xplosion-no-ufos-aliens-or-other-wierdness-involved/ – have a look at my comments there. The timeline steps are one part of the sequence, the other is the duration of a single frame! When you add a still image and set it’s duration to maybe 5 seconds it just happens that it may not end at the sequence mark set by the frame rate. What the codec does is what we call a frame drop, it extends that image till the the next time mark is due and thereby stretching the still image over an existing frame and thereby leaving it unprocessed and ignores it altogether. That’s what saves resources. If you say you have extended the clip to 60 fps up from 30 fps that is not the way it works. In reality you are stretching a single frame by doubling the length of time the image is on the screen. Tipping thru the frames one by one is tipping along the timeline whereas the software will only change the areas of a frame that differ from the previous one. If there is no change nothing is moving. It’s the capturing of the video that counts to get a higher frame rate. kaho  September 11, 2016 at 12:27 pm I did download some Youtube videos a couple of years ago, but of late I have not been able to do it (after they switched to the new html video capability). But Youtube videos, do they come with 60 frames per second? The only hi-res images of the SpaceX video I was able to locate were posted on Chinese and Russian web sites! In the West I find only the low-res ones. What browser do you use? Harold Saive  September 11, 2016 at 4:09 pm See my slow-mo video X 10 and X 100 revealing UFO departing launch area – UFO seen departing the scene from lower left to upper right following onset of explosion. http://wp.me/p2FjTj-7Bt Chris Essonne  September 12, 2016 at 11:53 am to Peter Paul I started to work with the video at normal speed and VLC states 29.97 frames/s, easily checked by cliking 30 times on the image/image button, checking video time. I extracted the 8 frames with the object and noted object position in each of them. A few days later, I discovered the video at slow motion x 250, and extracted the 16 frames with the object. In 8 frames, the position was the same than in the 8 previous frames, and the 8 other frames have intermediate position, so I concluded that frame rate was 60. What’s wrong ? Detlef Reimers  September 11, 2016 at 7:26 am OK, VT doesn’t like links, so I have to leave out the first part of the link to Mathis: “mileswmathis.com/musk.pdf”. Log in to Reply Jim W. Dean, Managing Editor  September 11, 2016 at 9:49 am We do links… but not “blind links”. What is at the link HAS to be described in the comment, and that does not included “go here” or ” this is good”. We are one of the few sites that do allow links because people often have good ones. Thanks. Detlef Reimers  September 11, 2016 at 7:24 am Ian, it’s always funny to see these spooks come up at special places to feed the minds of the people with crap. This is their main job, thereby never reveiling their real intents. I like the nice round up about this spooky character Musk, done by Miles Mathis here: and you’ll also find some good thoughts about those strange X-people on his site. Aliens, Ufos, non earth like entities, what a nice ensemble when it should be logical to look for some more earthly perpetrators first, as you rightfully mentioned. Thanks for the update, especially from Jeff. We need that kind of information, let the spooks out there eat their own crap. Log in to Reply kaho  September 11, 2016 at 6:25 am With regard to the «flare», or star burst, as they often call it, there is a good explanation of this phenomenon in a presentation called «How to Capture a Starburst in Your Photos» (CreativeLive com) : h ttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0mYAaW37KM The flares are, in other words, caused by mainly by the configuration of the aperture blades inside the camera’s lens. Log in to Reply Ian Greenhalgh  September 11, 2016 at 6:44 am It’s not a lens flare caused by visible light, those look quite different. This one is caused by x-rays. Peter Paul 1950  September 11, 2016 at 10:32 am Ian, I understand quite well what your getting at since I learned my original trade at IBM. As a Galvaniser we not only had a phantastic laboratory to work in, we had to go on rotation through the whole production line of producing chips as well. The actual definition of the trade was later turned into Electro-Chemist due to the wide scope of electronics and chemistry. In the major ‘secret’ development departments we were also introduced to some of the most sophisticated equipment in use you can imagine. Even x-rays that were used to radiate through the silicium slices called waffers to check the crystal structure. On the exposed film one could clearly identify the grid structure of the atoms. Since the digital age we have the ccds (charged couple device) that gathers the light instead of on film and they are by nature sensitive to electromagnetic pulses. That’s why they have to be hardened by some protective shield around them. The ccd is nothing else than a microscopic array of photo diodes that react to light and can be produced for different invisible wavelengths. Just look at infrared or ultraviolet beyond our very thin capabilties of visible light. The flare can also have to do with the geometric array of die diodes of the ccd. Peter Paul 1950  September 11, 2016 at 10:50 am And the explosion itself wouldn’t be half as interesting it weren’t for the Phantom Blob everyone’s trying to explain away. I just spent the whole day pushing it around and made a short clip to study just the movement alone. I’ll be posting it on you tube as soon as I get my account set up. kaho  September 11, 2016 at 12:02 pm X-rays are electromagnetic waves, just like the light we can see with our eyes, but of a much shorter wave length. We, as humans are very lucky that air is transparent to EM waves in the visible range, for it allows us to see distant objects. Not necessarily so when it comes to the X-rays. For they are attenuated as they move through air. But the attenuation length depends on their wave length. One also distinguishes between hard X-rays and soft X-rays. The hard ones have a much shorter wavelength than the soft ones. There is a web site (web-docs.gsi.de) where they have set up an «X-Ray attenuation & absorption calculator», where the X-ray photonic energies are expressed in kilo electron Volts (keV), instead of using the wave length. But the thickness of the absorption layer has to be described in millimeters ! I entered first a thousand millimeters corresponding to 1 m, and indeed X-ays did get through as I specified «air» for the material. But then I entered 1000000 mm (6 zeroes) corresponding to 1 kilometer, and almost nothing got through! I tried energies ranging from 10 keV up to a thousand keV. Peter Paul 1950  September 11, 2016 at 1:34 pm kaho, yes you’re quite right about the electromagnetic natur in and around us, but that was Ian’s intention to get feedback with his x-ray vision. Every writer who wants to get attention has to produce at least some kind of meaning to the subject and Falcon 9 just gave him the best opportunity so speak his mind and be sure of an audience And that nasty little blob is giving others a greater chance to chip in with their extraterrestrial views and blues. If these were the days of Chernobyl in 1986 it wouldn’t even be doubted by anyone that could count to three. That was 30 years ago and here in Germany we are still not allowed to collect mushrooms or eat wild boar. Ian wouldn’t have the slightest problem proving his views either. I remember several docus that were revealed many years later. There exist films documenting the evacuation the following days after the explosion. You can clearly see the blobs on those frames of the film that were being hit by hot radiation and were overexposed. That way the proof was conserved over the years and if I recall correctly there could be some copies on you tube. From that one blast we just don’t have that kind of hardcopy that can be presented. A ccd just gets that extra impuls and the diodes go haywire for a few milliseconds but the stream of electrons don’t stay put for further interrogation. I am being exposed to radiation every day since. Peter Paul 1950  September 11, 2016 at 2:08 pm And to add to Chernobyl being so far off in the Ukraine doesn’t mean I’m ignorant of any kind of possabilties. I’m suffering from an underactive thyroid gland and need 200 mg of thyroxide a day. Look at Fukushima and study why people there are having the same problems. It’s major cause appears to be Caesium. Last week exactly the same time Falcon 9 had it’s bad day I was hit by several blasts of x-rays. I was out that evening and had a sudden blackout. The only thing I can hardly remember was that the people there called an ambulance and sometime later I remember talking to a woman who was trying to explain to me she had to make a couple of x-rays of my chest and neck. When I woke up Friday morning it slowly dawned on me that I was lying in a hospital bed. I got my fair share of x-rays for the day and went back home only to discover that here on VT x-rays were flying all around somewhere else. Do you know a safe place where I can take off my tin foil hat and breath some clean fresh air without those blobs flying around head? I’m just recovering from a major heart attack I had on May 30th and where they made some minor adjustments to the flow of body liquids by inserting 6 new stents to the one I already had. So feel with Ian and poor Falcon 9 who just didn’t make it while I’m having the time of my life. Sarcasm? What, me worry? kaho  September 11, 2016 at 3:48 pm Peter, you are right. In fact, I already saw a note explaining that the rectangular array of photo diodes will, under certain circumstances, function as a diffraction grating. This will cause the different wavelengths (colors) to be sent back at different angles, and then you will see different colors like small rainbows. But I do not know the exact details of this. The diffraction gratings I am used to, have light going in on one side, and come out at the other. In the video the flares form a shape like a huge letter X. Hence the number four is important here. Most cameras have 5 or 6 aperture blades, and then you will see 5 or 6 rays (double for odd numbers). But here you see only four. Could that be a typical feature of some of the newer video cameras? Peter Paul 1950  September 12, 2016 at 4:09 am kaho, Yes, you are getting very close to my point of view concerning that flare. In my opinion based on the fact that I had a great deal to do with the production of chips on an every day basis. I have to emphasize that I was then introduced to so much technology that was considered top secret. From the production line to the end product itself silicium chips the whole thing is based on miniaturizing electronics for special purposes. Because we are in the realm of atoms and their electric properties they are extremely vulnerable to static overload. That situation is also known as over exposure. Ian has brought up the subject concerning the flare, that’s fair enough. But to get a better understanding how it was produced you have to bear in mind he is pointing at an emitting source of energy he believes to be there, whereas I am pointing to the receiver of this energy: the ccd chip. The physical phenomena involved for transforming that source are ‘photovoltaic’ and piezoelectricity. The visible product we are all looking at is a realigned array of pixels that are visible to the human eye. The camera is the interface and transformer. Looking at that flare I tend to believe the array on the ccd is not square but hexagonal like a honeycomb. I haven’t measured it out if coincides with 60 degrees yet because I didn’t around to that yet. Peter Paul 1950  September 12, 2016 at 4:28 am keho, Then there is one more thing I tried to point out earlier in this whole debate concerning the ‘FLARE’ and that an X-RAY BURST causes more havoc that would be registered by the microchips involved and that is the SOUND track. I analyzed it quite closely because it is pure CD quality. Where is the electronic CLICK that can be HEARD if it really was an x-ray burst? There is none. Of all the pictures you could present to me I would always want to have the sound track that goes with it. If x-rays were really involved then their also should be a whole array of frequencies that go along with it that would create an electromagnetic pulse in any unprotected equipment in and around the recording devices in use. And that would inevitably cause a clear and audible interruption in the MICROPHONE, the most unprotected instrument out there. So where is the click I ask? Spiritual Warrior  September 11, 2016 at 5:01 am So it’s good ole corporate competition? If that’s the case then ‘Obama ordered the destruction of the rocket ‘claim is incorrect and his snub at the G20 was for other reasons. And then we have Lockheed Martin and Boeing controlling the military’s most advanced classified technology that is not known to the public. Log in to Reply Raptor  September 11, 2016 at 4:30 am My conclusion is this: Musk works near to the field and as a result my opinion is that he most likely KNOWS what it was, who did it, and why. The rest is a veiled effort to distract the masses. To Chris above: Thanks for the video however, how far is the rocket from the tower/pads located closest to the camera? Would that not alter your formula? Especially when it comes to scale.. best, Raptor Log in to Reply Chris Essonne  September 11, 2016 at 4:57 am Good question Raptor ! Sound of the explosion needs 12s to arrive, so SpaceX is 4000 m away. My model does not use these towers only distance of SpaceX matters. A z depth of about 120m around SpaceX affects resolution only by 3%, negligible… Chris Essonne  September 11, 2016 at 2:58 am My analysis in this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIude2CtniI Hope it will help ! Log in to Reply Chris Essonne  September 11, 2016 at 4:37 am A few typos fixed, corrected link is this one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5yP3KiNs8Q Peter Paul 1950  September 11, 2016 at 5:32 am Great stuff Chris, just had to give it a thumbs up. Hope you don’t mind that I enjoyed it and downloaded it for my private and secret archive. But one thing I’d like to ask is, does it really need that dramatic music to make it all that more appealing? Not that the music is disturbing to me – I studied classical music myself along the way and was a teacher for classical guitar for almost twenty years – but it distracted me from some of the essential parts of the math involved. Since I’m also an artist I’m very well acquainted with working kind of slomo – sometimes like 1 fpm or half that speed. In some cases I’ve even made it to up to 5-10 fpd and more. But nowadays it’s more like maybe 1-2 fpy. Here is one of my older galleries if you care to have a look: http://www.geocities.ws/ptacskovics/ If you read further down this comment section I uploaded the frames in question for those who might have trouble extracting them by themselves. For those who didn’t quite understand what I was just pointing at the translation and equation goes like this: fpm = frames per month, fpy = frames per year and fpd = frames per day. Does it sound okay when I mute the music…? Chris Essonne  September 11, 2016 at 9:45 am A screenshot of my datasheet is available on my fb page (Chris Essonne) Harold Saive  September 11, 2016 at 4:29 pm Video removed Chris Essonne  September 12, 2016 at 11:45 am Yes I removed initial link after fixing a few typos. New link is https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5yP3KiNs8Q kaho  September 11, 2016 at 1:01 am Thank you for your additional explanations ! One difficulty that ought to be apparent, is that alpha-particles (Helium nuclei) are very stable. One might guess as much, noting the fact that the alpha-particle is one of the typical end product of nuclear reactions. In fact, radioactivity consists mainly of alpha- beta- and gamma-rays. More specifically, one might calculate the mass difference “Delta m” between an alpha-particle and two deuterons. If one then multiplies the mass difference by the speed of light squared (c^2), the famous Einstein formula E = m*c^2 will give the energy a gamma-photon must possess in order to split the alpha-particle into two deuterons. In particular, it is here of interest to calculate the gamma-photon’s frequency and wavelength, in order to get an idea of the scale of things. The equations one uses to find frequency “nu” and wavelength “lambda” are :::: E = h * nu ::::: and ::::: lambda*nu = c ::::: , where h = Planck’s constant and c = the speed of light. Log in to Reply Peter Paul 1950  September 11, 2016 at 12:25 am Ian, very good explanation of your x-ray theory indeed. I think the discussion is needed and welcomed by the open minded to better understand the dots and connections. You may have noticed that I’m focused on that blob fly-by and the 16 frames involved and that thy coincide with the moment of the ignition. Now that I’ve been seeing each and every frame for hours on end it is very obvious that the explosion must have started outside of the rocket. During the explosion you might notice parts flying upwards that can’t possibly have come from the inside of the rocket as the satellite itself remains almost unmoved and topples downward almost 12 sec later. And as it appears hits the ground still in one piece coinciding nicely with the incoming blast. During those seconds there is a large piece of debris flying straight up over the flames between the rocket and it’s tower that consider it a dead giveaway that the fueling system and procedure are the issue. If the containers inside the rocket had of been the initial source of the explosion the following scenario would have looked quite different. There would have been much more debris flying around in all directions and the payload would have dropped off much sooner along the timeline. The sound track is very revealing because you actually hear a whole series of different explosions going off hidden by the fire and that nasty but unavoidable ‘smokescreen’ that tends to surround such mysterious events. Log in to Reply Ian Greenhalgh  September 11, 2016 at 12:52 am One big problem with analysing the available video is that it is all in the MPEG format which does not store every frame. Only a few frames are stored in their entirety and the majority of frame data is in the form of i-frames. The fuelling system could not be the source of the explosion because it wasn’t a molecular explosion but a nuclear one. The white plasma ball proves that. Also, there is very little blast, another giveaway that it was nuclear rather than molecular. The x-shaped lens flare proves the presence of X-rays which again, proves it was a nuclear event. Peter Paul 1950  September 11, 2016 at 4:47 am Ian, that was the very first thing I had my eye on when I first started commenting your first article here at VT: the quality of the material available. So hang on a bit and have a look at this and we can go on from there. So in first place it’s… The ‘Phantom Blob’ strikes again… I’ve uploaded the full sequence of 18 numbered frames with our now infamous mystery to be solved caught in the act. Questions like ‘what is it’ and where does this guy come from and – most important of all: when and where is it going to strike again: http://s1044.photobucket.com/user/peter-paul-1950/library/ File specs are: 1280 x 738 .JPG 300 dpi compression factor 95% captured using VLC from the super slomo version you can get here: v=HXqG-R8O39g Credit goes to ‘orogenicman’ who did a phantastic job making this slomo clip available. Special credit also goes to (c) 2016 USLaunchReport.com and I hope they get the further support they need in the near future to keep people like me off the street and up all night long counting all the pixels it takes till I fall asleep (instead of counting sheep). So thanks for all those sheepless nights USLaunchReport. More to come soon once I find a better provider to upload the frames. Agin  September 10, 2016 at 11:06 pm Clearly photo shopped so as to not blow Superman’s cover who was using the heat of his x-ray vision to destroy the joint Israeli-Chinese quantum cryptography and radar satellite project and their Long March through institutions and to the Dark Side of the Moon to secure vast amounts of helium 3. Log in to Reply Agin  September 11, 2016 at 3:05 pm The Moon is Now a Wi-Fi Hotspot By Carl Engelking | May 28, 2014 11:53 am China’s internet services aren’t stellar, which is why the nation’s State Council recently decided to spend US$182bn on network construction in an effort to speed up local connections. While Chinese citizens wait for all that to happen, plenty are instead turning to an app called Wi-Fi Skeleton Key that collects credentials for open Wi-Fi hotspots and shares them among users. The upshot is that users of the app can log into millions of hotspots around China, gratis. Which is a nice hack, especially given Chinese hotspots often ask for personal information before they allow connection. So nice a hack, in fact, that local outlet QQ reports that Wi-Fi Skeleton Key has just scored a $52 million VC injection that values the company at a billion bucks. While X-rays cannot be used in practice to enable seeing objects through walls, researchers have recently shown how everyday wireless signals, such as WiFi, can be used to achieve x-ray vision. Here is a chronological summary. In,[2][3] details of an area were successfully imaged through walls with wifi signals. In [4] [5] tracking of a human through walls was performed. Later work on tracking with wireless signals include.[6] In,[7] gesture recognition with wireless signals is tested through walls. Altimometer  September 10, 2016 at 9:56 pm Someone also wants electric Tesla driverless cars to go away. Effort is under way to eliminate competition at the government and corporate level. This poses a huge hurdle for startups in the US. Log in to Reply You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT Latest Top 10 Comments Syrian War Report – November 18, 2016: Govt Forces Storming Eastern Aleppo Russian spokeswoman says Jews behind Trump win NEO – Will US Hit the Reset Button with Russia? Should the military overthrow Trump? Armenian President: Russia’s Iskander missile systems in Armenia to maintain balance in region Trump Election Spurs Hate Crime Wave with 400 Racist Incidents FF2P – False Flags 2 Protect American interests in the Mideast replaces R2P? Trump’s “isolationism” vs. Deep State Possible Scenarios of the Conflict in Syria Meet the Jews in Donald Trump’s inner circle Today in Trumpland, Life on the other side of the mirror Russian Pantsir-S air defense systems go to Kuweires airbase near Aleppo City Judge orders CIA, FBI & NSA to disclose whether they spied on Occupy Philadelphia protests – report Russia’s Economy Minister detained for corruption Never Lose HOPE in Dealing with your Fears and Anxieties Professor Stephen Cohen: The Zionist media gets it completely wrong about Russia and Vladimir Putin Syrian War Report – November 16, 2016: Russia Launch Air Raids and Missile Strikes on Terrorists Netanyahu: Trump is ‘a true friend’ of Israel A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” Exclusive: The US is up for uneasy times Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network (101489) Yes, the election WAS stolen – so who “sent” Trump? (16570) Time to take down the flag as most Americans surrender to a foreign backed coup (16134) Breaking/Exclusive: The New 9/11, Information In, Israel Rigs an Election (updating) (13297) Qatari princess having sex with seven men (10816) Disclosure: Hillary Campaign Knew Trump Aided by Intel Agencies (9505) Will the Powers That Be assassinate Donald Trump? (8390) Confirmation: British Pegida leader is an Israeli op (8314) Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab (7411) Meet the Jews in Donald Trump’s inner circle (7064) Leno: NEO – Will US Hit the Reset Button with Russia? JohnZ: Should the military overthrow Trump? JohnZ: NEO – Will US Hit the Reset Button with Russia? Ariana: SouthFront: Turkey Seizing More Syrian Territory while Russian Fleet Readies for Attack methuselah: FF2P – False Flags 2 Protect American interests in the Mideast replaces R2P? a1abhi: NATO expansion into Eastern Europe underway Khalid Talaat: Should the military overthrow Trump? Khalid Talaat: Should the military overthrow Trump? Khalid Talaat: Should the military overthrow Trump? roger: Possible Scenarios of the Conflict in Syria VT Readers Poll Should USA break up into (2) separate countries, one Whites Only and other Everyone Else? Yes No Not Sure View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Featured Columnists Allen L Roland, PhD Bob Nichols Brig Asif H. Raja David Swanson Dr. Ashraf Ezzat Ed Mattson Gilad Atzmon Gordon Duff, Seni.. Ian Greenhalgh Jack Heart Jack Speer-Williams Jane Rosenstein Jim W. Dean, Mana.. Johnny Punish Jonas E. Alexis Kadir A. Mohmand Katherine Frisk Kevin Barrett Michael Shrimpton Muhammed Ali Carter Paul Fitzgerald Press TV Preston James, Ph.D Richard Edmondson Sami Jamil Jadallah South Front Stuart Littlewood World News Tommor.. Personal Finance View all Google and Facebook Take Aim at Fake-News Sites Google and Facebook Take Aim at Fake-News Sites Financial Conversations You Should Have During the Holidays It’s All Bullish in the End as Stocks Post Best Week Since 2014 We Should Take Our Cues From the Market — Not Politicians In personal finance, there’s a gender divide National News View all The Case For Trey Gowdy As US Attorney General The Case For Trey Gowdy As US Attorney General Memo to Hillary Supporters: Trump Won, Stop Whining and Grow Up Under Donald Trump, Harsh Critic of V.A. May Become Its Leader The VA Must Do Right by Trans Veterans Trump Elected as President – Risks and Opportunities VA Home Loans View all Mortgage Rates Rise to Near Pre-Brexit Levels Mortgage Rates Rise to Near Pre-Brexit Levels How Can A Little Strategy Help You Win Big Eight Reasons to Invest in the Forex Market 7 guidelines on how to finance small business Veteran Affairs Renews Contract with Black Knight Career News View all Aircraft Service International Group Joins HireVeterans.com! Aircraft Service International Group Joins HireVeterans.com! Utica College Joins HireVeterans.com! How Riverside County reached ‘functional zero’ veteran homelessness Service and Sacrifice: Former State Legislator Leads Program to help Maine Veterans 9 High-Rated Companies Hiring Veterans Now Network News View all Expose Journalists Elizabeth Gould and Paul Fitzgerald Join VT Expose Journalists Elizabeth Gould and Paul Fitzgerald Join VT VOTE: Message from VT General Manager John Allen James Hall – Former Political Operative Joins VNN Sherwood Ross: Award-Winning Reporter Joins Veterans Today Writers Staff Rag Radio host Thorne Dreyer Joins VT Radio VT LIVE Radio TV Video Media   Listen Live TCK Radio: Dr. Tenpenny “Global Forced Vaccines; Conspiracy Or Reality? WTF: Taking A Dump For Trump! TCK Radio: Patrick Wood “Technocracy Rising: It’s a GREEN World” Short End Of The Stick with Mike Harris: Dr. Preston James is the guest Short End Of The Stick with Mike Harris: John Denugent and Kevin Barrett TCK Radio: Josh Tolley “Post Election Prognosis, Putin & Preparedness” TOP 50 READ ARTICLES THIS MONTH Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network Breaking/Exclusive: Comey Lied: FBI “Synced” Weiner Laptop Under Misused Terror Warrant – Updated “Lock Him Up” Trump Faces Possible Jail for Insurance Fraud Breaking/Exclusive: The New 9/11, Information In, Israel Rigs an Election (updating) The City of London’s ReColonization of America The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated) Rodrigo Duterte: I am officially through with the New World Order BREAKING: Comey Admits to Fabricating Email Investigation, Rigging Election in FBI Secret Memo Qatari princess having sex with seven men Yes, the election WAS stolen – so who “sent” Trump? VT Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State, the Rats Scramble Time to take down the flag as most Americans surrender to a foreign backed coup Why the Red Poppy Holds Valuable Symbolism for War Veterans We “conspiracy theorists” won – so why aren’t I celebrating? Wikileaks Tracked to Haifa, Trump’s Real Campaign Headquarters and more, much more Israel makes ‘Hail Mary’ move to influence US election – FBI commit treason? Vladimir Putin Is Morally and Intellectually Destroying the New World Order LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog II Top 10 reasons to be a holocaust denier New World Order, Weiner and Revelation Trump is the Anti-Obama, Just Like Obama Was the Anti-Bush (But It’s All a Con Game) Disclosure: Beyond the Burning the FBI, VT Breaks New Ground(part IV) FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog I Tying it together, Wikileaks, the FBI and the Mob Part V Disclosure: Hillary Campaign Knew Trump Aided by Intel Agencies 1933: Trump Elected Chancellor Russia petrifies the New World Order and its agents—again Rape and Sex in German Cities After World War II Revisited (Part II) FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election: part 2 Will the Powers That Be assassinate Donald Trump? Admiral Kuznetsov Carrier Group Saved Syria From US Cruise Missile Strikes Confirmation: British Pegida leader is an Israeli op Press TV: Duff Buries the Trump/ISIS Lie Machine Loser of the Day: Porn Star Turns Down $10k Trump Offer Vladimir Putin to George Soros: Thank God we kicked you out of Russia Looks like Hillary will be Trumped Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab Power, Pedophilia and the US Government The Fall of the Saudis, the Battle after ISIS Assad: New World Order agents (like John Kerry) have no political or intellectual teeth Meet the Jews in Donald Trump’s inner circle Russia wins the Syrian war; New World Order agents are becoming obsolete American Nightmare: Tyranny Under the FBI, an American Reality (Part III) October Boomerang COINTELPRO II: The FBI Informant Army and Donald Trump VI (updated) The New World Order is melting in the heat of its own contradiction On Trump and the Jews ISIS Takes Out M1A Abrams Tank with American TOW Missile (video) “Wikileaks is the Mossad, Stupid, Not the Russians, We are playing them like a fiddle…” Assange (sort of) Facebook Friend Us Twitter Follow Us Google+ Circle Us RSS Site Feed About Us Veterans Today (VT) is an independent online journal representing the positions and providing news for members of the military and veteran community in areas of national security, geopolitical stability and domestic policy. All writers are fully independent and represent their own point of view and not necessarily the point of view of any other writer, administrator or entity. Quick Links VT Live Radio & Video Download Apps Email Newsletter Advertise Contact Us Help Desk Search Archives Search Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 Search Veterans Today Network VETERANS TODAY NETWORK: National News | Foreign Affairs | Net Radio | Veterans Jobs | Career News | VA Home Loans | Money | Forums | Veteran Owned Businesses (VOSB) | Partners: USS Liberty | Rense.com | Log in  - Powered By Veterans Today Network
null
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18872.32 -0.17%   S&P 500 ▲ 2182.60 -0.21%   Nasdaq ▲ 5321.18 -0.24%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -9/32 yield 2.338%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.18 -0.53%   Euro ▲ 1.0582 -0.41%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In VW to Slash Up to 30,000 Jobs in Broad Overhaul Chipotle, Ackman Near Settlement Over Company’s Board Facebook Fends Off Crises With Confidence DraftKings, FanDuel Agree to Merge Sanofi to Stop Production of Bladder-Cancer Drug Europe Inc. Is Poised for a Rebound Former Executives Accused in Fraud Against Valeant Betting on Flavored Alcohol Can Be Risky for Booze Makers ADM Chief Andreas Wielded Power in Washington and Abroad Abercrombie Profit Tumbles Amid Rebranding Efforts China Presses U.S. Tech Firms to Police the Internet Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Southwest Incident Linked to Cracked Engine Blade NTSB hasn’t concluded what caused a plane’s emergency landing in Florida in August By Jon Ostrower Jon Ostrower The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyJon Ostrower @jonostrower jonostrower Google+ Jon.Ostrower@wsj.com Sept. 12, 2016 5:33 p.m. ET The U.S. aviation-safety watchdog on Monday linked a cracked jet-engine fan blade to the emergency landing of a Southwest Airlines Co. plane last month, as part of its preliminary investigation to identify the cause of the unusual incident. The National Transportation Safety Board has yet to conclude the root cause of what happened but said it found cracking consistent with metal fatigue on a remaining piece of one of the engine’s... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos A Reporter's View From the Trump Tower Lobby Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds Nintendo NES Classic Edition Takes You Back to ’85 China Tightens Regulations on Movie Themes Wilson, Wyo.: The Priciest Town You Never Heard Of Most Popular Articles Theranos Whistleblower Shook the Company—and His Family Opinion: Donald Trump Won Because Hillary Clinton Flopped Opinion: The Democrats Double Down Trump Children Won’t Have Formal White House Roles Opinion: What to Tell Your Children About Trump Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu MOONSHOT Jeff Bezos has a plan to build an enormous new rocket and head for the moon Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession Space Business September 12, 2016 Jeff Bezos is ready for space. (Blue Origin) Share Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession Space Business September 12, 2016 Jeff Bezos said today that his space company Blue Origin is designing an enormous rocket capable of flying cargo and humans into space by 2020. It’s the next step, he hinted, in plans to take humans back to the moon. The “New Glenn” rocket, named after John Glenn, the first American to orbit the earth, will be larger and more powerful than any rocket currently in operation, and those envisioned by its rivals in the commercial launch business, SpaceX and ULA. “Our vision is millions of people living and working in space, and New Glenn is a very important step,” Bezos wrote in an e-mail to fans and press this morning. “It won’t be the last of course. Up next on our drawing board: New Armstrong.” Armstrong, of course, refers to Neil Armstrong, the first human to land on the moon, a not-so-subtle hint about Blue Origin’s goal of returning there. Bezos’ announcement comes just two weeks after a still-mysterious fire grounded SpaceX’s workhorse Falcon 9 rocket, demonstrating the resiliency and competitiveness of deep-pocketed private space fans who are eager to leapfrog NASA. In his note, the Amazon founder and third-richest man in the world cited the military adage “slow is smooth and smooth is fast” to describe his company’s approach to technology development. He added that “deliberate and methodical wins the day, and you do things quickest by never skipping steps,” in what may be a veiled criticism of Elon Musks’s SpaceX and its break-neck pace of innovation. Bezos founded Blue Origin in 2000. The company has spent the last several years demonstrating its ability to make good on its promises: In 2015, it debuted its suborbital rocket, New Shepard, which can fly a capsule to the edge of space and be reused on subsequent flights, technology needed to build a space tourism business. But there were signs of higher aim: In 2014, Blue Origin inked a deal with United Launch Alliance (ULA), the launch company jointly owned by Boeing and Lockheed Martin, to develop a modern rocket engine for ULA’s next vehicle, Vulcan. Blue Origin also broke ground on a Florida rocket factory earlier this year. How the New Glenn fits in with a range of modern rockets. (Blue Origin) The rockets that will emerge from that factory will be marvelous if they meet Bezos’ plans. More than 23 feet (7 meters) in diameter and nearly 27 stories high in its initial configuration, the New Glenn will use seven of Blue Origin’s BE-4 engines to generate 3.85 million pounds of thrust at launch, making it more powerful than the famous Saturn V rocket, which took humans to the moon. The “New Glenn” will be reusable, and designed to carry cargo and humans, according to Bezos. There will be a three-stage variant for missions “beyond [low-earth orbit.]” Before this rocket flies too many times in your imagination, it’s important to remember the NASA rule-of-thumb that the average delay in rocket development is 27 months. In an interview earlier this week, the CEO of ULA, Tory Bruno, noted that the first static-fire tests of the BE-4 engine, intended to occur in 2016, could be pushed into next year. But deadline slips or no, new large orbital rockets produced by three different companies—first SpaceX’s Falcon, then ULA’s Vulcan, and now Blue Origin’s New Glenn—may soon replace Russian technology that has dominated the business, and signal the resurgence of the US space industry. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
NOW ONLINE Everything you need to know about the 2017 total solar eclipse SUBSCRIBE RENEW DIGITAL EDITIONS GIVE A GIFT Login or Register | Customer Service Tonight's Sky — Search By Name Enter coordinates Use current location SUN & MOON MERCURY & VENUS MARS, JUPITER & SATURN Sun RISE— SET— Sun Moon — — Moon PHASE— DISK— Mercury RISE— SET— Mercury — Venus — — Venus — Mars RISE— SET— Mars — Jupiter — — Jupiter — Saturn — — Saturn — Tonight's Sky — Change location City/place name US state, Canadian province, or country OR US ZIP code Searching... Tonight's Sky — Select location Tonight's Sky — Enter coordinates Latitude: ° ' N S Longitude: ° ' E W UTC Offset: Home The Magazine News Observing Photos Videos Blogs Community Shop Magazine News Observing Photos Videos Blogs Community Shop MENU ABOUT THE MAGAZINE About Us Back Issues Email Newsletter Renew Digital Editions Advertiser Links Trips & Tours Contact Us Current Issue Special Issues Subscribe Give a Gift Advertise with Us Contests Press Room Subscriber Extras SUBSCRIBER EXTRAS IN EVERY ISSUESky this Month Ask Astro Web Extras COLUMNISTSBob Berman Glenn Chaple Stephen James O'Meara Erika Rix Tony Hallas Adam Block Jeff Hester Phil Harrington FEATURES50 Greatest Mysteries 50 Weirdest Objects Superstars Podcast StarDome Star Atlas Product Reviews Newest fast radio burst hints at makeup of the cosmic web RECENT HEADLINES Doomsday dinosaur crater could have sheltered life Kepler 11145123 attained a new status A Subsurface Ocean May Give Pluto a Heavy Heart Scientists found a valley on Mercury New trailer for Hidden Figures will pull on your heartstrings Project Blue kicks off citizen-driven campaign ‘Ice cauldrons’ could tells us if there’s life on Mars TOPICS solar system galaxies stars cosmology black holes space flight exoplanets space physics milky way The Sky This Week for November 11 to 20 RECENT HEADLINES The Sky This Week for November 4 to 13 There's super-hype for this month’s Super Moon How eclipses and superstitions walk hand-in-hand What is a solar prominence? The Sky This Week for October 28 to November 6 Powerful solar storm could yield stunning auroras tonight The Sky This Week for October 21 to October 30 TOPICS Sky this Week Observing Podcasts Observe the Solar System Astronomy for Kids Product Reviews Star Atlas Tonight's Sky Sky Events Get to Know the Night Sky Tour the Deep Sky Sky Guide Equipment Use StarDome PICTURE OF THE DAY The Dark Shark Nebula in Cepheus RECENT GALLERIES             TOPICS Imaging Basics Reader Photo Gallery Calendar Picture of the Day Image Galleries The Real Reality Show: Minerals: The way the universe makes planets RECENT HEADLINES The Real Reality Show: Does an Earth-like planet orbit the nearest star? September 2016: 100+ Years of Astronomical Discoveries August 2016: Juno sets its sights on Jupiter July 2016: Secrets of the Milky Way June 2016: How we discovered planet nine Gravitational wave search provides insights into galaxy evolution and mergers May 2016: Gravitational waves breakthrough TOPICS Cosmic Adventures Astronomy 101 Dave's Universe Seasonal Observing Tour the Solar System Observing Basics The Real Reality Show Issue Previews Starmus IV to celebrate outstanding contributions of women to science RECENT POSTS David Eicher talk, signing at Lowell Observatory this Saturday Asteroid Day: Support the AIM Asteroid Mission! Book review: Sun Moon Earth by Tyler Nordgren Book review: Astrophotography by Rhodri Evans I will speak at Lowell Observatory on November 19 Did you know Astronomy has the first-ever Pluto globe? TOPICS Local Group From the Industry Dave's Universe Year of Pluto READER GALLERIES TOPICS Events Astronomy Foundation Reader Galleries Groups Why Join? Astronomy Day NEW PRODUCTS Astronomy Magazine: The 5-Year Collection 2011-2015 on DVD-ROM Pluto Globe (from Astronomy magazine) Deep Space Mysteries 2017 Calendar IN OUR STORE Subscribe Back Issues Special Issues Books & DVDS Digital Downloads Globes & Maps Posters Calendar Binders Gifts & Toys CURRENT ISSUE The Magazine Tonight's Sky News Observing Photos Videos Blogs Community Shop Home / News / Jeff Bezos debuted a massive rocket plan to take Blue Origin into deep space Jeff Bezos debuted a massive rocket plan to take Blue Origin into deep space The New Glenn will take the previously-suborbital company to dizzying new heights. By Nathaniel Scharping  |  Published: Monday, September 12, 2016 Blue Origin Blue Origin on Monday announced it’s adding a bigger, badder addition to its future stable of reusable rocket boosters. The spacecraft, dubbed the New Glenn, is designed to provide the lift for missions into low Earth orbit and beyond, and comes in both two- and three-stage variants — the largest of the two will stand 313 feet tall. The first launch planned for the end of this decade, according to an email sent out Monday by Blue Origin CEO and Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos. The rocket builds on the success of the company’s New Shepard booster, which has now completed four trips to the edge of space and back, showcasing the upright landings that have become a staple of the modern-day space race. More Power, Same Landings The New Glenn craft, named for John Glenn, the first American to reach orbit, would be capable of the same gentle touchdowns as the New Shepard, allowing the company to reuse rocket boosters, cutting costs dramatically. An artist’s illustration of the New Glenn rocket. (Credit: Blue Origin) Unlike the New Shepard, the three-stage version of the New Glenn will possess enough lift power to carry heavy payloads, such as satellites and crew capsules, into space. Bezos says that the New Glenn will be ready to launch before the end of the decade. The New Glenn will use the company’s upcoming BE-4 rocket booster, an upgrade to the current BE-3 model that powered the New Shepard. The rocket’s main stage will contain seven BE-4 boosters strung together, yielding a total thrust of 3.85 million pounds at liftoff, Bezos says. That’s more than any rocket currently operating today, although only a little more than half of the thrust that the space shuttle had, according toArsTechnica. SpaceX’s upcoming Falcon Heavy rocket is estimated to have about 5 million pounds of thrust. Beyond Earth’s Orbit While Blue Origin has thus far focused on sub-orbital tourist flights, Bezos is setting his sights much higher with the New Glenn. The new rocket should be able to deliver both satellites and human payloads into orbit, he says, aligning Blue Origin with other commercially-focused spaceflight companies like SpaceX and United Launch Alliance — a partnership between Boeing and Lockheed Martin. The rocket will launch from the new launch facility the company is building in Cape Canaveral, Florida, at the historic LC-36 launch pad. Bezos estimates that the booster should be capable of performing around 25 launches and landings, as opposed to most current rockets, which fall into the ocean after a single launch, creating prohibitively high costs to spaceflight. The upright landings that define both Blue Origin and SpaceX’s missions are meant to cut down on expenses. Blue Origin claimed the title for the first rocket to reach sub-orbital space and touch back down safely back in November. However, both companies have completed multiple successful landings since then, although the process has not been without hiccups.   This post originally appeared at Discover Magazine 0 JOIN THE DISCUSSION Read and share your comments on this article RELATED ARTICLES Newest fast radio burst hints at makeup of the cosmic web Doomsday dinosaur crater could have sheltered life Kepler 11145123 attained a new status A Subsurface Ocean May Give Pluto a Heavy Heart Scientists found a valley on Mercury New trailer for Hidden Figures will pull on your heartstrings Project Blue kicks off citizen-driven campaign ‘Ice cauldrons’ could tells us if there’s life on Mars 3D models shed some light on Beagle 2 lander’s fate, but questions remain YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE 100 Most Spectacular Sky Wonders Astronomy Magazine: The 5-Year Collection 2011-2015 on DVD-ROM Pluto Globe (from Astronomy magazine) Deep Space Mysteries 2017 Calendar The New Cosmos (By David Eicher) Your Guide to the 2017 Total Solar Eclipse Cosmology's Greatest Discoveries Cosmic Origins Comment on this article Want to leave a comment? Only registered members of Astronomy.com are allowed to comment on this article. Registration is FREE and only takes a couple minutes. Login or Register now. 0 comments Most recent | Oldest to newest No one has commented yet. LATEST NEWS Newest fast radio burst hints at makeup of the cosmic web Doomsday dinosaur crater could have sheltered life Kepler 11145123 attained a new status POPULAR Searching for aliens who already know we're here A gamma-ray burst hints that LIGO's double black holes started as one massive star Pluto's largest moon may have once had an ocean TRIPS & TOURS Join Astronomy for America's 2017 total solar eclipse! ADVERTISEMENT FREE EMAIL NEWSLETTER Receive news, sky-event information, observing tips, and more from Astronomy's weekly email newsletter. Sign up Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ THE MAGAZINE Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Editons ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Click here to receive a FREE e-Guide exclusively from Astronomy magazine. Find us on Facebook Astronomy Magazine The Magazine News Observing Photos Videos Blogs Community Shop About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright Policy FREE EMAIL NEWSLETTER Sign up! Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ SUBSCRIBE RENEW DIGITAL EDITIONS GIVE A GIFT CUSTOMER SERVICE More great sites from Kalmbach Publishing Co.: American Snowmobiler | Bead&Button | Bead&Button Show | Classic Toy Trains | Classic Trains | Discover | Facet | Finescale Modeler | Garden Railways | Model Railroader | Model Railroader Video Plus | My Science Shop | Scale Auto | Trains | Trains.com
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com Weather Today Subscribe Newsletter East Bay Times Weather Today Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com Butler: Making sense of the employment picture Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Legal pot can get you fired 5 girls, 20 robberies East Bay adoptions applauded ‘Transformative’ bus rapid transit coming Lew Wolff exits New Chic-fil-A opens Business Butler: Making sense of the employment picture Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) D. Ross Cameron/Staff archives A worker steams wrinkles out of leather upholstery at Futuris Automotive in Newark, where the plant assembles seat kits for use in Tesla electric vehicles. By Steve Butler | sbutler@pensiondynamics.com PUBLISHED: September 12, 2016 at 11:00 am | UPDATED: September 12, 2016 at 11:21 am Years ago, a Fortune magazine article bemoaned the fact that many assembly line workers in the automobile industry had insufficient reading skills. The literacy level was so low that instructions had to be presented in picture form — like so many comic books. It was a sad commentary on the decline in the quality of education. Bill Walsh, the 49ers’ head coach at the time, made the point that cutting back on school sports and music programs removed the primary reason many kids stayed in school long enough to graduate. The Wall Street Journal weighed in with a Sept. 2 editorial titled “The Idle Army: America’s Unworking Men,” contributed by Nicolas Eberstadt of the American Enterprise Institute. A few pages earlier in the same edition was an article by a staff writer titled “Manufacturers Search for Workers.” Let’s try to make some sense of this dichotomy, because the Federal Reserve raises interest rates on the assumption that we are approaching someone’s version of “full employment.” And rising rates affect all of us who are making investment decisions. Because of the army of so-called “unworking men,” the suggestion that we are at full employment is, instead, “not even close,” according to the editorial. On the flip side, the number of unfilled manufacturing jobs is at a 15-year high. Openings for jobs that require mechanical and electrical skills have averaged 353,000 per month this year. More of these jobs are being filled with those who have college degrees as they replace those who have only graduated from high school. Those without a high school degree are falling behind in the statistics, because instructions in picture form don’t cut it in today’s computerized manufacturing sector. Speaking of high school, whatever happened to shop class? In Oakland, a privately funded program with a tenuous future has replaced what used to be part of the school curriculum years ago — another penny-wise and pound-foolish decision. This is true across the country. Today, it takes about three months to recruit a skilled production worker — about the same amount of time as for a skilled scientist. In a free-market economy, one solution is to pay more money for jobs that are tougher to fill. But this is not as simple as union advocates make it sound. As skilled machinists make higher wages, it can take years before “the word gets out” and nudges enough promising students (including older adults in retraining) to consider something other than, say, technology, health care or service industry careers. Many people have their own reasons for claiming that the unemployment rate is “off the charts” and that unemployment figures are “bogus” because they don’t include people who have given up looking for work. That may be true, but the sad thing is that those who fall into the category of abject despair are often structurally unemployable because of a lack of training. Or they may be reluctant to move to where jobs are available. Boeing, for example, is struggling to fill high-paying jobs even while offering a relocating bonus, but making a move requires a struggle to overcome inertia. Mr. Eberstadt, who has written a book on this subject, makes the interesting point that married men look harder for work and are more successful at finding it than those who have never married. He points out that immigrants have better results in finding work than those born in this country. Ex-felons include 1 out of every 8 American males, and this segment has trouble finding work. The unemployment statistics that get bandied about to support different points of view — political points especially — have much underlying truth that is usually left unsaid. The bottom line is that we have a form of unemployment that no amount of economic growth can solve. The current number, which by one estimate is about 5 percent, may be a practical reality and a number that would prompt a rise in interest rates, normally. But with a mountain of personal and corporate cash apparently satisfied with a rate of return close to zero, the Federal Reserve’s efforts shouldn’t do much to affect overall rates. Tags:  Personal Finance,  Retirement Planner Steve Butler Steve Butler is the CEO and Founder of Pension Dynamics Company LLC. To read past columns and learn more about his book, visit www.pensiondynamics.com and click on resources. Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Oakland: Triple murder suspect was admired educator, transgender activist Antioch teen arrested for trying to run undercover police off road Oakland: Five teen girls arrested in estimated 20 street robberies Raiders defensive end Mario Edwards Jr. still not practicing, return remains uncertain Oakland, San Leandro: Bus rapid transit route to change area Boys testify to cup-checks, porn watching, sharing sleeping bag with Bay Area teacher Oakland: Woman charged with killing Berkeley teacher, wife, son, then setting home ablaze DA: Serial child molester Facebook messaged victim, spurring new case More in Business Daily fantasy sports rivals DraftKings and FanDuel to merge November 18, 2016, 8:27 am Daily fantasy sports rivals DraftKings and FanDuel have agreed to merge after months of speculation and increasing regulatory scrutiny. Volkswagen to shed 30,000 jobs, cutting costs after scandal November 18, 2016, 6:58 am Volkswagen announced plans Friday to cut 30,000 jobs in a wide-ranging restructuring of its namesake brand as it tries to recover from a scandal over cars rigged to cheat on diesel emissions tests. Marilyn Monroe dress for Kennedy birthday song sells for $4.8 Million November 18, 2016, 7:42 am Officials say a dress worn by Marilyn Monroe as she famously sang “Happy Birthday” to President John. F. Kennedy has sold for nearly $5 million at a Los Angeles auction. Tesla-SolarCity merger vote; Tech Awards; more November 18, 2016, 8:01 am var _ndnq = _ndnq || []; _ndnq.push([’embed’]); Tesla and SolarCity shareholders on Thursday between the two green-energy tech firms led by Musk. The merger pushes forward Musk’s plan to create an economy weaned from carbon fuels and dependent on renewable resources. At the on Thursday night, more than 1,000 people attended a black-tie gala at the San Jose McEnery Convention... Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps All Access Subscriptions Contact Us Corrections Archive Search Reprints Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notes © 2016 Digital First Media Sitemap Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Sharp and Autonomous Solutions, Inc. Launch Fully Autonomous Security Robot Sharp and Autonomous Solutions, Inc. Launch Fully Autonomous Security Robot Posted on September 12, 2016 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer The Sharp Intellos A-UGV, powered by Autnomous Solutions, Inc. offers the latest in innovation to a security apparatus. SALT LAKE CITY (PRWEB) September 12, 2016 Autonomous Solutions, Inc. (ASI) and Sharp have teamed up to produce the Sharp Intellos Automated Unmanned Ground Vehicle (A-UGV) for security. This automated security robot brings innovation to the security industry by offering a safer, more efficient deterrent for enhanced security. The Intellos A-UGV, launched today at the ASIS International show in Orlando, Florida, is a cost-effective, mobile sensor platform that can capture video, audio and environmental data as it patrols assigned areas. Organizations will be able to address the needs of a changing security landscape with the capabilities offered by Intellos. “When it comes to the shifting demands of private and public sector security, the industry integrators and their customers will now have a safe, reliable and cost-effective robotic tool working to safeguard people, assets and infrastructure,” states Doug Albregts, President, CEO, and Chairman of Sharp Electronics Corporation. Similar to the recently unveiled CNH Industrial autonomous concept tractor, this security robot is built on ASI’s hardware and software platform. Mobius, ASI’s command and control software enables a single operator to oversee the coordination and cooperation of multiple A-UGVs. Onboard the vehicle, the ASI electronics and software facilitate the fusion of multiple sensors like cameras, lasers, and gas and chemical sensors to help the vehicle autonomously perform its missions. ASI relies on Rajant radios to carry vital communications information from the autonomous vehicle back to its servers. This real-time data is relayed to a command center operator who can then monitor the video and analytics. ASI’s agile technology platform will also allow the adoption of any new and relevant technology into the system. Mel Torrie, CEO of ASI said, “It is great to see solutions built on ASI’s technology platform being rolled out by world leading companies in industries like mining, agriculture, automotive, construction, military and now security. Sharp has been brilliant in their rollout planning to ensure scaling to high quantities very quickly and we are thrilled to be their partner.” Intellos A-UGV provides around the clock surveillance. It can detect, inspect, deter, and report; thus doing the boring and hazardous jobs while freeing up security personnel to handle the exceptions from a safe distance. It can be deployed as a standalone solution or intelligently coupled to an existing security team for greater efficiency and safety. For more information about security robots and ASI, visit http://www.asirobots.com/security ### About Autonomous Solutions, Inc. Autonomous Solutions, Inc. (ASI) designs and manufactures unmanned vehicle systems, software, and components that are technology agnostic. ASI’s robotic building blocks platform can be leveraged in a variety of industries including agriculture, automotive, mining, military, security, and industrial applications. ASI’s vehicle automation kits are OEM independent and have been used for many different applications. Clients have experienced enhanced safety, increased efficiency, and improved accuracy. For over 16 years, ASI has been a leader in vehicle automation and has worked with world leaders such as Sharp, CNH Industrial, Ford, FCA America, Rio Tinto, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, Dematic and more. ASI has a strong software team which makes up over half of its engineering work force. ASI’s Mobius software allows for command and control of a fleet of vehicles in addition to ease of use, industry specific task planning, and vehicle diagnostics. ASI has extensive experience automating vehicles of all shapes and sizes with an emphasis on systems integration, obstacle detection and avoidance, tele-operation, and fully autonomous controls. About Sharp Electronics Corporation Sharp Electronics Corporation is the U.S. subsidiary of Japan’s Sharp Corporation. Sharp is a worldwide developer of one-of-a-kind home entertainment products, appliances, networked multifunctional office solutions, LED lighting, and mobile communications and information tools. Media Contact: Matt Nielsen Marketing Director Autonomous Solutions, Inc. 435.227.7420 matt.nielsen@asirobots.com For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/09/prweb13675725.htm Latest News PCI Names Midwest an Approved Vendor for Road & Yard Dust Control PCI Names Midwest an Approved Vendor for Road & Yard Dust Control Gym Source Announces an Agreement to Acquire Seattle Home Fitness, Chicago Fitness Partners, PNW Commercial Fitness Sales and Utah Home Fitness A Fragile Tomorrow Wins ‘Best Cover Song’ at the Independent Music Awards A Fragile Tomorrow Wins ‘Best Cover Song’ at the Independent Music Awards Global Law Firm Reed Smith Sponsors WIN Summit 2017 Infinite Energy Recognized in OUTSIDE’s Best Places to Work 2016 Best-Selling Author Reveals Top 10 ‘Secret’ Success Habits to Build Wealth, Thrive in Today’s Uncertain Times SAS® Data Management Update Extends Self-Service, Expands Access to Cloud and Big Data GameTime Launches Weekend Brunch in Miami © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBSNews.com - Breaking News Video US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Photos More Blogs Battleground The WH Web Shows 60 Overtime Face to Face Resources Mobile Radio Local In Depth CBS News Store Trending Videos CBSN Live » CBSN Blue Origin's massive new rocket CBS This Morning Trump picks attorney general CBS This Morning U.S. soldiers' deaths in Jordan CBS This Morning Allies' concerns over Trump CBS This Morning Arizona cop punches woman CBS This Morning Trump Tower security CBS This Morning Trump son-in-law's role CBS This Morning Calif. prepares for next quake CBS This Morning Trump picks Sessions for AG post SciTech Google issues "digital death sentence" to resellers SciTech Recyclable paper bike helmet wins prestigious award SciTech Soyuz blasts off with three bound for space station SciTech Chinese astronauts back on Earth after record mission SciTech Fake news creator claims he put Trump in White House SciTech Could this hack change the future of food production? SciTech Tinder dating app offers more gender options SciTech Firefox iPhone browser hides you from advertisers' eyes SciTech Soyuz Launch-to-Docking Timeline SciTech Got milk? People living 9,000 years ago did SciTech Astronomers find cosmic "barcode" from distant galaxy SciTech Hawking: Humans won't survive another 1,000 years on Earth By William Harwood CBS News September 12, 2016, 12:33 PM Jeff Bezos unveils details of new Blue Origin rocket Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Jeff Bezos, whose company Blue Origin is quietly developing a wide range of commercial launch vehicles, unveiled details of a new heavy-lift rocket Monday, a towering booster named after astronaut John Glenn that the Amazon founder says will be able to deliver crews and cargoes to low-Earth orbit and beyond. A two-stage version of the New Glenn booster will stand 270 feet tall, have a diameter of 23 feet and will generate 3.85 million pounds of thrust at liftoff using seven company-developed BE-4 engines burning liquefied natural gas and liquid oxygen. The second stage will be powered by a single BE-4 optimized for use in vacuum. A three-stage variant will stand 313 feet tall, using a single BE-4 for the second stage and a single hydrogen-powered BE-3 engine in its third stage. The BE-3 already is in use with Blue Origin’s sub-orbital New Shepard rocket, designed to carry tourists, researchers and small payloads to the edge of space and back from a launch site in Texas. The BE-4 at the heart of the New Glenn rocket is the leading candidate for powering the first stage of United Launch Alliance’s new Vulcan booster, which ULA is developing to replace the company’s workhorse Atlas and Delta rockets. Tory Bruno, ULA’s CEO, told CBS News last week that initial test firings of the BE-4 are expected before or just after the end of the year. Blue Origin’s New Glenn rocket, shown here in comparison with other major launch vehicles, is expected to begin test flights from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station before the end of the decade. Blue Origin Like the New Shepard rocket, the New Glenn will feature a reusable first stage that will fly itself to touchdown on an off-shore barge or on a landing pad near the launch site. SpaceX already has successfully demonstrated both milestones using its Falcon 9 orbital rockets. Play Video CBS This Morning Companies battle to be first in space tourism Jeff Bezos' "Blue Origin" successfully launched a test rocket, proving it is one step closer to space tourism. The "New Shepard" blasted off in T... Unlike SpaceX, which builds its rockets at a factory in Hawthorne, Calif., Blue Origin’s new boosters will be built at a sprawling new plant now under construction just outside the Kennedy Space Center. Blue Origin is leasing a retired launch pad at the nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station to test its engines and launch its rockets. “We plan to fly New Glenn for the first time before the end of this decade from historic Launch Complex 36 at Cape Canaveral, Florida,” Bezos said in a morning email sent to Blue Origin subscribers. “New Glenn is designed to launch commercial satellites and to fly humans into space. The 3-stage variant - with its high specific impulse hydrogen upper stage - is capable of flying demanding beyond-LEO (low-Earth orbit) missions.” He went on to say New Glenn is a “very important step” on the road to enabling “millions of people living and working in space.” “It won’t be the last of course,” he added. “Up next on our drawing board: New Armstrong. But that’s a story for the future.” The reference to astronaut Neil Armstrong, the first man to walk on the moon, raises the prospect of a super rocket capable of launching missions to the moon, Mars or elsewhere in the solar system. Bezos briefly mentioned what was then called the “Orbital Launch Vehicle” during a September 2015 event at the Air Force station to announce plans to lease complex 36 and to build the nearby factory. At that time he described the $200 million rocket plant now under construction as “a 21st-century production facility where we’ll focus on manufacturing our reusable fleet of orbital launchers and readying them for flight again and again.” Amazon and Blue Origin founder Jeff Bezos, left, and Florida Gov. Rick Scott during a September 2015 event at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station to unveil plans for a new rocket factory. Blue Origin He said the factory needed to be near the launch site to ease “the challenge of processing and transporting really big rockets.” The plant is expected to bring about 330 jobs to Florida’s Space Coast. “We’ll be launching from here later this decade,” Bezos said at the time, but “you will hear us before you see us. Our American-made BE-4 engine, the power behind our orbital launch vehicle, will be acceptance tested here.” Blue Origin’s New Glenn will face stiff competition from SpaceX’s low-cost Falcon 9 boosters, which have taken commercial space operations to new highs -- and lows -- in recent years. Play Video CBS This Morning SpaceX rocket explosion is major setback for pioneer SpaceX says an "anomaly" caused a dramatic rocket explosion on a launch pad. The Falcon 9 rocket blew up Thursday in Cape Canaveral, Florida. A n... SpaceX has experienced one in-flight failure in 28 launchings to date and currently is struggling to overcome a catastrophic launch pad explosion Sept. 1 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. But SpaceX is a major player in the commercial space industry, a leading innovator and a key partner in NASA’s International Space Station program. The company was the first to recover first-stage boosters from orbital missions and it currently is developing a piloted version of its Dragon spacecraft to ferry astronauts to and from the space station. SpaceX is in the process of modifying launch complex 39A at the Kennedy Space Center, a retired shuttle pad, for use by Falcon 9 rockets carrying cargo or, eventually, space station crews. The pad also will be used by the company’s Falcon 9 Heavy rocket, made up of three core stages strapped together to generate 5.1 million pounds of liftoff thrust. The Falcon 9 Heavy had been expected to fly for the first time within the next four to six months, but the eventual launch date will depend on how long it takes SpaceX to recover from the recent pad mishap. As with the New Glenn, United Launch Alliance hopes to begin flying its new Vulcan rocket around the end of the decade. ULA, a partnership between Boeing and Lockheed Martin, was formed to provide Atlas and Delta rockets for high-priority national security payloads and NASA science missions. Under pressure from SpaceX, which has criticized ULA’s higher prices, use of Russian-built engines and its virtual monopoly on national security launches, United Launch Alliance expects to dramatically lower costs with its new Vulcan rockets, which feature reusable U.S.-built engines and, eventually, an advanced upper stage that can be re-fueled in orbit for additional missions. Against that backdrop, NASA is developing its own Space Launch System mega rocket to launch crew capsules and habitat modules on deep space missions to the vicinity of the moon and, eventually, to Mars. The initial version of the SLS, scheduled for its first unpiloted test flight in 2018, will stand 322 feet tall and generate 8.8 million pounds of thrust from four modified space shuttle main engines and two extended solid-fuel boosters. The SLS aside, Blue Origin’s New Glenn will be flying in the midst of an already intense commercial space competition, one driven by the goal of sharply lowering the cost of safely putting payloads -- and people -- into space. “Do we want to go to Mars? Absolutely,” Bezos said at the 2015 Cape Canaveral event. “But we want to go everywhere. And if you want to go everywhere, then you need to dramatically lower the cost of space. And that’s what we’re really focused on. The physics of this are unbelievably hard. Our number one opponent is gravity. We have to work very, very hard to get into low-Earth orbit safely and at low cost.” © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email William Harwood Bill Harwood has been covering the U.S. space program full-time since 1984, first as Cape Canaveral bureau chief for United Press International and now as a consultant for CBS News. He has covered more than 125 shuttle missions, every interplanetary flight since Voyager 2's flyby of Neptune, and scores of commercial and military launches. Based at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, Harwood is a devoted amateur astronomer and co-author of "Comm Check: The Final Flight of Shuttle Columbia." You can follow his frequent status updates at the CBS News Space page. Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular From 60 Minutes President-elect Trump's business plans Stahl: Trump is "more subdued, more serious" Donald Trump's message to protesters Donald Trump's first interview on 60 Minutes Magnus Carlsen defends his title as chess champion Play Video Trump picks attorney general Play Video U.S. soldiers' deaths in Jordan Play Video Allies' concerns over Trump Play Video Arizona cop punches woman Play Video Trump Tower security Previous Next 16 Photos Anti-Trump protests enter second week 33 Photos "Fantastic Beasts" star Eddie Redmayne 24 Photos President Obama's final tour of Europe 150 Photos Notable deaths in 2016 34 Photos Supermoon rising Previous Next Most Discussed President-elect Trump on immigrants he’ll deport Trump transition: "stalled...scrambling...on pause" Mike Pence revamps Trump's transition team, purging lobbyists Trump team seeks top secret security clearances for Trump children Who is President-elect Trump's new right hand man? New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Jeff Bezos unveils new rocket to compete with SpaceX By Irene Klotz ReutersSeptember 12, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share CEO of Amazon.com Jeff Bezos arrives for the world premiere of "Star Trek Beyond" at Comic Con in San Diego, California U.S., July 20, 2016. REUTERS/Mike BlakeMore By Irene Klotz CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (Reuters) - Jeff Bezos on Monday unveiled a heavy-lift reusable rocket expected to compete against Elon Musk’s SpaceX and other companies for commercial satellite launches before the end of the decade. Bezos’ Kent, Washington-based Blue Origin space company is designing two versions of the rocket, named New Glenn, a nod to John Glenn, the first American to orbit Earth and the last surviving member of NASA’s original Mercury Seven astronauts. “New Glenn is designed to launch commercial satellites and to fly humans into space,” Bezos, also the founder and chief executive of Amazon.com Inc , said in a statement emailed to Reuters on Monday. Both versions of New Glenn will use a first stage powered by seven methane-burning BE-4 engines. The company is building a launch site and test facility at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida, and a rocket manufacturing plant at NASA’s adjacent Kennedy Space Center. Blue Origin also intends to sell the BE-4 to United Launch Alliance for its new Vulcan rocket. ULA is a partnership of Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co . Blue Origin intends to fly New Glenn’s first stage back to a landing pad so it can be refurbished and reflown, an approach that fellow tech billionaire entrepreneur Musk is taking with his Falcon rockets. SpaceX so far has successfully landed rockets six times, twice on the ground and four times on a platform floating in the ocean. SpaceX had expected to try a seventh landing on Sept. 3, but its rocket was destroyed during a routine prelaunch test two days before liftoff from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The cause of the accident, which destroyed a $200 million Space Communication Ltd satellite, is under investigation. Blue Origin has been testing a smaller, reusable rocket and spaceship called New Shepard, which is intended to fly paying passengers to an altitude of about 62 miles (100 km) so they can experience a few minutes of microgravity and see the limb of Earth set against the blackness of space. Blue Origin has not yet started selling tickets for rides. If test flights continue as expected, Blue Origin pilots could begin flying next year, with paying passengers to follow in 2018, Bezos told Reuters during an interview earlier this year. (Reporting by Irene Klotz; Editing by Phil Berlowitz) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Best Buy’s pre-Black Friday 2016 sale is live right now – here are the 20 best deals BGR News Walmart’s pre-Black Friday sale starts right now – here are the best deals so far BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Microsoft cuts top Xbox One games by 40% in Black Friday deals The Verge New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech A smart home for Fido: Dog Parker offers safe place to keep canines in the big city Digital Trends This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Jeff Bezos unveils new rocket to compete with SpaceX By Reuters Published: 12:09 EST, 12 September 2016 | Updated: 12:09 EST, 12 September 2016 e-mail By Irene Klotz CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla., Sept 12 (Reuters) - Jeff Bezos on Monday unveiled a heavy-lift reusable rocket expected to compete against Elon Musk's SpaceX and other companies for commercial satellite launches before the end of the decade. Bezos' Kent, Washington-based Blue Origin space company is designing two versions of the rocket, named New Glenn, a nod to John Glenn, the first American to orbit Earth and the last surviving member of NASA's original Mercury Seven astronauts. "New Glenn is designed to launch commercial satellites and to fly humans into space," Bezos, also the founder and chief executive of Amazon.com Inc, said in a statement emailed to Reuters on Monday. Both versions of New Glenn will use a first stage powered by seven methane-burning BE-4 engines. The company is building a launch site and test facility at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida, and a rocket manufacturing plant at NASA's adjacent Kennedy Space Center. Blue Origin also intends to sell the BE-4 to United Launch Alliance for its new Vulcan rocket. ULA is a partnership of Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co. Blue Origin intends to fly New Glenn's first stage back to a landing pad so it can be refurbished and reflown, an approach that fellow tech billionaire entrepreneur Musk is taking with his Falcon rockets. SpaceX so far has successfully landed rockets six times, twice on the ground and four times on a platform floating in the ocean. SpaceX had expected to try a seventh landing on Sept. 3, but its rocket was destroyed during a routine prelaunch test two days before liftoff from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The cause of the accident, which destroyed a $200 million Space Communication Ltd satellite, is under investigation. Blue Origin has been testing a smaller, reusable rocket and spaceship called New Shepard, which is intended to fly paying passengers to an altitude of about 62 miles (100 km) so they can experience a few minutes of microgravity and see the limb of Earth set against the blackness of space. Blue Origin has not yet started selling tickets for rides. If test flights continue as expected, Blue Origin pilots could begin flying next year, with paying passengers to follow in 2018, Bezos told Reuters during an interview earlier this year. (Reporting by Irene Klotz; Editing by Phil Berlowitz) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child 'You have to respect the voters': Ed Balls insists he won't quit Strictly as he joins Katya Jones and his glamorous co-stars in Blackpool Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Keeping it casual A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a new painting at the Royal Military Academy Gwen Stefani goes for autumnal chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Bonding time But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike In lioness mode Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' That Friday feeling! A radiant Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED ABOUT A MINUTE AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Space / SpaceX Accident Difficult, Complex Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. SpaceX Accident 'Most Difficult and Complex' in Its History By Marcia Dunn PUBLISHED: SEPTEMBER 12 2016 SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk is calling last week's launch pad accident the "most difficult and complex failure" in the company's 14-year history. After a week of public silence, Musk [pictured above] said via Twitter that the company is still investigating the accident, its second in just 15 months. A massive fireball erupted during a prelaunch test Sept. 1 at the company's main launch pad at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The Falcon rocket and a satellite were destroyed, and the pad was damaged. Ground crews were fueling the Falcon for a brief test-firing of its engines, two days before its scheduled liftoff. The blast rocked the launch pad -- which had been cleared of workers for the test-firing -- and shook buildings several miles away at NASA's neighboring Kennedy Space Center. The sound of explosions continued for several minutes, and black smoke billowed into the morning sky. Particularly puzzling, according to Musk, is "the quieter bang" heard a few seconds before what he is calling a fireball, not an explosion. He said the bang may have come from the rocket or something else. "Important to note that this happened during a routine filling operation," he said in a tweet. "Engines were not on and there was no apparent heat source." In the immediate aftermath, Musk said the trouble appeared to originate around the upper stage's oxygen tank. He made no mention of that in his tweets posted early Friday EDT. When pressed for further information Friday, the California-based SpaceX said there was nothing new to share for now. "We are continuing to thoroughly investigate last week's loss of Falcon 9, with support from the FAA, NASA, the U.S. Air Force and industry experts," SpaceX spokesman Dex Torricke-Barton said in an email Friday. "Our priority is to safely and reliably return to flight." The core investigation team consists of about 20 people, more than half of them representing federal agencies and industry. SpaceX's vice president for flight reliability, Hans Koenigsmann, is heading it up. SpaceX is urging anyone with audio, photos or video of the accident to send the material to report@spacex.com for use in the investigation. "Still working on the Falcon fireball investigation," Musk said on Twitter. "Turning out to be the most difficult and complex failure we have ever had in 14 years." A co-founder of PayPal, the 45-year-old Musk also runs Tesla Motors, the electric car maker, and is chairman of SolarCity, a solar energy company. His private space company had been on a roll, with eight launches already accomplished in 2016, two of them space station supply runs for NASA. The company had also, last December, pulled off the world's first landing of a booster rocket used in an orbital mission, and had been repeating the success. It was planning to use a recycled rocket for an upcoming satellite launch. SpaceX was attempting to catch up on launches following an accident in June 2015 that grounded the Falcon 9 rocket for six months. That accident, two minutes into a delivery mission for the International Space Station, was blamed on a support strut that broke loose inside the upper stage. The issue was said to have been fixed. Now, with more than 70 launches in the wings worth $10 billion, SpaceX said it can rely on its two other launch pads if necessary, one at Kennedy and one in California, once the Falcon rocket is ready to fly again. Both pads are undergoing construction and should be ready soon. Facebook had planned to use the lost satellite -- an Israeli-made communications satellite -- to expand internet service in Africa. For now, NASA isn't saying much publicly, about the SpaceX mishap. NASA is counting on SpaceX and Boeing to start ferrying astronauts to the space station; even before SpaceX's Sept. 1 accident, next year's targeted launch date had been in jeopardy. "Clearly this incident is a setback for SpaceX," said Dale Skran, the National Space Society's executive vice president. At the same time, he noted in a statement earlier this week that NASA was wise to hire multiple companies for cargo and crew transport, not only from a competitive standpoint but for backup. At the time of the blast, NASA's Osiris-Rex spacecraft was just a mile away on the day of the SpaceX explosion, awaiting its own launch to chase down an asteroid. Both NASA and rocket maker United Launch Alliance conducted extra checks to make certain nothing was damaged by the blast before Thursday's successful launch. NASA launch director Tim Dunn was sympathetic and earlier in the week praised SpaceX's resilience. "It's nothing that any of us ever want to see," he said. "However, it is part of our business that has very harsh consequences." © 2016 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge. All rights reserved. Read more on: NASA, Space Station, SpaceX, Elon Musk, Falcon 9, Space Travel, Astronauts, ISS, PayPal, SolarCity Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: Me: Posted: 2016-09-14 @ 1:22pm PT Don't worry about that small flying object near the rocket moments before the fire... Nothing to see here. Move along! Anonymous: Posted: 2016-09-12 @ 9:45am PT Did you all slow down the launch when you were watching? Something flew by right before the explosion. Hmm. TOP STORIES NOW 1. Musk: Satellite-Powered Internet 2. Pluto Has a Cold Wandering Heart 3. Smart Speakers: Convenient, Creepy 4. Lyft Lifts Off with New Look, Beacons 5. Samsung Buying Harman for $8B MAY INTEREST YOU ISACA® is dedicated to keeping you informed and helping advance your career. We provide access to key information resources, globally recognized certifications, expert peer network, timely industry research, and premier conferences and events. Sample a six month membership for half the cost today! MORE IN SPACE 1. Pluto Has a Cold Wandering Heart 2. Musk: Satellite-Powered Internet 3. Mars Mission Simulation Planned 4. SpaceX Closer to Explosion Source 5. Pic Shows Crater Left by Schiaparelli Next Article > SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2016 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 54° F Clear Hi: 65° F Lo: 41° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Pet of the Week: Jasper Updated: 13 mins ago This week’s pet of the week is an adorable 5-month-old kitten named Jasper. Waterford Police investigate dirt bike theft Updated: 17 mins ago Waterford Police are on the lookout for a burglary suspect, or suspects, who broke into a locked garage and stole a dirt bike. West Haven High School students get unique acceptance into college Updated: 18 mins ago Westport First Responders perform training drill for rollover crashes Updated: 40 mins ago Hamden police make arrest in Oxycontin sales ring 9:34 am Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 54° F Clear Feels Like: 54° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 53% Dewpoint: 37° F Sunrise: 6:44 AM Sunset: 4:29 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 54° F Clear Hi: 65° F Lo: 41° F Samsung Galaxy Note7 Users Urged to Turn Off Phones By ABC News Published: September 12, 2016, 11:26 am Updated: September 12, 2016, 1:02 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) FILE - In this July 28, 2016, file photo, a screen magnification feature of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is demonstrated, in New York. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) Related Coverage Warning issued for Galaxy Note 7 owners FAA warns airline passengers not to use Samsung smartphone Samsung is recalling the Galaxy Note 7 worldwide over battery problem (ABC News)– The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission is urging consumers who have Samsung Galaxy Note7 smartphones to “power them down and stop charging or using” them. The warning, issued in a news release today, came amid recent news that lithium-ion batteries in certain Note7 devices had resulted in fires. “When these batteries overheat and burst, the results can be dangerous,” the CPSC said in its statement. “These incidents have occurred while charging and during normal use, which has led us to call for consumers to power down their Note7s.” The agency said it is working with Samsung to formally announce a recall of the devices. “CPSC is working quickly to determine whether a replacement Galaxy Note7 is an acceptable remedy for Samsung or their phone carriers to provide to consumers,” the agency said. In a statement today, Samsung asked owners of the smartphones to exchange them for a loaner phone as it hammers out the terms of the recall. “New Note7 replacement devices will be issued to exchange program participants upon completion of the CPSC process. In the interim, consumers can return their Note7 for another device,” said Tim Baxter, the president of Samsung Electronics America. “Our collaboration with the CPSC, carrier partners and via our own communication channels is aimed at ensuring all Note7 users are aware of the issue and understand their options.” On Thursday the Federal Aviation Administration warned fliers not to put the Note7 smartphone in their checked bags or turn them on or charge them during flights. The same day, Samsung and fire officials said they would be launching investigations after a Florida family said a Galaxy Note7 exploded in their Jeep on Labor Day, setting the vehicle on fire and destroying it. The family said that the phone had been left charging in the empty vehicle as the engine ran. On Sept. 2, before the Florida incident, Samsung said it was suspending sales of and recalling the Galaxy Note7. The move came after several reports that the phones exploded while charging. The tech giant said in a statement last week that there were 35 reported cases of phones with “a battery cell issue” and that it would replace devices that had been purchased. It also said sales of the smartphone would be suspended in 10 countries, including the U.S. In February the FAA issued a safety alert about lithium-ion batteries, saying airlines that carried the batteries as cargo carried the “risk of a catastrophic hull loss” after they led to fatal fires on Boeing 747s in 2010 and 2011. In 2013 several fires in the batteries of Boeing 787s led the FAA to ground the entire Dreamliner fleet. American Airlines announced Friday that it will start broadcasting warnings about the Samsung Galaxy Note7 at the gate, and on board flights. The gate announcement will be, “Due to a recall of the Samsung Galaxy Note7, the Federal Aviation Administration advises these devices should be powered off, and not connected to any power source while on board the aircraft. If your bag is checked at the gate, please remove your Galaxy Note7, and place it in your carry-on.” Samsung has sold more than 1 million Note7s since the smartphone debuted in August and has manufactured an additional 1.5 million units. The unsold devices will be replaced with new, modified versions so that they will not be affected by the battery problem, Samsung said. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts What to do about your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Samsung Note 7 recall in US expands to replacement phones US bans Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phones from airliners Samsung’s quick fix for Galaxy Note 7 is no full recharge Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: You'll Never Guess Who the World's Biggest Arms Importer Is (Hint: It's Not China) Knowing the answer will give you a clue about which defense companies to invest in. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Sep 12, 2016 at 11:13AM When countries order warships, they come in boxes even bigger than Amazon's. Image source: Getty Images. In the global game of importing weapons, America and Russia -- once the world's two superpowers -- take a back seat. Instead, the world's top importers are China, India, and Saudi Arabia. That's according to a recent report out of SIPRI, the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, which found that from 2010 to 2014, these three countries accounted for 25% of all arms imports around the globe. Let me repeat that: There are 195 countries in the world today; just three of them accounted for $1 out of every $4 spent on weapons imports. And what's even more amazing: The world's top arms importer spent three times as much money on weapons imports as either No. 2 or No. 3. Don't keep us in suspense! Who is it? India: That's the world's No. 1 arms importer, according to SIPRI's data, for the period 2010-2014. And this arms importer accounted -- all by its lonesome -- for 15% of all weapons imports worldwide during those five years, versus 5% for each of China and Saudi Arabia. Now, the data fluctuates a bit from year to year. In 2015, for example, SIPRI's data show that Saudi Arabia briefly edged out India in weapons purchases, spending $3.2 billion on imports to India's $3.1 billion in that single year. Similarly, in 2013, the United Arab Emirates briefly pushed Saudi Arabia out of the top three importers when the UAE's spending surged to $2.2 billion (the Saudis spent $1.7 billion that year). But the long-term trend shows that India has been, is now, and probably will continue to be the world's biggest arms importer. So far this century, India has spent a combined $41.2 billion on weapons imports, averaging $2.7 billion a year. For comparison, China has averaged $2.2 billion in annual weapons imports since 2000, and Saudi Arabia less than $1 billion (although its spending has picked up dramatically in the past five years). What does it mean to investors? As the world's biggest arms importer, India is a hugely important market for U.S. defense contractors. In recent years, aerospace and defense giants Boeing (NYSE:BA) and Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) have both booked billions of dollars in sales to the country -- for C-130 and C-17 military transport planes, for example. And it's not just India. In fact, the entire Southeast Asian arms market offers a huge (and rare) opportunity for sales growth to U.S. defense contractors. As Bloomberg Businessweek recently put it, "last year contractors' sales to foreign customers jumped 10 percent, while U.S. revenue declined 2.4 percent." As a result, overall, the five biggest defense contractors in the U.S. now get 24% of their revenues from buyers outside the U.S. -- from India, to be sure, but also from Japan, the Philippines, Taiwan, Australia, and other nations in the region, looking to beef up their militaries to deal with an aggressive China. So what does all of this mean to investors? If you're considering an investment in a defense contractor, it's more important than ever today to know which companies are doing the best job of selling into the Southeast Asian market. Learn more about that here. Fool contributor Rich Smith does not own shares of, nor is he short, any company named above. You can find him on CAPS, publicly pontificating under the handle TMFDitty, where he's currently ranked No. 293 out of more than 75,000 rated members. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Follow @richsmithfool Article Info Sep 12, 2016 at 11:13AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $146.04 up $0.71 (0.49%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $262.94 down $0.34 (-0.13%) Read More How United Airlines Plans to Boost Earnings by $4.8 Billion DryShips Stock Stalled, While Other Shipping Stocks Shift Into Reverse Shareholders Approve Tesla Motors, Inc. Acquisition of SolarCity Why Tutor Perini Got Schooled Today Tesla Software Update Will Enable a 2.4-Second Zero-to-60 Time Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Commercial Aviation Space Defense Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > AWIN_Commercial > Thai Targets October For A350 Melbourne Debut You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Thai Targets October For A350 Melbourne Debut Sep 12, 2016 Adrian Schofield | Aviation Daily EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Airbus AUCKLAND—Thai Airways is now hoping to start international flights with its first Airbus A350 in October, after regulatory delays prevented its expected debut this month. The carrier intends for the A350 to operate on its Bangkok–Melbourne, Australia flight, taking over from one of the Boeing 777s currently used on the twice-daily service. However, it has not yet gained the necessary approvals from Australian aviation officials to use the new aircraft. Thai Airways initially ... THIS CONTENT REQUIRES SUBSCRIPTION ACCESS You must be a paid subscriber to access "Thai Targets October For A350 Melbourne Debut".   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.   Not currently a subscriber? Click on the "Learn More" button below to view subscription offers. Learn More Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Airbus Targets 98.5% A350 Dispatch Reliability Two Years Into Service 35   Airbus Targets 98.5% A350 Dispatch Reliability Two Years Into Service 35   Airbus Sticks To A350 Target   Airbus Sticks To A350 Target   Turnaround Encourages Expansion For Thai Carriers   Advertisement Premium Commercial Content AAPA: Asian Airline Health Remains Robust  Few New Details Mark Metrojet A321 Crash Anniversary  Republic Airways Holdings Plans Bankruptcy Emergence  PAL Eyes U.S. Routes For A350s  TUI Board Nears Airline Divestment Decision  Rely on Aviation Daily’s experienced editorial team for compelling daily insight Subscribe Log In Advertisement Advertise with Us   2017 Media Materials Your source for 2016 media kits, editorial planners rates and specs for AW&ST, ATW, B&CA and more! Advertise Sign up to Aviation Week Newsletter Daily analysis on technology advances impacting the global aviation, aerospace & defense industries. Subscribe Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesCelebrate Startups At TechCrunch's Awards Show This February Grab Your Tickets Today Education Sesame Street’s VC fund makes its first investment in tutoring app Yup Handshake nabs another $20M to make the job hunt more fair Apple to offer free ‘Hour of Code’ workshops for full week Browse more... University Ventures A Step Forward? Bertelsmann & Others Back $100 Million Venture Fund For Innovative Education Browse more... SJF Ventures Portfolium Portfolium raises $6.6 million to get college students into jobs where they’ll kick butt Posted Sep 12, 2016 by Lora Kolodny (@lorakolodny) 0 SHARES Next Story CollegeBacker publicly launches its college savings account advisory service A San Diego startup called Portfolium has raised $6.6 million to help college students get jobs where they are likely to succeed. Portfolium CEO Adam Markowitz said he was inspired to build what he calls the “largest student talent showcase,” after his own job-hunting success. A former rocket scientist, he was able to land a dream job working on NASA’s space shuttle program after coming to a job interview armed with a solid portfolio. “This is the most-educated but most under-employed generation in a long time. And that’s a problem,” Markowitz said. Unemployment and underemployment rates are hovering around 5.6% and 12.6% for the class of 2016, according to estimates reported by the Economic Policy Institute. And unemployment rates are substantially higher among young black and Hispanic graduates as compared to white non-Hispanic peers. Unlike LinkedIn, About.me or traditional resumes created for print formats, Portfolium asks students to upload samples of their work to prove they have the skills and experience they say they have. The work samples could range from a writing assignment, to a video, app, or 3-D model an engineer or industrial designer may have created. To guard against plagiarism, Portfolium parses work samples, and has integrated with university systems, allowing faculty to both assign and assess work samples through the site. Partner schools encompass huge state school systems, and small liberal arts colleges alike ranging from California’s UC and Cal State systems to Williams College. Founded in 2014, Markowitz said Portfolium has partnered with about 200 universities and colleges to-date, and has 3.75 million students under contract.   Portfolium CEO Adam Markowitz.   Perhaps more importantly for job-seeking students, Portfolium has also partnered with 60,000 employers among them: Oracle, ViaSat, Nike, Intel, Hulu, SpaceX, Northrop Grumman, Boeing, Disney, and Cisco. “Work samples are the number one indicator of future job performance,” Markowitz said, “And they don’t look uniform and dull like a pile of resumes can to a recruiter.” SJF Ventures led the investment in Portfolium joined by University Ventures, and USA Funds, a large guarantor of student loans. University Ventures’ Managing Director Ryan Craig said his firm backed Portfolium, in part, because of its rapid uptake within the university market. “Universities increasingly understand that employability is the primary motivation and concern for new and current students. Higher education can no longer be simply about preparing students for their fifth job; since the recession, we know that if students don’t get a great first job, they’re unlikely to get a great fifth job,” he said. The investor wants to see Portfolium use the funding for hiring and to develop some new features and services. One he expects to see within a couple of years from Portfolium is a service that allows employers to connect with students in their early college years to suggest coursework or to offer virtual internships to those who have key competencies the company seeks in an employee. Featured Image: BrianAJackson/Getty Images 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla Acquisition of SolarCity Approved | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes University Ventures SJF Ventures Portfolium Education Popular Posts Featured Stories Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 19 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 21 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Open source and coopetition are the new normal 22 hours ago | Ron Miller YC tries a new experiment: temporary partners 22 hours ago | Connie Loizos Latest From Startups Sesame Street’s VC fund makes its first investment in tutoring app Yup 14 minutes ago | Lora Kolodny Telemedicine company Syounika Online snags top prize at TechCrunch Tokyo 5 hours ago | Haje Jan Kamps These are the TechCrunch Tokyo 2016 pitch competition winners 7 hours ago | Haje Jan Kamps Handshake nabs another $20M to make the job hunt more fair 17 hours ago | John Mannes Comment moderation powered by Up Next CollegeBacker publicly launches its college savings account advisory service Posted Sep 12, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Google reverses its ‘digital death sentence’ for Pixel phone resellers 1 hour ago by Sarah Perez Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 21 hours ago by Matthew Lynley This weekend, Alexa will tell you what’s on sale 1 hour ago by Brian Heater Niantic’s new invite-only “Portal Recon” tool lets players vote real-world locations into Ingress 23 hours ago by Greg Kumparak Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation Nov 16, 2016 by Frederic Lardinois French IoT startup Sigfox confirms €150M Series E at €600M valuation 5 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 10 hours ago by Jon Russell Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 19 hours ago by Darrell Etherington How mixed reality and machine learning are driving innovation in farming 21 hours ago by Jeff Kavanaugh Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 1 hour ago by Fitz Tepper
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home Lists & Rankings Best Managed Companies Canada’s Best Managed Companies 2016: Airstart Inc. Canada’s Best Managed Companies 2016: Airstart Inc. This aerospace company sets itself apart from the competition with a game-changing approach to innovation and employee engagement Sep 12, 2016 CB Staff   Complete Listings Methodology Learn More Airstart Inc. Aerospace Mississauga, ON Visit website » Keeping planes in the air is the primary goal for AirStart, an aviation company that leases, rents and sells components such as engines and landing gear to Airbus, Boeing and Bombardier aircraft. Operating 24-7, the company helps commercial airlines around the world mitigate flight delays and repair grounded planes. Employees pride themselves on their passion for aviation and their problem-solving skills. They find solutions for airlines so those companies can deliver top-notch service to their own customers—the passengers themselves. Like Us Follow @cdnbiz Subscribe with Texture shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Comments are closed. Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
null
CAD Management Early Design   Conceptual Design   Industrial Design   Reverse Engineering CAD   2D Drafting   AutoCAD   Other 2D   3D Modeling   Product Design   Building Design   Civil Engineering Design Testing & Analysis   Prototyping   Computer-Aided Engineering   Sustainability Design Visualization Collaboration   File Sharing/Publishing   Product Lifecycle Management   Building Information Modeling data Management Hardware   3D Printers   Displays/Monitors   Graphics Cards   Wide-Format Printers/Scanners   Workstations Tips & Tools   CAD Tips   Video Tips   Tips & Tools Weekly   Software Tutorials   Job Search Log in / Register                 Entire siteArticleAuthorEventNews Home > Collaboration > File Sharing/Publishing Related topics: AEC, Collaboration, General Software, Manufacturing AEC CAD Management Manufacturing Cadalyst Magazine Download Current Issue Magazine Archives (2004-2009) Newsletters Subscribe to Newsletters CAD Manager's Newsletter CAD Tech News Video Picks Newsletter Tips & Tools Weekly Archives More Newsletter Archives CAD Software & Hardware Reviews CAD Software Tutorials All CAD Tutorials "Circles & Lines" AutoCAD Tutorial, by Lynn Allen "Learning Curve" AutoCAD Tutorial, by Bill Fane Columns "CAD Manager" Column, by Robert Green "Circles & Lines" AutoCAD Tutorial, by Lynn Allen "Herrera on Hardware" Column, by Alex Herrera "Learning Curve" AutoCAD Tutorial, by Bill Fane "User Profile" Column "Viewpoint" Guest Column CAD Tips & Tools CAD Software Tutorials Cadalyst CAD Tips - Tips and Downloadable AutoCAD Code Cadalyst Benchmark Test Programming Tips & Tools Weekly Newsletter Archives Video Tips Gallery CAD Video Gallery All Cadalyst Videos AutoCAD Video Tips by Lynn Allen Cadalyst Library: Free Downloads CADspeed: Hardware Blog Cadalyst Benchmark Test CAD Cartoons Reader Polls Resource Centers 3D Printing and Laser Scanning CAD Collaboration CAD Management DWG-Compatible CAD Software Graphics Cards/GPUs Input Devices for CAD Mobile CAD Monitors/Displays Professional Development Visualization Wide-Format Printing and Scanning Workstations Subscriber Services Job Search Cadalyst Store Advertising File Sharing/Publishing Tetra4D Update Enriches Creation of 3D PDFs 10 Sep, 2016 By: Cyrena Respini-Irwin For Tech Soft 3D, the addition of export support for STEP AP242 format is another step toward the goal of perfectly packaged 3D data. Tech Soft 3D produces two types of offerings: one intended for developers, and the other for end users. The first category comprises software development services and tools such as the Autodesk RealDWG toolkit, the Siemens Parasolid geometric modeling kernel, and the HOOPS platforms, which power hundreds of applications behind the scenes. “More than 500 companies are licensing our SDKs [software development kits],” noted Tyler Barnes, vice-president of marketing for Tech Soft 3D. The second category carries the Tetra4D brand and includes Tetra4D Converter, which converts native 3D CAD data from more than 20 file formats into interactive 3D PDF documents, and Tetra4D Enrich, which builds on the functionality of Converter with expanded creation capabilities. Enrich enables users to add view carousels and bills of materials to their 3D PDFs, and create their own templates for design change notifications, requests for proposals, parts catalogs, marketing presentations, and other 3D PDF documents. Templates can be created in any application that allows users to save to PDF format, including Microsoft Word and Adobe Photoshop. Notably, this functionality is accessible to users without any programming knowledge. “Until now, this has all been too challenging and too expensive … requiring extensive Javascript programming and many man-hours on a per-document basis,” said Jordan Opsahl, Tetra4D technical marketing specialist. “We’ve really simplified the user interface and the tools for creating these advanced documents.”  A Heavy Communication Burden According to a study conducted by Lifecycle Insights, engineers spend more than 30 hours per week on design communication tasks — creating drawings, answering questions or clarifying drawings, and generating additional drawing documentation. “The problem is, without access to 3D, communication often becomes unclear or challenging for a lot of users,” Opsahl noted. “Unless you have a CAD seat, it’s very difficult to share your design and 3D data, [both] inside and outside the organization.” Rather than spring for another CAD license or get a special viewer, Tetra4D thinks users should turn to 3D PDFs to share their designs. “They include all the information you need for any workflow in one document,” said Opsahl.  That can include: forms; model geometry and metadata; audio, video, and images; and product and manufacturing information (PMI) and geometric dimensioning and tolerancing (GD&T). Data from a product lifecycle management (PLM), product data management (PDM), or enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, such as the prices of particular parts, can be imported and attached to the model. (To see examples of what a 3D PDF can incorporate, you can download samples from the Tetra4D site and open them in Acrobat Reader.) Having all this information available as a design moves from hand to hand can mean better decision-making along the way. “You can often catch issues before they become a problem and require rework,” Opsahl observed. This Tetra4D Enrich document includes a view carousel and part notes.  The greatest advantage of 3D PDFs, however, may be that anyone equipped with the free Adobe Reader program can open and use them — unlike a native CAD file. “One of the best benefits of PDFs as a whole is you can share them with anyone,” said Opsahl. And the learning curve is not a concern, Barnes noted: “They all know how to deal with PDFs already.” A Step Up in Formats In its latest update, Tech Soft 3D has added export support for STEP AP242, a standard for 3D model-based engineering (MBE), to Converter and Enrich. This change means that users of Tetra4D solutions can share product information downstream in the form of a technical data package with an attached STEP file. Many organizations are moving toward using 3D in the manufacturing portion of the product development process, said Barnes — especially those involved in automotive, aerospace, and defense projects. STEP AP242 is a requirement for military standard 31000A, which provides requirements for the deliverable data products associated with technical data packages. In addition, Enrich now enables users to populate text fields such as title blocks with native CAD attributes, and boasts improved performance, which boosts the speed of working with large and complex models, yielding a faster, more efficient creation process, according to Tech Soft 3D. Because the model geometry and all necessary supporting data are packaged in a lightweight format, the files can be easily transmitted via e-mail or stored for internal purposes, such as keeping a record of design changes. As an example, Opsahl pointed to Boeing, which has millions of PDF documents archived for its Dreamliner jet airliner alone. To achieve file sizes small enough to be shared easily via e-mail, Tech Soft 3D relies on the PRC format that is part of the PDF standard — a format the company created. “PRC compression takes a 3D CAD file down to 5–10% of its original size,” Opsahl explained. Sizing Up the Competition Although Tetra4D is not the only option in the marketplace for 3D PDF software, Opsahl asserted that its completeness distinguishes it from competitors. “Not all 3D PDFs that we’re seeing out there are created equal,” he said. Although other 3D PDFs may include model structures, various views that users can cycle through, and properties or attributes native to the original CAD file, this is really only enough functionality for design reviews, said Opsahl, not specific workflows. The Tetra4D version offers greater functionality, he explained, making the experience “more like an application” as opposed to simply “3D on a page.” For example, users can cycle through views and carry out other functions with buttons, create custom buttons, include bills of materials (BOMs) in their 3D PDFs, select an item in a BOM to highlight the appropriate part in the model (and vice versa), and use green and red color-coding to check tolerances. Pricing Free trial versions of Tetra4D Converter and Enrich are available. The full versions are priced at $498 and $1,748 per license, respectively. About the Author: Cyrena Respini-Irwin E-mail Cyrena Respini-Irwin About Cyrena Respini-Irwin See contents by Cyrena Respini-Irwin Note: Comments are moderated and will appear live after approval by the site moderator. AutoCAD Tips! In her easy-to-follow, friendly style, long-time Cadalyst contributing editor and Autodesk Technical Evangelist Lynn Allen guides you through a new feature or time-saving trick in every episode of her popular AutoCAD video tips. Subscribe to the free Cadalyst Video Picks newsletter and we'll notify you every time a new video tip is published. All exclusively from Cadalyst! Follow Lynn on Twitter Poll Are you responsible for any CAD management duties (conducting training, implementing software, establishing standards, etc.)? Yes: I am a full-time CAD manager Yes: CAD management is part of my job description Yes: CAD management is not officially part of my job, but there's no one else to do it No About Cadalyst| Contact| Advertise| Media Kit                                        Terms of Use| Linking and RSS Policy| Privacy Policy             ©2016 Longitude Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part is prohibited. Please send any technical comments or questions to our webmaster.
null

Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Science Science News SpaceX Accident 'Most Difficult and Complex Failure' in Company History, Says Elon Musk  Associated Press, 12 September 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Highlights Musk said that the company is still investigating the accident The Falcon rocket and a satellite were destroyed, and the pad was damaged Particularly puzzling is "the quieter bang" heard a few seconds before SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk is calling last week's launch pad accident the "most difficult and complex failure" in the company's 14-year history. After a week of public silence, Musk said via Twitter that the company is still investigating the accident, its second in just 15 months. A massive fireball erupted during a prelaunch test September 1 at the company's main launch pad at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The Falcon rocket and a satellite were destroyed, and the pad was damaged. Ground crews were fueling the Falcon for a brief test-firing of its engines, two days before its scheduled liftoff. (Also see: When a Commercial Rocket Blows Up, Who Pays?)The blast rocked the launch pad - which had been cleared of workers for the test-firing - and shook buildings several miles away at Nasa's neighboring Kennedy Space Center. The sound of explosions continued for several minutes and black smoke billowed into the morning sky. Particularly puzzling, according to Musk, is "the quieter bang" heard a few seconds before what he is calling a fireball, not an explosion. He said the bang may have come from the rocket or something else. "Important to note that this happened during a routine filling operation," he said in a tweet. "Engines were not on and there was no apparent heat source." In the immediate aftermath, Musk said the trouble appeared to originate around the upper stage's oxygen tank. He made no mention of that in his tweets posted early Friday. When pressed for further information Friday, the California-based SpaceX said there was nothing new to share for now. "We are continuing to thoroughly investigate last week's loss of Falcon 9, with support from the FAA, Nasa, the US Air Force and industry experts," SpaceX spokesman Dex Torricke-Barton said in an email Friday. "Our priority is to safely and reliably return to flight." The core investigation team consists of about 20 people, more than half of them representing federal agencies and industry. SpaceX's vice president for flight reliability, Hans Koenigsmann, is heading it up. SpaceX is urging anyone with audio, photos or video of the accident to send the material to report@spacex.com for use in the investigation. "Still working on the Falcon fireball investigation," Musk said on Twitter. "Turning out to be the most difficult and complex failure we have ever had in 14 years." A co-founder of PayPal, the 45-year-old Musk also runs Tesla Motors, the electric car maker, and is chairman of SolarCity, a solar energy company. His private space company had been on a roll, with eight launches already accomplished in 2016, two of them space station supply runs for Nasa. The company had also, last December, pulled off the world's first landing of a booster rocket used in an orbital mission, and had been repeating the success. It was planning to use a recycled rocket for an upcoming satellite launch. SpaceX was attempting to catch up on launches following an accident in June 2015 that grounded the Falcon 9 rocket for six months. That accident, two minutes into a delivery mission for the International Space Station, was blamed on a support strut that broke loose inside the upper stage. The issue was said to have been fixed. Now, with more than 70 launches in the wings worth $10 billion, SpaceX said it can rely on its two other launch pads if necessary, one at Kennedy and one in California, once the Falcon rocket is ready to fly again. Both pads are undergoing construction and should be ready soon. Facebook had planned to use the lost satellite - an Israeli-made communications satellite - to expand internet service in Africa. For now, Nasa isn't saying much publicly about the SpaceX mishap. Nasa is counting on SpaceX and Boeing to start ferrying astronauts to the space station; even before SpaceX's September 1 accident, next year's targeted launch date had been in jeopardy. "Clearly this incident is a setback for SpaceX," said Dale Skran, the National Space Society's executive vice president. At the same time, he noted in a statement earlier this week that Nasa was wise to hire multiple companies for cargo and crew transport, not only from a competitive standpoint but for backup. At the time of the explosion, Nasa's Osiris-Rex spacecraft was just a mile away, awaiting its own launch to chase down an asteroid. Both Nasa and rocket maker United Launch Alliance conducted extra checks to make certain nothing was damaged by the blast before Thursday's successful liftoff. (Also see: Nasa's Osiris-Rex Asteroid Probe May Find Clues to Origins of Life on Earth) Nasa launch director Tim Dunn was sympathetic and earlier in the week praised SpaceX's resilience. "It's nothing that any of us ever want to see," he said. "However, it is part of our business that has very harsh consequences." Tags: SpaceX, Elon Musk, Science, Falcon 9, Facebook, Satellite Gears of War 4 Pre-Order Gets You Every Gears of War Game for Free SpaceX Accident 'Most Difficult and Complex Failure' in Company History, Says Elon Musk     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 Plus Vivo X9 Lyf Wind 7i OnePlus 3T Gionee S9 Vivo V5 Huawei Mate 9 Pro HTC Bolt Hyve Pryme Panasonic P71 Zopo Color F2 Motorola Moto M Lyf F8 Asus ZenFone 3 Max (ZC553KL) General Mobile GM5 Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G Popular iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones From Gadgets 360 Shop » Yu Yureka Plus In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 12,500Rs. 6,389 Panasonic Eluga Turbo In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 13,999Rs. 7,999 Micromax Canvas Juice 4G ... In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 8,100Rs. 5,999 Reach Cogent N+ In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 3,999Rs. 2,750 OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe UPI Could Help With the Cash Crunch - So Why Is No One Using It? Akhil Arora FIFA 17 The Journey: Why, EA Sports, Why? Kunal Dua MacBook Pro 2016 Is the Touchscreen Mac You've Always Wanted Advertisement Recent This Possible Nintendo Switch Launch Game Sounds Absolutely Bizarre Reliance Global Call Unveils International Calling App for Android, iOS Google Play Newsstand Gets Makeover; Launches on Web Don’t Let Kids Watch What They Shouldn’t With The New YouTube Kids Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano With 5.5-Inch Display Images and Specifications Leaked This Credit Card-Sized Phone Starts Shipping From November-End Pokemon Stars Is the Nintendo Switch’s Pokemon Sun and Moon: Report US Says Concerned Over Russia Blocking Access to LinkedIn Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) Price, Image, Specifications Leaked Flipkart Unveils Exchange Offers for Google Pixel, Pixel XL Smartphones More News TRENDING Do Not Click or Share That WhatsApp Video Calling Invite Link - It's Fake Looking for an ATM Near You With Cash? These Apps and Websites Can Help How to Get WhatsApp Video Calling Right Now Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano With 5.5-Inch Display Images and Specifications Leaked With Trump in Power, Apple Said to Be Considering Making iPhones in US What Is Paytm Wallet, and How to Use It? Flipkart Unveils Exchange Offers for Google Pixel, Pixel XL Smartphones Reliance Global Call Unveils International Calling App for Android, iOS Vivo V5 First Impressions Vivo V5 vs Oppo F1s vs Gionee S6s: The Selfie Smartphone Battle Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2016. All rights reserved.
Services Advertising Press Room Image bank Monitoring Subscribe for news Friday, 18 November 2016 USD 26.05 EUR 27.92 RUB 0.40 ENG УКР РУС Search Our Community Close. Information Agency Main Page Politics Economy War Kyiv Society World Pictures Videos Opinions Publications For subscribers Services Press Room Monitoring Image bank Products Advertising Archive Feedback Contact Poroshenko, Obama to meet at UN General Assembly meeting: Klimkin Ukraine’s Foreign Minister Pavlo Klimkin has announced the meeting between Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and U.S. President Barack Obama is to be held on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly meeting, Europeiska Pravda reported referring to Klimkin’s interview with Inter TV channel. Politics 10:15, 12 September 2016 Photo from UNIAN "I believe, a brief meeting will certainly take place," Klimkin said. The foreign minister recalled that Obama had earlier devoted special attention to Ukrainian issue at the G20 summit in China. According to Klimkin, Poroshenko will address the UN General Assembly. Read alsoUkraine issue at G20The minister has also noted that two meetings of the UN Security Council will be held. "And it is very important for us, because one will be devoted to the Middle East and Syria, and the other – to the aviation safety, ahead of which we expect the final report on the Malaysian Boeing. It's very important," Klimkin said. The 71st session of the UN General Assembly will launch at the organization's Headquarters in New York September 13. If you notice a spelling error, please highlight it with your mouse and press Ctrl+Enter Read also Russia wants to dominate in region - Voigt ICC designates Crimea annexation as international armed conflict – report Johnny Depp supports Oleh Sentsov illegally imprisoned in Russia Putin awards medals to active Russian military after their return from Donbas war – media Russian Mig-29 crashes near its aircraft carrier in Mediterranean Ukraine's National Police chief Dekanoidze resigns – media PolITics News 17:01 RFE/RL: Obama, European leaders endorse Transatlantic cooperation amid Trump fears 16:39 Biden to visit Ukraine by year-end – source 12:43 Switzerland extends sanctions against Russian MPs 11:28 U.S., Ukraine vote against Russian measure condemning Nazism at UN 17 November, Thursday 19:35 Kyrgyz MFA, Russian special services behind high profile prank call: Poroshenko spox 18:55 Opinion "Rams" and "goats" 17:10 COREPER paves way for Ukraine visa liberalization 15:56 Russia violates maritime law by exploring annexed part of Azov Sea shelf – border guards 14:17 Lukashenko complains about surge in arms smuggling due to Ukraine 13:06 Chubarov: Minsk can't remain venue for talks on Donbas 12:13 Poroshenko, Biden discuss Minsk implementation, EU-Ukraine summit 11:29 Poroshenko meets with G7, EU ambassadors 09:16 Canadian diplomat quietly visited Russia for talks on Syria, Ukraine – media 16 November, Wednesday 23:50 European leaders, Obama to discuss Russia sanctions in Berlin: Reuters 21:10 Analytics Pro-Kremlin tilt of Ukraine’s neighbors 20:30 Yanukovych to testify via video conference Nov 25 19:10 EU Ambassadors to greenlight talks on Ukraine visa liberalization Nov 17 18:30 Russia to be brought to justice for aggression against Ukraine despite plans to withdraw from Rome Statute – MFA Ukraine 16:19 Cabinet dismisses Dekanoidze as Ukraine's National Police chief 14:58 Putin removes Russia from agreement on International Criminal Court 13:53 Ukraine's parliament calls on EU to introduce visa-free travel 13:12 Poroshenko's office: Ukraine ready to further neighborly relations with Moldova 10:42 RFE/RL: UN panel condemns rights abuses in Crimea, calls for monitoring 09:51 Names of people responsible for MH17 downing to be known by 2018 – media 15 November, Tuesday 22:54 Poroshenko holds phone conversation with Trump 21:10 Burning Ukrainian flag a 'pro-Russian provocation' - Polish ambassador to Ukraine 15:44 Stoltenberg on Trump's talk with Putin: Normal to speak with world leaders 12:53 ICC designates Crimea annexation as international armed conflict – report 11:30 WSJ: Rudy Giuliani seen as top pick for secretary of state 10:44 Riksdag speaker stands for rolling over anti-Russia sanctions 10:19 U.S. sanctions six Duma MPs in relation to Crimea occupation 09:00 Bloomberg: Trump, Putin and grudging reformers tip Ukraine closer to Russia 14 November, Monday 23:10 Mogherini warns against "black and white" representations of EU-Russia relations 22:30 EU Council underlines importance of timely finalization of visa liberalization process for Ukraine 22:12 Updated Trump, Putin hold phone talks 21:30 Kyiv held a public debate on Ukraine-Poland relations perspective 20:50 Poroshenko: We do everything to ensure EU's introduction of visa-free regime for Ukrainians 18:50 Analytics Week’s milestones. Saakashvili acceleration, Russia’s destabilization plan for Ukraine, and complications in Interior Ministry 17:13 Radical Party leader, Opposition Bloc member get into brawl in Rada (Photos) 15:51 FT: Britain and France snub EU's emergency Trump meeting 15:05 Chief of Odesa customs Marushevska resigns 14:18 Kremlin: No contacts with Trump's team before inauguration 13:36 Ukraine's National Police chief Dekanoidze resigns – media 12:22 EU ambassadors to discuss visa waivers for Ukraine on Nov 17: journalist 13 November, Sunday 23:00 Analytics Week in numbers 16:00 Analytics Ukrainian interest. Unexpected Trump, cynical FSB, and chance in Balkans 12 November, Saturday 17:04 Peskov: Russia patient enough to wait until West recognizes annexation of Crimea 10:46 Canada says Russian sanctions must be upheld by all countries 11 November, Friday 23:11 Trump, Hollande agree to "clarify" stance on key issues, including Ukraine – media 16:00 SBU reveals Kremlin's plans to influence Ukrainian regions in Nov-Dec 15:20 Ukraine, Georgia facing another delay in EU visa liberalization – this time until Feb-Mar 2017: Media 14:40 SBU: Russia plots to push Ukraine toward snap parliamentary elections 13:40 Ukraine fears falling victim to Trump-Putin "grand bargain" - FT 09:00 France takes seriously situation with journalist Suchshenko’s arrest in Russia - Envoy 02:37 Ukraine's diplomat on Trump's pro-Russian stance: Russia gets it wrong 10 November, Thursday 19:58 Reuters: EU set to extend Russia sanctions, but may be harder when Trump president 16:30 Savchenko urges Trump to 'strengthen' Russia sanctions 15:40 Detention of "saboteurs" in Crimea may freeze talks on prisoner swap – Feygin 15:00 Poroshenko's office: We hope U.S. to continue supporting Ukraine thanks to Republicans in Congress 13:40 Analytics Trump: A friend or not so much 11:20 Russia ships 'chase away' Dutch submarine in Mediterranean - BBC 09:20 U.S. sanctions on Russia to remain until Crimea returned to Ukraine - State Dep't 02:06 Some from Trump's team stand for arming Ukraine – Gongadze 00:18 Poroshenko signs Odesa governor Saakashvili's resignation 09 November, Wednesday 23:35 Zerkal tells Mingarelli: Further delay in EU visa waiver "unacceptable" All news All news Open © UNIAN.INFO, 2016 All Rights Protected. Under article 26 of the Law of Ukraine "On information agencies" the right of ownership of the news agency’s products is protected by Ukrainian legislation. The information published by UNIAN and the site unian.info are the property of "UNIAN." Any copying, including parts of texts or images, the publication and republication, reprinting or any other dissemination of UNIAN content, in whatever form or by whatever technical means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of UNIAN. While quoting any content of the agency, subscribers are obliged to note that its source is UNIAN. Material from UNIAN Web sites can be quoted without consent only on the condition that no more than one paragraph of text is used, and a direct hyperlink to the original text, accessible to search engines, is included no lower than the second paragraph of the text. The UNIAN logo is a registered trademark (service mark) UNIAN. Materials marked as "PR" and "Advertising" are considered as advertisements, and all responsibility for them lies with the advertiser. Load more Do you like the new site? Leave your opinion Send
null
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article News Local and State News Crime Special Reports Obituaries Databases Brian Hicks Frank Wooten Homicides Map Traffic Cam Church Shooting Walter Scott Blogs Hurricane Guide Weather Business Sports Prep Zone South Carolina Clemson Colleges Minor Leagues Tideline Magazine Golf Auto Racing Gene Sapakoff Volvo Car Open Palmetto Politics Legislature State Government Local Politics State Politics Federal Politics Elections Presidential Candidate Visits Find Your Precinct State Republicans State Democrats Congressional Voting Records Report questionable campaign activities Track political finances Food Liquid Assets Books for Cooks Daily Digest Forked Path Raskin Around Now Open Post and Courier Cookbook Redux Recipes Restaurant Reviews Trendlines Charleston Scene Music Calendar Spoleto Television Games Arts Photo Galleries Beaches Get Out Theater Features Your Health Spoleto Home and Garden Arts and Travel Faith and Values Book Reviews Pets Contests Your Photos David Quick Weddings & Engagements Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Commentary Submit a Letter Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Automotive Real Estate Recreation Pets Jobs (Mobile) Place an Ad Subscribe e-Edition Other Sites Lowcountry Parent North Charleston Online Tideline Magazine Free Times CharlestonSCBrides.com Progress SC Special Sections Advertising Interactive Media Kit Sponsored Content 49° Clear Charleston, SC (29403) Today A mainly sunny sky. High 73F. Winds light and variable.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 51F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 17, 2016 @ 11:56 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Classifieds Marketplace Special Sections Jobs Automotive Real Estate Recreation Pets Jobs (Mobile) Place an Ad Customer Service Become a member Your Rewards Subscribe Manage your subscription Access E-edition Archives Order Magazines Email Newsletters Manage Newsletters Contact Us Mobile Apps Social Media Subscribe e-Edition Obituaries Mechanical bull: German auto parts maker opening Charleston plant Sep 11, 2016 (…) German auto parts supplier Stoba tipped its hand in February that it’s looking for a manufacturing site in the Charleston area. On Tuesday, Stoba — identified by Berkeley County economic development officials as “Project Bull” — will make its arrival official with a ceremony at 2301 Charleston Regional Parkway. The company plans to make components for diesel-fuel injection systems at the Charleston site, which will employ about 60 people. One of Stoba’s top customers is another German company — the Robert Bosch LLC plant a few miles away in North Charleston. Berkeley County spokesman Michael Mule declined to identify the company behind “Project Bull,” but Stoba blew its own cover in February when it placed several help-wanted advertisements on the state’s ReadySC training program website. The company at that time was looking to hire machine operators, machine setters and quality inspectors and packers, with eight to 12 weeks of on-the-job training at its German factory. Stoba executives from Germany are expected to fly in to Charleston a couple hours ahead of Tuesday’s 4 p.m. ceremony. They’ll leave early the next morning. Stoba takes over the former site of AM Conservation Group, which makes water and energy saving products. That company held a grand opening ceremony last week at its new 1701 Charleston Regional Parkway office, just up the road. In addition to Stoba’s headquarters in Backnang, Germany, northeast of Stuttgart, the company has production facilities in Great Britain and China. When Blackbaud Inc. announced its new headquarters this spring, the Charleston technology stalwart promised swank amenities for its employees — game rooms, a cafeteria stocked with local food and plans for what it called “creative outdoor sporting, meeting and event space.” New plans presented to the city this week offer more detail on what that space on Daniel Island looks like. Drawings show seating nooks nestled between edible gardens, all surrounding a raised lawn and flanked by a bocce court and a putting green. A basketball court, recreation field and central pavilion are also envisioned. Those plans are now moving forward. Charleston’s Design Review Board gave the project initial approval Tuesday, Blackbaud spokeswoman Tara Stewart said. And an affiliate of the project’s developer, Atlanta-based Holder Properties, inked a deal Thursday to buy the land that will eventually house the corporate campus. Property records show Holder Properties paid almost $9 million for the 13-acre property on Fairchild Street, off River Landing Drive. The development is set to break ground this fall, and employees are expected to move into the first phase of the project by 2018. The 360,000-square-foot headquarters is valued at $154 million, and the company promised to hire 300 new employees in return for state and local incentives. If you’ve ever wanted to design the livery for a 787-9 Dreamliner made at Boeing Co.’s North Charleston campus or at its Everett, Wash., site, now is your chance. China’s Hainan Airlines is holding a contest for residents of the U.S. and Canada to create the paint design for one of its Dreamliners. The design must use characters from the Dreamworks Animation film “Kung Fu Panda,” which Hainan is marketing on its planes. The winning design will be chosen based on a combination of: creativity and originality; humor; reflection of Chinese culture; the best use of Kung Fu Panda to represent Hainan’s brand; and the wow factor. The winner could have his or her design painted on one of the airline’s Dreamliners making flights between China and the U.S. Hainan is having six of its Dreamliners painted with the Kung Fu Panda theme, the latest tie-in between an airline and Hollywood. Japan’s All Nippon Airways has three commercial planes painted in Star Wars themes, including an R2-D2 Dreamliner built in North Charleston. The Hainan contest winner also will receive two round-trip, business class tickets to China from any North American city served by Hainan Airlines, along with a week of luxury hotel accommodations. A runner-up will receive two round-trip, business class tickets to China. The contest runs through Sept. 31. See hainanairlines.com/go/kfp.html for more information. The Carolina Panthers may have squandered a last-minute field goal to beat the Denver Broncos in their season opener last week, but that didn’t stop quarterback Cam Newton from looking his best afterward. Newton sported a peacock-feather bow tie made by Brackish in Charleston during his post-game interviews. The local firm makes upscale bow ties by hand from scores of feathers from different pheasants. Brackish is the product of local entrepreneurs Jeff Plotner and Ben Ross. A $100,000 investment for an emerging Charleston company is up for grabs. The inaugural Charleston Angel Conference will bring together accredited investors and startup firms in a two-day business conference over the next two months with one hopeful walking away with the six-figure prize. On Oct. 19, 30 selected companies will have five minutes to make their business pitch. They, as well as investors, must register by Oct. 1. The top five contenders will move on to compete for the $100,000 investment Nov. 5. Accredited investors will create an entity, engage in due diligence and ultimately invest the money into one of the finalists. The registration fee for investors is $1,500 and for emerging companies, $250. Finalists pitches are open to the public. Entry fee is $15. The event will be 1:30-5 p.m. at Charleston Museum at 360 Meeting St. For more information, go to www.CharlestonAngelConference.com. Latest Tweets Tweets from https://twitter.com/postandcourier/lists/p-c-business Most Popular Articles Collections Articles Sorry, there are no recent results for popular articles. Collections 7th annual Mac Off Poll loading... Site Links About Staff Mobile Apps Newsletters Become a member Place an Ad Advertising Rates Opinion Classifieds Search Related Properties Aiken Standard - Aiken, SC South Strand News - Georgetown, Pawleys Island, & Murrells Inlet, SC The Gazette - Goose Creek, SC The News - Kingstree, SC The Berkeley Independent - Moncks Corner, SC Moultrie News - Mount Pleasant, SC The Star - North Augusta, SC Journal Scene - Summerville, SC Free Times - Columbia, SC Evening Post Books - Charleston, SC Contact Information Post and Courier 134 Columbus Street Charleston, SC 29403 Phone: 843-577-7111 Email: webteam@postandcourier.com © , Post and Courier, an Evening Post Industries company. All rights reserved. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Latest News Dow 18,870 -33.39 -0.18% Nasdaq 5,321 -13.38 -0.25% S&P 500 2,182 -4.73 -0.22% 11:24 A.M. ET Updated Treasury yields turn higher; 10-year above 2.3% 11:10 A.M. ET FanDuel, DraftKings announce merger plans 11:08 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 11:07 A.M. ET Updated How the dollar rally could threaten corporate earnings 11:05 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 11:04 A.M. ET Updated 4 reasons why a strong dollar may sink the stock-market rally in 2017 11:02 A.M. ET Updated Stock market’s ‘Trump rally’ is mostly a bank rally 11:01 A.M. ET Updated Here are Goldman’s 2017 forecasts for stocks, oil and more — in one chart 11:00 A.M. ET Updated Dollar extends climb to 10th session as Yellen refuels the bulls 10:59 A.M. ET Kanye says he would have voted for Trump, if he had bothered to go to the polls 10:47 A.M. ET Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 10:46 A.M. ET How to be smarter than the gadgets in your home this holiday season​ 10:43 A.M. ET U.S. stocks turn lower; major indexes down about 0.2% 10:42 A.M. ET Updated What President-elect Trump means for every U.S. industry 10:42 A.M. ET Updated Trump’s plans for trade and foreign policy could end up hurting the U.S. 10:40 A.M. ET This is how savings experts do their holiday shopping 10:38 A.M. ET Breaking Treasury yields turn higher; 10-year up 0.7 basis point at 2.308% 10:36 A.M. ET Updated Here’s when markets close on Black Friday 10:36 A.M. ET Updated The euro is on its longest losing streak ever 10:27 A.M. ET Updated Gold slides toward $1,200, set for second-straight weekly decline Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Airlines Deal could boost satellite broadband on airlines By Robert Wall Published: Sept 11, 2016 5:10 p.m. ET Share By RobertWall Europe's largest satellite-services provider and the region's leading aircraft-electronics maker are teaming up to offer enhanced broadband-via-satellite connections to airline passengers. After months of negotiations and decisions to scale back their initial plans, France's Thales SA and Luxembourg-based SES SA, with a global fleet of more than 50 satellites, on Monday will announce they are jointly entering the already crowded field of companies marketing such high-bandwith links. By 2020, the partners hope to leapfrog competitors with a powerful new satellite designed specifically for efficient and low-cost cabin connectivity to airliners flying across the U.S., Latin America and busy trans-Atlantic routes. For passengers, the service aims to be "the equivalent of what you have at home with fiber connectivity," Thales Chief Executive Patrice Caine said in an interview. That would include streaming movies in high definition, videogames and live television. But two entrenched rivals, London-based Inmarsat PLC and ViaSat Inc. of Carlsbad, Calif., already have or soon will have significant capacity in orbit to serve the same fast-growing segment -- and both can build on longstanding relationships with certain carriers. Current competitors also rely on capable satellites designed for global connectivity. Thales and SES likely won't be able to match such coverage until at least the middle of the next decade, even if they opt to investment in additional satellites. The move comes as airlines, satellite operators and equipment makers are scrambling to shape a new market for airborne connectivity. Despite escalating passenger expectations for faster connections, many airlines world-wide are still struggling to figure out how to make money from such cabin features. For years carriers around the globe have been offering in-flight connections to passengers for a fee, or in some cases for free. But the connection speeds often have been limited, frustrating some passengers eager to do more than send text messages or emails. As a result, overall usage rates have been depressed, making a number of carriers ambivalent about investing in new satellite services and upgraded equipment on board. But now, more powerful satellites, advanced antennas and other hardware are promising to change that dynamic, with airline managements increasingly viewing upgraded cabin connectivity as an important way to attract and retain customers. Paris-based advisory firm Euroconsult estimates that the number of commercial aircraft with in-flight connecting will grow to 23,100 by 2025 from 5,300 last year. Sales from passenger connectivity would see a 23% annual growth rate over the period. Yet "airlines don't know how their ultimate business models will work out," according to Tim Farrar, a Northern California satellite consultant. Faster speeds are expected to lure more customers. Industry leaders, however, "still can't agree what the best technology will be or ultimately how they can make back their investment," Mr. Farrar said. Thales already serves the segment through its FlytLive broadband unit, as well as its Avant in-flight entertainment equipment installed on Boeing Co. and Airbus Group SE jetliners. Thales will begin offering its new connectivity for the Americas starting next year using two existing SES satellites. The service will be bolstered with the addition of the planned SES-17 aircraft three years later. The new offerings are intended for planes coming off the assembly lines, as well as retrofits of existing fleets. Inmarsat has launched three of its Global Xpress satellites to beam signals globally, with the first airlines including Deutsche Lufthansa AG already signed on. The system is due to go live soon. ViaSat also is launching new, powerful satellites to service airlines. It counts American Airlines Group Inc., the U.S. biggest airline by traffic, among its customers. But SES CEO Karim Sabbagh said the SES-17 spacecraft, to be built by Thales Alenia Space, a Franco-Italian joint venture majority owned by Thales, will have an advantage because it will be designed to optimally serve flight routes. It is part of a growing trend with satellites becoming ever more tailored for particular applications, he said. The satellite, which can provide bandwidth through almost 200 separate beams, will be designed to deliver more capacity where air traffic is particularly dense to avoid service disruptions. The latest partnership also marks a departure from typical industry arrangements. For SES, the deal provides certainty because Thales has signed up to take almost all the available bandwidth on the spacecraft under a long-term contract effectively covering upfront costs. Thales will try to resell the capacity to airlines. SES will market extra capacity on the spacecraft not intended for airline use. The companies didn't disclose the size of their investment. The cost to deploy a satellite and related ground infrastructure typically can be as much as $400 million. Those costs appear largely covered by long-term satellite use agreements. Write to Robert Wall at robert.wall@wsj.com and Andy Pasztor at andy.pasztor@wsj.com More from MarketWatch Kellyanne Conway: Stop treating millennials like ‘precious snowflakes’ Bond guru Bill Gross says Trump voters will suffer most from election result Giuliani’s Trump-Like Audition for Secretary of State MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate An airy three-bedroom loft with private elevator access in Manhattan’s Flatiron district View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Kantipur The Kathmandu Post saptahik Nepal Nari Radio Kantipur Kantipur TV 0Shares Share on facebookShare on twitter Money FinMin to be guarantor on loan for fleet expansion - SANGAM PRASAIN, Kathmandu The current fiscal year’s budget statement has also promised to arrange funding to buy jets for NAC Sep 12, 2016- The Finance Ministry has agreed to act as a guarantor on a loan Nepal Airlines Corporation (NAC) plans to take to procure two widebody jets. The decision to stand surety for the national flag carrier has allowed the Tourism Ministry to table a procurement proposal in the Cabinet. NAC gave a presentation on its fleet and market expansion strategy in the presence of Finance Minister Krishna Bahadur Mahara on Sunday, convincing the Finance Ministry to act as a guarantor on a loan for the carrier’s Rs25-billion fleet expansion project, said NAC Managing Director Sugat Ratna Kansakar. The current fiscal year’s budget statement has also promised to arrange funding to buy jets for NAC. It plans to request the Employees Provident Fund and Citizen Investment Trust for loans. NAC is scheduled to bring in the first jet by September 2017 and the second one by March 2018. The corporation was expected to call a meeting of its board of directors last week to finalise the procurement of two Airbus A330-200 widebody jets, but the meeting had to be postponed after the Finance Ministry’s representative on the board retired. “The board is likely to meet this week or next week,” said Kansakar. The management has tabled a proposal to buy two jets from the Airbus A330-200 family. The board may confirm or reverse the decision. The NAC management had recommended switching to Airbus as pursuing a one-family aircraft strategy would reduce maintenance and crew training costs. NAC plans to have an all-Airbus fleet in the near future. Currently, NAC flies five different types of aircraft—Boeing, Airbus, Twin Otter, MA60 and Y12e. Due to the diverse fleet, it needs to have different sets of pilots, engineers and spare parts for each type of aircraft. Last January, the national flag carrier had unveiled an ambitious reform strategy that includes buying two widebody aircraft over the next two years. The NAC board had agreed in principle to the corporation’s proposal to induct two long-range widebody Airbus aircraft into its fleet. According to NAC, the proposed A330-200 can accommodate up to 280 passengers in a two-class layout. The carrier has proposed procuring long-range jets to serve destinations in North America, Japan, Australia and the UK as they have been identified as prospective markets for Nepal over the next 20 years. NAC purchased two Airbus A320-200 aircraft last year by borrowing Rs10 billion from the Employees Provident Fund in its first fleet expansion in 27 years. In 2015, NAC’s market share on international routes stood at 7.88 percent, up from 5.87 percent in 2014. Nepal Airlines saw the strongest passenger growth after it added two A320 aircraft to its fleet. The beleaguered national flag carrier flew 253,658 travellers last year, up 22.87 percent compared to the previous year. The carrier currently serves eight international destinations, including three Indian cities, and plans to expand to Guangzhou, China by this year. Published: 12-09-2016 08:50 The Kathmandu Post ›Money › Sangam Prasain Next Story Govt to strictly monitor CoO issuance process › More From Money NOC plans to re-enter bitumen business Nov 18, 2016 Quake-destroyed homestays reopen after reconstruction Nov 18, 2016 Nepal world’s 5th largest lentil producer in 2014 Nov 18, 2016 Life thrown into turmoil after India note withdrawal Nov 17, 2016 NEPSE suffers steep drop of 40.32 points Nov 17, 2016 Taskforce set up to address problems faced by Nepalis Nov 17, 2016 Surya Nepal, Rana declared country’s largest taxpayers Nov 17, 2016 IBN considers extending financial closure deadline Nov 17, 2016 Chaudhary Foundation, LCIF announce $500k investment Nov 17, 2016 Organic coffee sector held back by lack of expertise Nov 17, 2016 Trending User's Feedback Click here for your comments Comment via Facebook Don't have facebook account? Use this form to comment Loading... Main News Constitution amendment proposal within few daysNov 18, 2016 Bouddhanath consecration ceremony in picturesNov 18, 2016 CJ Karki against appointing judge solely based on proportional representationNov 18, 2016 House informed about lifting of suspension of lawmaker LamaNov 18, 2016 Four Nepalis missing in road accident in Indian State of KeralaNov 18, 2016 Dr KC in frail health on 6th day of fast-unto-deathNov 18, 2016 Property worth Rs1.6 m destroyed in Sunsari and Terhathum fireNov 18, 2016 Nepal world’s 5th largest lentil producer in 2014Nov 18, 2016 Demonstration in Kalikot against LLRC decisionNov 18, 2016 Govt preparing to show NRA chief door?Nov 18, 2016 The Kathmandu Post's Categories 12th South Asian Games Blog Capital Development Editor's Pick Editorial Entertainment Featured Fiction Park General Health & Living Health & Style Int'l Coverage INTERVIEW MAIN NEWS Money National news Off The Beat Oped POST TRIVIA Saturday Features Sports Video World Visit kmg.com.np About Us Established in February 1993, the Kathmandu Post, Nepal’s first privately owned English broadsheet daily, is today Nepal’s leading English language newspaper, with a daily circulation of 82,000 copies. This makes the Post Nepal’s second-most widely circulated newspaper—after Kantipur daily. The Kathmandu Post is also a member of Asia News Network that has over 15 members and is known for its insightful, unbiased journalistic work of the highest calibre.   Read more» AdvertiseTo advertise on ekantipur click here » To advertise on print media click here » FeedbackSend us your feedback » We like to hear from you. × Contact Us Contact Address Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd. Central Business Park, Thapathali Kathmandu, Nepal +977-01-5135000 +977-01-5135001 Contact Us » A member of ekantipur © Copyright Kantipur Digital Corp. Designed and Developed by
null

null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market featured Apple is exploring moving iPhone production to the US: Report By: Arjun Kharpal 6 Hours Ago A key iPhone maker is exploring the possibility of moving production of the smartphone to the United States, according to a report. » Read More Amazon offers exclusive deals to people who order through its AI assistant Alexa By: Arjun Kharpal 8 Hours Ago Amazon is trying to get you used to the idea of speaking to Alexa – its artificial intelligence (AI) digital assistant. » Read More SpaceX wants to launch 4,425 satellites into space for global super-fast internet By: Arjun Kharpal Thursday, 17 Nov 2016 | 3:18 AM ET Elon Musk's SpaceX wants to launch thousands of satellites into space with the aim of providing super-fast global internet coverage. » Read More Russia blocks LinkedIn over data protection violations By: Arjun Kharpal Thursday, 17 Nov 2016 | 4:41 AM ET Russia is taking steps to ban LinkedIn accusing it of violating data protection rights. » Read More More Domino’s delivers world’s first ever pizza by drone Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 6:53 AM ET A New Zealand couple has become the first people in the world to have pizza delivered by drone after Domino's flew an order to their home. Nintendo shares power-up as iOS ‘Super Mario Run’ lands next month for $9.99 Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 3:46 AM ET Nintendo shares rallied Wednesday after the Japanese firm announced the release date and price of its upcoming "Super Mario Run" mobile game. Apple quizzed by Chinese watchdog after iPhones randomly shut down Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 4:06 AM ET A Chinese consumer group has asked Apple to investigate reports by users of iPhone 6 and 6s phones that the devices have been shutting off. Google, Facebook move to restrict ads on fake news sites Tuesday, 15 Nov 2016 | 7:20 AM ET Alphabet's Google and Facebook announced measures aimed at halting the spread of "fake news" on the internet. Renegade Facebook employees form task force to battle fake news Tuesday, 15 Nov 2016 | 9:30 AM ET Facebook employees have formed an unofficial task force to question how Facebook promoted fake news in the Election, Buzzfeed reports. The number of workers joining the gig economy has slowed dramatically, study says Tuesday, 15 Nov 2016 | 9:00 AM ET And wages at gig economy jobs have also declined in the last two years, the JP Morgan Chase Institute study finds. Snapchat’s $130 video recording Spectacles are being sold online for $5,000 Tuesday, 15 Nov 2016 | 4:26 AM ET Snapchat's $130 video recording glasses are being sold on eBay for as much as $5,000. Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff: ‘Without Twitter, you wouldn’t have President-elect Trump’ Tuesday, 15 Nov 2016 | 1:08 AM ET Marc Benioff says that Twitter is why Donald Trump was elected president and explains why he passed on acquiring it, Recode reports. Here's what pollsters need to get right or risk being wrong. Again Monday, 14 Nov 2016 | 10:56 PM ET Pollsters need to shift their polling methods to take into account the prevalence of the internet as a platform, says SurveyMonkey. India’s rupee restrictions are boosting demand for bitcoin Tuesday, 15 Nov 2016 | 8:44 AM ET Prime Minister Narendra Modi's decision to withdraw 500 and 1000 rupee notes from circulation has sparked interest in bitcoin among Indians. Singapore is beating the rest of Asia on one key measure Monday, 14 Nov 2016 | 8:25 PM ET Singapore is better positioned than any other Asian country to cash in on an increasingly digital world, a new report says. Google aims to crack down on ads on fake news sites Monday, 14 Nov 2016 | 6:38 PM ET Alphabet's Google said on Monday it is working on a policy update to restrict its ads from being placed on fake news sites. Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff sets out Silicon Valley's Trump wish list Tuesday, 15 Nov 2016 | 1:06 AM ET Silicon Valley wants patent and visa reforms, and the chance to repatriate cash hoards, says Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff. This is what made Marc Benioff run away from a deal with Microsoft Monday, 14 Nov 2016 | 11:47 PM ET Marc Benioff says that the Salesforce and Microsoft relationship has soured because of the latter, Recode reports. This start-up is cashing in on the craze for Korean cosmetics Monday, 14 Nov 2016 | 10:37 PM ET Althea, a Seoul-based start-up, is trying to cash in on the trend by making inroads into southeast Asia's growing e-commerce market. Twitter takes new steps to tackle cyberbullying Tuesday, 15 Nov 2016 | 9:00 AM ET Twitter is making it easier to report and block trolls and to enforce its policies. « First Next » |  Last » Contact Technology CNBC NEWSLETTERS Get the best of CNBC in your inbox Please choose a subscription Make It A daily email for dreamers, seekers and game changers. Breaking News CNBC's latest news headlines Morning Squawk Daily before the bell news roundup Evening Brief Daily recap of the day's top headlines Guest Alerts Guest information & reminders for your calendar Your Wealth Weekly advice on managing your money Options Action Insight from the Options Action panel Your Money Your Vote Everything you need to know about the coming election Job Industry Advertising/Marketing Automotive Communications/PR Construction/Manufacturing Education Finance/Banking/Insurance Legal Media/Entertainment Medical/Health Care Mining/Oil/Gas/Utilities Gov't/Non-Profit Real Estate Retail Technology/IT Transportation/Shipping Travel/Hospitality Other Please enter a valid email address Get these newsletters delivered to your inbox, and more info about about our products and service. Privacy Policy. Submit ▲   Matt Hunter Matt Hunter is the senior technology editor at CNBC.com. Anita Balakrishnan Anita Balakrishnan is a CNBC.com news associate covering Apple, consumer technology and breaking business news. Michelle Castillo Michelle Castillo is a reporter for CNBC Digital, covering advertising and media. Ari Levy Ari Levy is CNBC.com's senior technology reporter in San Francisco. Harriet Taylor Harriet Taylor is a CNBC.com technology reporter based in San Francisco. She covers Apple, Uber and the sharing economy, cybersecurity and emerging Silicon Valley trends. Julia Boorstin Working from Los Angeles, Boorstin is CNBC's media and entertainment reporter and editor of CNBC.com's Media Money section. Jon Fortt Jon Fortt is an on-air editor. He covers the companies, start-ups, and trends that are driving innovation in the industry. Josh Lipton Josh Lipton is CNBC's technology correspondent, working from CNBC's Silicon Valley bureau. Recode Kara Swisher Executive Editor, Recode; Host, Recode Decode podcast; and Co-Executive Producer, Code Conference. Re/code is part of the CNBC network. Walt Mossberg Co-Founder and Editor-at-Large, Recode and Co-Executive Producer, Code Conference. Re/code is part of the CNBC network. Squawk Alley Isaacson: Humans beat machines when it comes to shades of truth on Facebook Republican Sen. Jon Thune ready to work with Trump after calling for his withdrawal GE CEO Immelt's advice to Trump: 'We have to engage globally' AOL co-founder: How Silicon Valley can reconnect with Trump territory Amid sell-off, tech sector hopes Trump will make a deal on key issues
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Boeing, Beware: Ukraine's Biggest Plane Is Back in Business -- in China Could a revived An-225 air freighter steal sales (and profits) from Boeing? We'll find out. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Sep 11, 2016 at 2:13PM ANTONOV'S FLYING BARN -- THE AN-225 MRIYA. IMAGE SOURCE: MIKE FREER VIA WIKIMEDIA COMMONS. "Antonov Aviation Concern" is dead. Long live "the Antonov Company." That was the upshot of our article earlier this year detailing the trials and tribulations of the several subsidiaries of Ukrainian aerospace giant Antonov Aviation -- including the subsidiary that built and still operates the country's gigantic An-225 Mriya flying barn. (Actually, "Mriya" translates as "dream" -- but you've seen the picture. This thing is big.) All together now: How big is it? According to published statistics, the Antonov An-225 Mriya measures 276 feet in length with a 290-foot wingspan. It stands 54 feet tall, can lift 1.4 million pounds (including its own weight), and within its capacious hold has space for 46,000 cubic feet of cargo. It's strong enough to carry an entire Russian Buran-class space shuttle piggybacked atop it -- which in fact, was the purpose for which the An-225 was designed. Or it can carry a 200-ton natural gas generator or wind turbine (among its common uses ), or 33 fully grown African bull elephants  internally. It is, quite simply, the largest and most powerful transport aircraft on the planet -- bigger than Boeing's (NYSE:BA) 747 freighter, or Airbus' (NASDAQOTH:EADSY) gigantic A380 -- and has been so for nearly three decades. And now the An-225 is going back into production. From Ukraine with love Last month, IHS Jane's relayed the news that Antonov had signed a deal to license the designs and technologies needed to build the An-225 to the Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AICC), for production within China. (Note: AICC may not be the same company as the "Aviation Industry Corporation of China" that is better known by the acronym "AVIC." Some sources suggest that despite the identical English translations of their names, these are actually two separate businesses.) In any case, whichever company it is acting through, China has agreed to assist Antonov in completing an incomplete An-225, on which production was halted in 2001. First flight on that one is expected to take place in 2019, at which point the population of operable Mriyas in the world will instantly double. Subsequently, production will shift to a new factory in Sichuan Province in China, which will commence churning out brand-new, modernized versions of the plane by the mid-2020s -- and in volume. What it means to investors Preeminent in the pantheon of global planemakers, Boeing's 747-8F transport is currently only the second biggest transport aircraft in the world. Its 138-ton payload capacity, while impressive, is quite simply dwarfed by the 200-ton payload of Antonov's An-225. An Airbus A380 freighter would probably outclass the Boeing 747-8F in both payload capacity and cargo volume -- but there isn't an A380 freighter variant on the market today. And as for Lockheed's C-5M, its payload is arguably comparable to that of Boeing's 747 -- but the C-5M is a purely military bird, which limits both the size of its market and the size of the profits it can generate for Lockheed. That leaves the race for the title of "world's biggest civilian freighter" a contest solely between Boeing and Antonov. To date, it's a contest that Antonov has won handily. But it's also a contest Antonov has only won technically. While the An-225 is certainly much bigger than the B747-4F, it's also been unique -- as in, there's only one An-225 flying, "and they ain't building any more of 'em." That changed last month. In just a few years, Chinese-made An-225s could be circling the globe in ever-increasing numbers, depriving Boeing once and for all of the title of "world's biggest civilian freighter [for all intents and purposes]" -- and depriving Boeing of some of the revenue, and profits, that it might have been able to earn as the maker of the world's most capable freighter jet. Going forward, some of those profits will be going to China, and via licensing fees, to Ukraine as well. Sorry, Boeing. You're officially No. 2. Rich Smith does not own shares of, nor is he short, any company named above. You can find him on CAPS, publicly pontificating under the handle TMFDitty, where he's currently ranked No. 293 out of more than 75,000 rated members. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Follow @richsmithfool Article Info Sep 11, 2016 at 2:13PM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $146.04 up $0.71 (0.49%) Airbus NASDAQOTH:EADSY $14.54 down $0.22 (-1.51%) Read More Europe Green-Lights a Space Monopoly to Combat ULA and SpaceX Navy Greenlights 2 War Drone Prototypes for Its Aircraft Carrier Fleet 5 Things Boeing Co. Management Wants You to Know Can Airbus Surpass Boeing Co.'s Aircraft Production? About Those Cheap Boeing 737s: United Continental Doesn't Want Them Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: USMC Will "Absolutely" Put Laser Guns on Its F-35s As if the F-35 wasn't enough of a technological marvel already, now the military wants to stick laser guns on it. But who will build them? Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Sep 11, 2016 at 10:13AM The Marines believe one day, a laser-armed F-35 will see the light of day. Image source: Lockheed Martin. It's been nearly two years since we first caught wind of a new project, sponsored by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), to put laser guns on warplanes. Two years since "the Pentagon's mad scientists department" announced they had hired Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) to develop a means to "counteract the effects of turbulence caused by the protrusion of a turret from an aircraft's fuselage," and permit a fighter jet to fire a laser weapon with precision. Two years later, the U.S. military has still not given up on its dream. Baby steps... Last year, we updated you on the military's decision to begin installation of laser guns on Lockheed Martin AC-130 gunships by 2020. The theory then was that a 200 kilowatt laser canon wouldn't take up much more room than a standard issue M102 howitzer -- which the AC-130 is already equipped with. And the Allison engines  on the AC-130 put out plenty of juice that could power a high-energy laser. And so, with just a little rejiggering, the Air Force thought it should be possible to switch out the howitzer, and replace it with a laser cannon. If that works out well, then the Air Force would see about shrinking the laser down in size, and perhaps putting it aboard a smaller warplane. And now we learn that the  Marine Corps is on board with this plan as well. Followed by a giant leap As website PopularMilitary.com revealed last week, the Marine Corps has plans to install laser weapons on F-35 fighter jets -- indeed, that it is "absolutely" committed to doing so. As with the Air Force, the Marines' initial intention is to mount laser weapons aboard large planes such as the KC-130 (an armed version  of Lockheed's C-130 Hercules, similar to the Air Force's AC-130). But "as soon as we could miniaturize them," says USMC Lt. Gen. Robert Walsh, the Corps would plan to begin installing lasers aboard F-35s, Cobra attack helicopters, and MV-22 Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft as well. The reason: Economics. Projectile-based weapons -- be they guns, missiles, or cannons -- imply by necessity ordnance to fire from them. That ordnance must be transported to the battlefront (which costs money), loaded aboard a plane (which costs space), and then carried in flight (which costs fuel ... which in turn costs both money and space). In contrast, a laser is powered by the airplane's own engines, and its own fuel load. While that fuel certainly costs money, it's so efficient at creating destructive energy that even today, laser weapons are estimated to cost only about "a dollar-a-shot" to operate. And that's a whole lot cheaper than a missile. What it means to investors So first the Air Force, and now the Marines -- that's two-thirds of the operators of Lockheed's F-35 that are now on record and on board with the idea of arming warplanes with laser guns. (And we already know that the Navy has its own fondness for lasers). But who will be building these weapons for the military, and which companies should you be looking to invest in to profit from the transition from projectile weapons to lasers? Lockheed Martin is the most obvious candidate. Not only is it working on laser weapons for DARPA, it also builds the plane most people are saying will be the first platform to carry them -- the world-famous C-130 Hercules -- as well as the F-35 stealth fighter that the Marines hope will be the vehicle that laser guns eventually end up on. However, you also need to keep an eye on Boeing (NYSE:BA), which ran the Pentagon's last large-scale airborne laser project, and on Raytheon (NYSE:RTN) and Northrop Grumman (NYSE:NOC) as well. Both Raytheon and Northrop partnered with Boeing on the Airborne Laser project before its cancellation in 2009.  And then there's Kratos Defense (NASDAQ:KTOS), a small company that's been making a lot of news in the drone space lately -- and also coordinated the Navy's effort to put a laser cannon on one of its warships. Basically, it's hard to name a company in the defense industry today that is not actively researching laser weapons. But the place to start your research is still Lockheed Martin. With a hand in both the development of the laser gun itself, and the platform(s) it will be mounted on, Lockheed is the single company burning this candle at both ends -- in a good way. Fool contributor Rich Smith does not own shares of, nor is he short, any company named above. You can find him on CAPS, publicly pontificating under the handle TMFDitty, where he's currently ranked No. 293 out of more than 75,000 rated members. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Follow @richsmithfool Article Info Sep 11, 2016 at 10:13AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $146.04 up $0.71 (0.49%) Raytheon NYSE:RTN $144.98 up $0.02 (0.01%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $262.94 down $0.34 (-0.13%) Northrop Grumman NYSE:NOC $244.87 up $0.21 (0.09%) Kratos Defense and Security Solutions NASDAQ:KTOS $6.38 down $0.47 (-6.93%) Read More Lockheed Martin Stock Split History: Is Another Split Coming? Who Builds the Most Expensive Spaceships? Lockheed Martin Beats Earnings, Lockheed Stock Goes Nowhere Pentagon Weapons Tester Shoots Down Lockheed's F-35 Prepare to Be Wowed by Lockheed Martin's Huge New Contract Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
ROS LBoard 1 ‘We can’t stop Umno members, who belong to NGOs, taking part’ Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Ukraine envoy gives priority to finding MH17 culprits Bernama | September 11, 2016 Using all possible means, we will bring them to justice even if it takes months, years and even decades, says Ukraine's new ambassador. KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysia and Ukraine have cemented an agreement to set up a joint commission to expand cooperation in the military-technical sphere, says Ukraine’s new ambassador to Malaysia, Olexander Nechytaylo. He said that the move was discussed and agreed in a meeting held between Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko with Malaysian Defence Minister Hishammuddin Hussein when the president made his maiden visit to Malaysia in August. “The defence cooperation has been an area where both countries have been working together with, for quite sometime now … and with the latest high-level visit, both sides are making the move into a reality,” he told Bernama. The newly appointed ambassador said that the defence ministries of both countries were currently focusing on the preparations to organise the commission’s first meeting and would soon appoint co-chairs from both sides as agreed. In line with the enhanced cooperation, Nechytaylo said that Ukraine was also keen to share with Malaysia its expertise in military equipment and latest aircraft development and technology. The ambassador highlighted that the commission would benefit both countries, pointing out that it was also in line with the Ukrainian government’s policy to intensify interaction with Malaysia in the defence and military sector. Nechytaylo, who presented his credentials to the Yang di-Pertuan Agong on July 18, said that he will strive to further deepen Malaysia-Ukraine diplomatic and bilateral relations. “The most important ‘work’ for me now is to keep the relations close in order for us to find the perpetrators responsible for the downing of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17. Using all possible means, we will bring them to justice even if it takes months, years and even decades,” he said. The Boeing B777 aircraft, which was travelling from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur and carrying 298 passengers, including crew, was shot down over eastern Ukraine on July 17, 2014. On people-to-people contact, the ambassador said that he would want to engage and employ both government and private sectors to attract more Ukrainians to Malaysia and vice versa. And as both nations have agreed to expedite the setting up of a joint trade commission to enhance two-way business and trade potentials, the envoy said that his work priority would also be on how to set up initial networks, which could be distinctly extended in creating more businesses and trade agreements. Malaysia, which is currently Ukraine’s top 10 trading partner in the Asia-Pacific region, established diplomatic ties with Ukraine on March 3, 1992 and have since enjoyed friendly and cordial relations.     Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Ismail: Defend Malay power through Umno From Batu Road kuey-teow seller to champ Explore topics air crash, diplomacy, MH17, Top News, Ukraine ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Police arrest Maria Chin after Bersih raid Student activist’s arrest latest in Bersih police… Arrests of Red Shirts imminent, says Guan Eng 7,000 cops on duty for Bersih 5 rally, roads closed Adam: I worked hard to buy a Proton Perdana at 19 Red Shirts’ Jamal Yunos lauds Bersih crackdown Bersih eve raid and arrests unjustifiable, says Suaram Raid or no, the rally is still on, says lawyer Japan to remove Malaysia from reduced-tariff list 11-vehicle crash causes 10km jam on highway ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB TPP ain’t over till it’s over The real work isn’t in the streets Why did the ringgit fall despite China deals? Daripada ke Mekah, Dr Mahathir pilih berjuang Punchier rebuttals needed on criticism of ‘China deal’ Penang Transport Master Plan and the issue of social justice More... FMT Bahasa Kematian Shukri membuka mata tentang derita rakyat biasa, kata Mujahid PAGE: Jangan bawa kanak-kanak ke Bersih 5 Selepas menghilangkan diri, Jamal sambut baik tindakan ke atas Bersih Bersih 5 tetap diteruskan tanpa Maria Chin ‘Tangkapan di ambang Bersih 5 akan semarakkan perhimpunan esok’ Baju Merah juga akan ditangkap, kata Guan Eng More... Misc Ads – Movie Content FMT Borneo Plus Bersih 5 KK to assemble at 3 points East Malaysians urged to stop blaming peninsula bogeyman Ask BN allies about reissuing ICs, Warisan tells Upko PKR to table own motion reclaiming S’wak rights Adenan gets more flak over Sarawak rights motion u-turn Don: Najib may have quietly made concessions to Adenan More... Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
null
 Homepage      Search on site      To write the letter      Site map We are on:  Login: Password: Forgot password?     Photoblog News News News News News News News Brief Weekly Reports Free article Subscription Tariff News&Reports AGRO PERSPECTIVE Agrarian Week Ukrainian Grain & Oilseed Market Fertilizers Milk Ukraine Market studies Advertising Magazine Site Conferences Forum AGRO-2013 DAIRY WORLD-2008 FERTILIZERS-2010 Exhibitions For our clients AgroNewsDaily Ukrainian Grain&Oilseed Market Fertilizers Milk Monthly Milk Weekly About us About project Contact   Home > News News Klimkin: Poroshenko, Obama to meet at UN General Assembly meeting 12.09.2016 11:48 "Agro Perspectiva" (Kyiv)  While sharing an interview with Inter TV channel, Ukrainian Foreign Minister Pavlo Klimkin has announced the meeting between Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and US President Barack Obama is to be held on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly meeting, UNIAN says referring to Europeiska Pravda report. «I believe, a brief meeting will certainly take place,» Klimkin said. As to the report, Ukrainian Foreign Minister has reminded that Obama had earlier devoted special attention to Ukrainian issue at the G20 summit in China. As to Klimkin, Poroshenko will address the UN General Assembly. The minister has also noted that two meetings of the UN Security Council will be held. «And it is very important for us, because one will be devoted to the Middle East and Syria, and the other  to the aviation safety, ahead of which we expect the final report on the Malaysian Boeing. Its very important,» Klimkin said. The 71st session of the UN General Assembly will launch at the UN Headquarters in New York as of this year Sept 13. Agro Perspectiva < Over 500 vehicles piled up at Ukrainian-Polish border All news for 12.09.2016 Ukraine resumes gas imports from Poland > 18.11.2016   16:43 Ukrainian Gov to set up working group for customs reform 08:02 Groisman talked with civil experts about progress on reform path 17.11.2016   19:12 Groisman pledges Warm Loan Program be prolonged 18:49 EU Council gives green light to inter-institutional negotiations on visa-free regime for Ukraine 17:46 International INNOVATION MARKET Forum to be held in Kyiv 09:17 Groisman urges authorities to make e-governance their work priority 08:02 How Ebola could protect Africa from flu virus 16.11.2016   19:11 Ukraine emerges from pre-default state, Groisman says 18:13 Belarus eager to advance diversified contacts with Japan 11:19 Groisman: Ukraine expects EU to implement its commitments on visa regime liberalization/Association Agreement ratification 10:14 Rada may appeal to EU governments about granting visa free regime for Ukraine 09:17 Poroshenko had a phone call with President-elect Donald Trump 08:02 Temping is a short-term fix for economy, says ILO 15.11.2016   18:11 Moldova to lift restrictions on Ukrainian goods since Jan 1 17:41 As of Nov 16, Minsk to host German Economy Day 16:43 Within 9 months, Ukrainian agricultural export exceeded US$10 milliard 15:10 BASF acknowledged as global leader in water management 14:36 33rd session of Standing Committee on Copyright and Related Rights of World Intellectual Property Organization takes place in Geneva 09:17 Over 200 renowned writers pen "tiny stories" for children 08:02 "Overuse and misuse" is focus of World Antibiotic Awareness Week 14.11.2016   17:11 Poroshenko thanks Swedish government for assistance in implementation of Ukrainian reforms 16:13 Bad weather leaves 988 Ukrainian towns and villages without electricity 15:00 New Full-Function Olenex JV Provides Comprehensive, Integrated Capabilities in Edible Oils and Fats 13:19 Poroshenko started working visit to Sweden 09:14 Groisman, Ceferin discussed holding 2018 UEFA Champions League Final in Kyiv 08:02 UN Chief welcomes President-elect Trump's calls for unity 11.11.2016   15:26 NBU plans to issue digital currency using BlockChain 13:11 EIB, Ukrainian Infrastructure Ministry sign EUR200 million credit for public transport upgrade 10:14 Groisman: Next year Ukraine will boost gas output by 500 million cubic meters 09:17 UNICEF: Delhi air pollution "wakeup call" for world 08:02 World closer to ending modern slavery 10.11.2016   18:13 Groisman inspected Kherson International Airport reconstruction activities in the Kherson International Airport 17:51 Ukraine signs European Code of Social Security 10:14 As of today, Groisman to pay a working visit to Kherson region 09:17 "Massive reduction" in Somalia piracy result of global community support 08:02 WHO: Haiti cholera vaccine will prevent majority of severe cases 09.11.2016   18:48 Belarus 2016 food export forecasted to total US$2.1milliard 17:14 Gov boosts minimum alcohol prices 16:07 Ukrainian President meets with Slovenian business representatives 15:11 Seven Wonders of Ukraine project: Ukrainian best historical cities and towns 09:17 Program of events to celebrate Ukrainian Writing and Language Day presented in Kyiv 08:02 WHO: Developing countries to get extra support for tobacco controls 08.11.2016   20:19 Belarus exports US$55,000 worth of agricultural products to UAE within 2016 19:25 Ukrainian, Slovenian Presidents discussed wide range of bilateral cooperation issues 17:11 Ukrainian inflation accelerates to 12.4% 13:08 Groisman urges to intensify mechanisms of housing subsidy 09:17 Kistion, WB representatives discussed Ukrainian energy sector reforms 08:02 Minister: Silk Road is top priority for domestic agricultural producers 07.11.2016   17:59 Transcarpathia getting ready for flood 16:19 Saakashvili resigns from Odesa region Governor post Also available:  News archive 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Su 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 Prices (EXW) Price, UAH/t   Grains Date Other prices EXW --Grains Corn Rye Feed Barley Feed Wheat Wheat 4gr. Wheat 3gr. --Oils Crude sunflower oil Sunseeds --Shugar White sugar --Milk products SMP Butter, block Cheese, hard --Fertilizers NPK Monoammony phosphate Ammonium nitrate Agrarian Week Agrarian Week in digital READ ON-LINE Advertising Advertisement Weather forecast News News - News - News - News - News - News Brief Weekly Reports - Free article Subscription Tariff - News&Reports Advertising Magazine - Site Conferences Forum AGRO-2013 - DAIRY WORLD-2008 - FERTILIZERS-2010 Exhibitions For our clients AgroNewsDaily - Ukrainian Grain&Oilseed Market - Fertilizers - Milk Monthly - Milk Weekly About us About project - Contact 2002 -2016 © Agrarika, ltd. tel.: +38 (044) 486-9171, 486-8119 fax: +38 (044) 486-8830, 494-4889 e-mail: info@agroperspectiva.com

All regions Ukraine Europe America Middle East Asia&Pacific Africa Russia Breaking news 17:15 Nov. 17, 2016 BREAKING: EU states give conditional approval to visa-free travel for Ukraine 16:26 Nov. 17, 2016 Never-ending shelling of Avdiivka industrial zone and Mariupol sector 15:42 Nov. 17, 2016 Largest violations in 2016 seen in Donbas - OSCE 15:38 Nov. 17, 2016 US mulls new Russia sanctions for Ukraine and Syria campaigns 15:33 Nov. 17, 2016 EU Committee discusses visa-free regime for Ukraine 15:16 Nov. 17, 2016 Polish Sejm passes bill to lower retirement age 14:07 Nov. 17, 2016 No specific agreements on Trump’s visit to Russia – Kremlin 13:25 Nov. 17, 2016 US lawmakers want response to Russia’s interference in election, actions in Ukraine and Syria 12:52 Nov. 17, 2016 Canada quietly reaches out to Russia for talks on Ukraine - Reuters 20:34 Nov. 16, 2016 Master of puppets: how Russia undermines Europe with its allies 19:12 Nov. 16, 2016 ‘Good year’ of Beata Szydlo’s gov’t in Poland: was it that well? 18:25 Nov. 16, 2016 Ukraine successfully tests its new precise missile 17:56 Nov. 16, 2016 Ukraine's Cabinet dismisses Dekanoidze as national police chief 17:55 Nov. 16, 2016 Ukraine's cyber police shut down one of the biggest pirate movie websites 16:57 Nov. 16, 2016 Ukraine has Europe’s worst anti-corruption performance, its citizens say 16:29 Nov. 16, 2016 Yanukovych to testify via video conference on Novermber 25 16:21 Nov. 16, 2016 Evidence says, shooting of Euromaidan activists was planned – Lawyer 15:26 Nov. 16, 2016 BBC to boost brodcasting for Russia and surrouning countries 14:06 Nov. 16, 2016 Verkhovna Rada appeals to EU on free visa travel 13:59 Nov. 16, 2016 Blackmail and bribing: how Russia tried to block Crimea resolution 13:17 Nov. 16, 2016 EU Commission offers new measures to enter Schengen zone 13:14 Nov. 16, 2016 Russia denounces its allegiance to International Criminal Court 12:27 Nov. 16, 2016 Protests in central Kyiv go on for second day 12:05 Nov. 16, 2016 MH17 Atrocity: Names of the culprits will be made public by 2018 11:44 Nov. 16, 2016 UN Crimea resolution is a first step towards deoccupation - Klimkin 10:49 Nov. 16, 2016 McCain warns Trumps over US-Russia rapprochement 09:29 Nov. 16, 2016 UN recognizes Crimea as occupied – for the first time 17:50 Nov. 15, 2016 Polish prosecution to investigate Ukrainian flag case 15:43 Nov. 15, 2016 Ukrainian teens win the most prestigious European Hip-Hop contest 14:38 Nov. 15, 2016 Six wounded as Russian-backed militants attack Ukrainian army dugout 15:52 Nov. 3, 2016 EU Council agrees ultimate timing for visa liberalisation for Ukraine NewsLivePOLITICSBUSINESSENTERTAINMENTCRIMETECH&SCIENCESOCIETYSPORTPRESSOPINIONABOUT 10:54 Sep. 12, 2016 Poroshenko, Obama to meet at UN General Assembly U.S. President Barack Obama is seated with Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko as they meet with other countries regarding Ukraine at the NATO summit Wales, Sept. 4, 2014 (AP photo) Send via email Ukraine's FM says the meeting will be short but productive Ukraine's Foreign Minister Pavlo Klimkin has announced the meeting between Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and US President Barack Obama will be held on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly, UNIAN reported on Monday referring to the Yevropeyska Pravda media outlet. "I believe, a brief meeting will certainly take place," Klimkin said. The foreign minister recalled that Obama had earlier devoted special attention to Ukrainian issue at the G20 summit in China. According to Klimkin, Poroshenko will address the UN General Assembly. The minister has also noted that two meetings of the UN Security Council will be held. "It is very important for us, because one will be devoted to the Middle East and Syria, and the other – to the aviation safety, ahead of which we expect the final report on the Malaysian Boeing. It will be very important," Klimkin said. The 71st session of the UN General Assembly will launch at the organization's Headquarters in New York September 13.     Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="http://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a> comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Politics13:37 Nov. 18, 2016 Klimkin indicates progress on Ukraine's visa-free path Politics10:14 Nov. 18, 2016 Switzerland extends sanctions against Russian MPs Politics17:12 Nov. 17, 2016 BREAKING: EU states give conditional approval to visa-free travel for Ukraine Politics16:16 Nov. 17, 2016 Never-ending shelling of Avdiivka industrial zone and Mariupol sector Politics15:30 Nov. 17, 2016 US mulls new Russia sanctions for Ukraine and Syria campaigns See more news Tweets by @uatodaytv Ukraine Today WEEKLY DIGEST Subscribe to receive regular email updates about Ukraine and Eastern Europe Copyright © 2014News|Live|Politics|Business|Entertainment|Crime|Tech&Science|Society|Sport|Opinion|About Privacy policy Communicate Follow Follow @uatodaytv Subscribe vk154998
null
null
