International Search Search aviationCathay Pacific Is Cutting 600 Jobs in Its Largest Restructuring in Decades South KoreaSouth Korea’s New President Vows to Take on the Country’s Huge Family-Run Conglomerates merger and acquisitionChemical Groups Huntsman and Clariant Are Set to Announce Their Merger BitcoinIRS Probe of Bitcoin Goes Too Far, GOP Warns The Boeing logo on the first Boeing 737 MAX 9 airplane is pictured during its rollout for media at the Boeing factory in Renton, Washington on March 7, 2017.  JASON REDMOND AFP/Getty Images Boeing Boeing Has Signed Several Defense and Commercial Deals With Saudi Arabia Reuters May 21, 2017 Boeing (ba) said on Sunday it had signed several defense and co mmercial deals with Saudi Arabia including for the sale of military and passenger aircraft during a visit by U.S. President Donald Trump to the kingdom. The announcement is the latest in tens of billions of dollars in deals signed between U.S. and Saudi firms since Trump arrived in Riyadh on Saturday. Boeing said Saudi Arabia has agreed to buy Chinook heli co pters, associated support services and guided weapons systems, and intends to purchase P-8 surveillance aircraft. The total value of the deals or how many aircraft Saudi Arabia intends to buy was not given in the statement announcing the agreements. A Boeing spokesman declined to co mment beyond the statement. The U.S State Department announced in December plans to sell Saudi Arabia CH-47F Chinook cargo heli co pters and related equipment, training and support worth $3.51 billion. Saudi Arabia is seeking closer defense and co mmercial ties with the United States under Trump, as it seeks to develop its e co nomy beyond oil and leads a co alition that is fighting a war in Yemen. “These announcements reaffirm our co mmitment to the e co nomic growth, prosperity and national security of both Saudi Arabia and the United States, helping to create or sustain thousands of jobs in our two co untries,” said Boeing Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg. For more on Trump in Saudi Arabia, watch Fortune's video: Boeing also said it would negotiate the sale of up to 16 widebody airplanes to Saudi Gulf Airlines which is based in the co untry's east in Dammam. Boeing did not say which aircraft it was negotiating to sell to the privately-owned co mmercial airline. Saudi Gulf, which started operations last year, co uld not immediately be reached for co mment. Boeing will also establish a joint venture with Saudi Arabia to provide "sustainment services for a wide range of military platforms," the statement said, whilst a separate joint venture would "provide support for both military and co mmercial heli co pters." Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Please Update your browser Your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with our website. A list of the most popular web browsers can be found below. Just click on the icons to get to the download page. LOGIN / REGISTER PREMIUM SUBSCRIPTION LOGIN / REGISTER press enter to search Video 30°C DKI Jakarta, Indonesia 30°C Partly Cloudy Dry and mostly cloudy throughout the day. Wed 26℃ - 32℃ Thu 25℃ - 32℃ Fri 25℃ - 31℃ Sat 26℃ - 30℃ Home NEWS PULSE MULTIMEDIA MOST VIEWED MOST SHARED news Index politics world national city Business SE ASIA COMMUNITY Index Youth OPINION Index ACADEMIA INTERVIEW JPLUS TRAVEL Index News Destinations VIDEO Index VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM PAPER EDITION Index TODAY'S PAPER JPLUS BALI BUZZ JOBS politics world national city News Business Malindo Air receives Boeing's first 737 Max 8 Stefani Ribka The Jakarta Post Kuala Lumpur | Mon, May 22, 2017 | 10:42 am Malindo Air CEO Chandran Rama Muthy (from second left to right), Boeing Commercial Airplanes Asia Pacific and India sales senior vice president Dinesh Keskar, Kuala Lumpur International Airport director general of civil aviation Dato' Sri Azharuddin and Lion Group co-founder, Indonesian tycoon and politician Rusdi Kirana pose for a photograph during the welcoming ceremony of the Boeing 737 Max 8 at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport on May 22. (JP/Stefani Ribka) Topics Malindo-Air Lion-Air Boeing-737-Max8 Rusdi-Kirana Kuala-Lumpur-International-Airport Share this article  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    Malaysia-based airline Malindo Air is the first airline to receive the Boeing 737 Max 8, a new aircraft that Boeing says is more fuel efficient and lowers operational costs. Malindo Air, part of Lion Group, welcomed the new aircraft on Monday. The group's co-founder, Indonesian tycoon and politician Rusdi Kirana, Boeing Commercial Airplanes Asia Pacific and India sales senior vice president Dinesh Keskar and Malindo Air CEO Chandran Rama Muthy attended the ceremony. Boeing says its 737 Max 8 operates at costs 8 percent lower than its rival Airbus' A320neo and consumes 9 percent less fuel, as well as 14 percent less fuel than the most efficient single-aisle airplane, the Boeing 737 Next Generation (NG), and 20 percent less fuel than the original 737NG (1998 entry into service). (Read also: Tourism Ministry, Lion Air Group discuss new routes, partnership) "These new aircraft will allow us to go to further destinations and will play a key role in providing lower air fares to our customers," Chandran said in a statement. Malindo Air will receive four aircraft of the new series this year operating as "Batik Malaysia," a re-branding of the airline starting in the second half of the year. They will be deployed mostly for chartered flights, with a maiden route of Kuala Lumpur to Singapore. (bbn) most viewed most shared KNKT to probe truck cargo in fatal ferry fire Djarot says he feels 'jomblo' without Ahok  Jokowi leads campaign to decouple Islam’s association with terrorism at Riyadh summit Jokowi to have bilateral meetings with leaders of Bangladesh, Tunisia Indonesia pledges smooth sailing for global yachters 10th ART|JOG kicks off Japan’s shrinking population: Aging nation faces shortage of workers New stamp series launched to celebrate anniversary of Bogor Botanical Gardens 14 cadets named suspects in death of fellow cadet at Semarang Police Academy Bogor mayor says city's famous park a symbol of diversity follow us       NEWS     JOBS   TRAVEL   LIFE   Join the discussions Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. NEWS BUSINESS POLITICS WORLD NATIONAL CITY PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER ACADEMIA INTERVIEW OPINION TRAVEL NEWS DESTINATIONS MULTIMEDIA VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM LIFE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ART & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS BOOKS SOUTHEAST ASIA JOBS COMMUNITY YOUTH News     TRAVEL   Jobs   Our partners kompas.com tribunnews.com kontan.co.id Asia News Network Catch Asia! Media Network About Cyber Media Guidelines Contact Advertise Paper Subscription © 2017 PT. Niskala Media Tenggara
Monday 22 May 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Finance & Capital Market   » SAUDIGULF PLANS 16 JETS Boeing signs defence, commercial deals with Saudi RIYADH, 3 hours, 36 minutes ago Boeing has signed several defence and commercial agreements with Saudi Arabia, bolstering their partnership and creating thousands of jobs in both the US and Saudi Arabia during a visit by US President Donald Trump to the kingdom. President Trump and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson were joined by King Salman bin Abdul-Aziz Al Saud, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Naif Al Saud and Deputy Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman Al Saud at a signing ceremony that included Boeing products and services. Among the announcements: •    Agreements to purchase Chinook helicopters and associated support services as well as guided weapon systems. •    Saudi Arabia’s intent to order P-8 maritime, patrol and reconnaissance aircraft, which are based on the Boeing 737 commercial airplane. •    A joint venture with the Kingdom to provide sustainment services for a wide range of military platforms. The agreement also supports Saudi Arabia’s efforts to grow its indigenous aerospace industry and ecosystem through its Vision 2030 initiative. •    A commercial registration certificate for the Saudi Rotorcraft Support Company, a newly formed joint venture between Boeing, Alsalam Aerospace Industries and Saudia Aerospace Engineering Industries with bases in both Riyadh and Jeddah that will provide support for both military and commercial helicopters. •    An agreement between Boeing and SaudiGulf Airlines to negotiate the sale of up to 16 widebody airplanes. “These announcements reaffirm our commitment to the economic growth, prosperity and national security of both Saudi Arabia and the United States, helping to create or sustain thousands of jobs in our two countries,” said Boeing chairman, president and CEO Dennis Muilenburg, who also participated in the Saudi-US CEO Forum. “Our decades-long partnership with the Kingdom began in 1945 when President Roosevelt presented a DC-3 to King Abdul Aziz Al Saud, launching commercial air travel in the region. We welcome the opportunity to continue that support. I appreciate the efforts of King Salman, President Trump and his administration to support American manufacturers as we seek to grow at home and around the world,” he added.  – TradeArabia News Service Tags: Saudi Arabia | Boeing | Trump | Chinook | SaudiGulf Airlines | More Finance & Capital Market Stories Oman’s PEIE inks $129m facility with BankDhofar Bahrain business confidence index gains in Q2 Alabbar buys key stake in top venture capital firm Mastercard opens Levant HQ in Amman Sico launches online trading platform Al Thani Global Investment appoints new group CEO Saudi Arabia, Blackstone plan $40bn infrastructure fund UAE Exchange offers salary disbursals through Mobile Exchange ADGM joins R3 consortium on distributed ledger technology Tamkeen, Al Salam Bank-Bahrain ink $53m portfolio World Bank offers $350m support to Morocco reforms Apple Multi-Asset starts trading DGCX Shanghai Gold Futures CrediMax launches new premium cards Saudi 'making good progress in boosting private sector' Oman in bid to boost exports to Egypt Emirates NBD issues annual sustainability report Open data ‘could add over $2.8bn to Dubai economy’ DMCC completes tender for 50,000 carats of diamond UAE non-oil private firms see business booming Over half of UAE firms ‘yet to prepare for VAT’ Deloitte to host VAT academies in Saudi, Bahrain UAE economic growth set to rebound: IMF DFSA takes action against RSL officer Dubai Islamic wins five top industry awards Emirates Islamic posts $60m Q1 profit DFSA takes action against senior executive EFG Hermes posts Q1 profit of $13m Dubai Economy new licenses up 12pc in Q1 Bank ABC Group profit up 22pc to $50m Saudi non-oil revenue to back govt spending Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Trump’s First Foreign Trip Bill Cosby Scandal TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Travel Consumer Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 11 2017, 4:46 am ET Boeing Halts Test Flights of New 737 Over Engine Issue Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement DALLAS — Boeing is suspending test flights of a new airliner because of a possible problem in the manufacturing of a key engine part. The company said Wednesday that it still plans to deliver the first Boeing 737 Max later this month, and production will continue. A Boeing 737 MAX 9 under construction at the company's production facility in Renton, Washington, on Feb. 13. Jason Redmond / Reuters file The news sent Boeing Co. shares down nearly 4 percent, although they recovered partly to close at $183.18, down $2.31, or 1.3 percent. Chicago-based Boeing was notified last week of a potential issue involving turbine engine discs produced by a supplier to engine maker CFM International. Boeing said it has not experienced any problems with the discs during more than 2,000 hours of testing. It poses no safety concerns for travelers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 Max but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists. Timely delivery is important to planemakers as they get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer. The Max is designed to be a more fuel-efficient version of the workhorse 737, Boeing's most popular commercial plane. Malaysia's Malindo Air plans to take delivery of the first Max in a few days and begin using it for passenger flights before July. Dallas-based Southwest Airlines Co. expects to begin using the plane this fall. It said Boeing had not warned it of any delays to its delivery schedule. Related: China's 'Homegrown' Competitor to 737 Takes to the Skies American Airlines Group Inc., which has 100 737 MAX jets on order, declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. The discs in question are made by a supplier to CFM International, a joint venture of General Electric and France's Safran. GE spokeswoman Jamie Jewell declined to identify the supplier. She said GE and Safran will work with the supplier to find and correct any shortcomings in the manufacturing process while also turning to a backup supplier to keep production of engines on schedule. A Boeing logo on one of the firm's 737 Max 9 jets. Jason Redmond / AFP - Getty Images file In a written statement, Boeing said it will work with CFM "to understand the precise scope and root cause of the quality issue." New planes and parts go through extensive testing to turn up problems before passengers go on board. Cai von Rumohr, an analyst with Cowen and Co., said "this doesn't look like a serious concern" because Boeing still expects to deliver the first plane this month and it appears to be a fixable manufacturing problem rather than a design flaw. Boeing has built about 9,500 single-aisle 737s since the late 1960s. The company said it has taken more than 3,700 orders for the Max, which carries a list price of $112.4 million to $119.2 million, although airlines routinely get big discounts. Contributors Associated Press and Reuters Topics Travel, Tech News, U.S. news, World First Published May 11 2017, 4:44 am ET Next Story Goodbye to the 'Greatest Show on Earth': Ringling Bros. Hold Final Curtain Call advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Business Home LBoard ICT, LRT focus of Abang Johari’s first term as Sarawak CM Bede Hong Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Boeing signs defense, commercial deals with Saudi Arabia Reuters | May 22, 2017 Boeing said Saudi Arabia agreed to buy Chinook helicopters, associated support services and guided weapons systems, and intends to purchase P-8 surveillance aircraft. DUBAI: Boeing Co has signed several defense and commercial deals with Saudi Arabia including for the sale of military and passenger aircraft, the company said on Sunday during a visit by US President Donald Trump to the kingdom. Boeing said Saudi Arabia agreed to buy Chinook helicopters, associated support services and guided weapons systems, and intends to purchase P-8 surveillance aircraft. The US State Department in December announced plans to sell Saudi Arabia CH-47F Chinook cargo helicopters and related equipment, training and support worth US$3.51 billion. Congress was informed last year that a sale to Saudi Arabia would involve 48 of the helicopters. Saudi Arabia is seeking closer defense and commercial ties with the United States under Trump, as it seeks to develop its economy beyond oil and leads a coalition that is fighting a war in Yemen. Saudi Arabia is seeking to end Iran-allied Houthi control over most of Yemen’s main population centers and restore its internationally recognized government to power. The total value of the deals was not disclosed in a statement announcing the agreements. The Boeing announcement is the latest in business deals worth tens of billions of dollars signed between US and Saudi companies since Trump arrived in Riyadh on Saturday. “These announcements reaffirm our commitment to the economic growth, prosperity and national security of both Saudi Arabia and the United States, helping to create or sustain thousands of jobs in our two countries,” said Boeing Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg. Boeing also said it would negotiate the sale of up to 16 widebody airplanes to Saudi Gulf Airlines, which is based in the country’s east in Dammam. A sale to the privately owned commercial airline is expected to include Boeing 777 and or 787 aircraft, according to a person familiar with the matter. Saudi Gulf, which started operations last year, could not be reached immediately for comment. Boeing also will establish a joint venture with Saudi Arabia to provide “sustainment services for a wide range of military platforms,” the statement said, including non-Boeing supplied equipment. A separate joint venture would “provide support for both military and commercial helicopters.” The Saudi Rotorcraft Support Center recently received its commercial certificate and is expected to start operations in the near future. The center is a joint venture with Alsalam Aerospace Industries, Saudi Aerospace Engineering Industries and Boeing. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Once-drab Indonesian slum rejuvenated into ‘Rainbow Village’ ‘Greatest Show on Earth’ takes its final bow after 146 years ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Hang Tuah is Chinese? Hang on a second… How to tell if an apartment is worth buying Country going steadily downhill Lelaki disimbah air panas, dibelasah akibat berzina South China Sea: The gloves come off Pakatan too confident for their own good, says Zaid Nazri: RM600 million price tag for BN in last general… 2 Penang assemblymen ejected over sexist remarks Cop nabbed for allegedly killing pregnant girlfriend ‘Mat Rempit’ killed in Ipoh crash, motorist assaulted ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Hang Tuah is Chinese? Hang on a second… Tamil school system being shot to bits Country going steadily downhill South China Sea: The gloves come off The inseparable twins of universities Skim pembodohan oleh pemimpin, penyokong DAP More... FMT Bahasa Insiden tampar: David Teo sedia beri kerjasama 100% Warisan selar tuduhan Shafie ada kaitan militan Sulu Mahkamah benarkan permohonan cabar ejen kutip caj parkir DBKL Reman 9 individu termasuk 2 OCPD dilanjut Exco: Batal terowong dasar laut jika lulus jambatan ke-3 PRK Pujut: PAS Sarawak mahu bertanding walau hilang deposit More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Latest News Dow 20,805 +141.82 +0.69% Nasdaq 6,084 +28.57 +0.47% S&P 500 2,382 +16.01 +0.68% 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,496.84 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 392.15 2:32 A.M. ET Apple price target lifted to $168 from $157 per share at RBC Capital Markets 2:24 A.M. ET Aegon to sell 2 runoff businesses to Wilton Re 2:25 A.M. ET Updated Asian stocks rise as investors fret less about U.S. political concerns 2:23 A.M. ET AstraZeneca, Recordati agree Seloken rights deal 2:21 A.M. ET Huntsman, Clariant to combine into $20 bln company 1:32 A.M. ET Oil prices climb as investors wait for OPEC meeting 1:00 A.M. ET Updated White House to roll out budget proposal, cutting Medicaid, assistance to the poor 12:12 A.M. ET Updated These are the highest (and lowest) paying jobs in every state across the country 5/21 Updated 4 potential outcomes for OPEC’s crucial meeting 5/21 Japan's April exports up 7.5%, 5th straight rise 5/21 Updated Fed minutes may quell fresh doubts about a June rate hike 5/21 Saudi Arabia’s $20 billion wager with Blackstone is record-sized bet on U.S. infrastructure 5/21 Updated The story behind the only bank prosecuted after the 2008 financial crisis 5/21 Trump budget would convert many overseas military grants to loans 5/21 Trump reportedly to propose big cuts to safety net in new budget, slashing Medicaid and more 5/21 Ford mulls significant management changes to address stock-price decline 5/21 Updated This popular social network ranks as the worst for young people’s mental health 5/21 Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus stages final ‘Greatest Show on Earth’ after 146 years Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Boeing anticipates potential widebody jet sale to Saudi airline By Doug Cameron Published: May 21, 2017 5:28 p.m. ET Share SaudiGulf Airlines is looking to acquire up to 16 twin-aisle jets, Boeing says By DougCameron Boeing Co. said Sunday it had agreed to the potential sale of 16 widebody jets to a Saudi Arabian airline and a range of equipment for the country’s armed forces. The aerospace giant BA, +1.89%  said SaudiGulf Airlines is looking to acquire up to 16 twin-aisle jets, though it didn’t identify the model or potential delivery dates in a market where sales have been sluggish over the past two years. The weekend bonanza of potential arms sales signed during President Donald Trump’s state visit to Saudi Arabia included Boeing Chinook helicopters, a previously-announced agreement that has already been cleared by Congress. Read: U.S. and Saudi Arabia are expected to ink deals and investments worth $300 billion And: Trump, Saudi Arabia, other Gulf states sign pacts worth $350 billion meant to counterbalance Iran Saudi Arabia also wants to acquire an unspecified number of Boeing’s P-8 maritime patrol aircraft based on its popular 737 jetliner, the company said in a statement. The U.S. Navy, India and Australia have already bought the P-8. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com . Popular on WSJ.com: North Korea Launches Another Ballistic Missile Five Secrets for Steadier Workouts More from MarketWatch More Coverage In the battle for control of the stock market, bulls may have an edge Trump reportedly to propose big cuts to safety net in new budget, slashing Medicaid and more Stock buyers were much more aggressive than sellers earlier in the week Quote References BA +3.36 +1.89% Most Popular These are the highest (and lowest) paying jobs in every state across the country The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco Stock buyers were much more aggressive than sellers earlier in the week This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate Barshefsky: China Stepped Up Reform Push Reversals MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $180.76 +3.36 (+1.89%) Volume 4.0M Open $177.73 High $181.42 Low $176.77 P/E Ratio 22.15 Div Yield 3.14 Market Cap 109.1B
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry French planemaker Dassault hopes to sell more Rafale fighter jets to India French planemaker Dassault hopes to sell more Rafale fighter jets to India French planemaker Dassault Aviation SA hopes to start talks with India by the end of the year for additional sales of its Rafale fighter jet, before full negotiations in 2018, Chief Executive Eric Trappier said in Geneva. By: Reuters | Geneva | Updated: May 21, 2017 11:12 PM French planemaker Dassault Aviation SA hopes to start talks with India by the end of the year for additional sales of its Rafale fighter jet. (Reuters) French planemaker Dassault Aviation SA hopes to start talks with India by the end of the year for additional sales of its Rafale fighter jet, before full negotiations in 2018, Chief Executive Eric Trappier said in Geneva on Sunday. He also said the company was awaiting more information on Canada’s search for fighter planes. Canada said on Thursday it was reviewing plans to buy military equipment from Boeing Co after the U.S. planemaker launched a trade complaint alleging that Canada’s Bombardier Inc had dumped jets into the U.S. market. In November, Canada said it wanted to buy 18 Boeing Super Hornets as a stopgap measure while it prepared a competition to replace its ageing fleet of fighter jets. Also watch: According to industry sources, the Canadian government has also held talks with Eurofighter, Lockheed Martin and Saab. “We are in a phase where I do not know (…) if they are still in a tender in which we are a part or if they are negotiating on a one-to-one basis,” Trappier told Reuters on the sidelines of the Ebace business aviation fair. In India, where Dassault Aviation signed a long-awaited contract for 36 Rafale fighter jets in September 2016, Trappier said it was working on an additional order for the air force as well as a tender for 57 planes for the navy. Boeing is also competing for the Indian naval deal. “There is no negotiation, we are not there yet: we are waiting for a one-to-one discussion,” Trappier said, hoping to start talks this year before full-fledged negotiations in 2018. S Sam Ray May 22, 2017 at 4:53 am Dussault is a yesteryear company that is simply not in a position to quickly supply a significant number of fighter jets in a reasonable period of time. They have a very small bandwidth. They already have more orders than they can handle in ten years. They are simply foo India. It will be suicidal for Indian and IAF to sign another contract with Dussault. Simply say NO and move on India. Reply Don't Miss Donald Trump in Saudi Arabia: From India to terrorism, top 10 things the US President addressed in his speech Hero MotoCorp, Royal Enfield interested in buying iconic Italian motorcycle brand Ducati: Sources Equity bug bites India's small-town investors as stocks soar to all-time high Donald Trump speech in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia: 'Muslim countries are biggest victims of terrorism'; Full text GST: Modi government's tax revolution set to sweep India's $2 trillion economy, biggest tax reform since independence Want instant loans? Beware of these 5 personal loan pitfalls As lay-offs in IT industry rise, creating new jobs in the digital era will call for a new education system Naugam operation: Union Defence Minister Arun Jaitley hails Indian troops for foiling infiltration Big setback for Arvind Kejriwal, Arun Jaitley files another Rs 10 cr defamation case In Pulwama, Pakistan-occupied Kashmir anthem played just ahead of a cricket match Business Gallery IPL 2017 Final – Mumbai Indians vs Pune Supergiant: Rohit Sharma puts it across Steve Smith, MS Dhoni by 1 run to lift trophy Donald Trump’s first foreign trip after becoming President: Take a look Sachin: A Billion Dreams: Tendulkar meets PM Narendra Modi, gets an inspiring message; check pics Goa bridge collapse: Victims watching suicide bid fall into river Keam result 2017: Entrance Examination results likely today, visit cee.kerala.gov.in for updates Technology Gallery SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours Hindi News कर्नाटक BJP के चीफ येदुरप्पा ने नहीं खाया दलित परिवार के घर का खाना, होटल से मंगवाया केजरीवाल और लालू के बचाव में आए बीजेपी नेता शत्रुघ्न सिन्हा, कहा- केवल आरोप लगाए हैं, सबूत भी दें क्रिकेट मैच से पहले खिलाड़ियों ने गाया पाक अधिकृत कश्मीर का राष्ट्रगान, फेसबुक पर किया लाइव Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES SAUDI ARABIA May 22, 2017 | Last updated 5 minutes ago 24KGold-- usd---- 8Events innext 7 days   Hot Topics: IPL Business Podcast UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News UAE31 Courts4 Crime Education2 Emergencies3 Environment4 Government15 Health3 Culture Property Leisure Media Society7 Tourism3 Transport3 Weather More17 General top stories in UAE Ramadan school timings announced Mohammad Bin Zayed meets president of Azerbaijan UAE's Arab Islamic American Summit statement Gulf8 Bahrain3 Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia5 Yemen top stories in Gulf Muslim world to stamp out roots of terrorism Bahrain gives cleric one-year suspended sentence Older kids get preference for school admission Mena8 Algeria Djibouti Egypt Eritrea Iran2 Iraq Jordan Lebanon Libya1 Mauritania Morocco Palestine3 Somalia South Sudan Sudan Syria Tunisia1 Turkey top stories in Mena US President visits Jerusalem UN urges Libya to free all refugees Protesters close second oil pump station Europe5 UK2 Germany France Italy Spain Netherlands Switzerland1 Russia Other2 top stories in Europe UK threatens to quit Brexit talks over bill Swiss voters projected to back renewables law Cypriots cling to hope in peace talks Africa South Africa Nigeria1 Kenya Other top stories in Africa Probe into deaths of UN experts in Congo done Joy as Chibok girls reunited with parents Mission unaccomplished: Uganda halts Kony hunt Asia17 Afghanistan1 Australia1 India7 Pakistan1 Philippines1 Sri Lanka Bangladesh China Japan North Korea3 South Korea Nepal1 Other top stories in Asia North Korea declares missile ready for action American climber dies on Everest, Indian missing Arrest warrants for 12 doctors in womb scam Americas12 USA8 Canada Mexico1 Brazil2 Argentina Other top stories in Americas US President visits Jerusalem A brief history of the CIA Passenger jet collides with truck at LA airport Offbeat Courts & Crime Education Life & Style News Pictures Sport Business Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Boeing signs deals with Saudi Arabia Saudi Gulf Airlines in talks to buy sixteen wide-bodied commercial aircraft from Boeing Published: 19:44 May 21, 2017 Fareed Rahman, Senior Reporter   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Abu Dhabi: Boeing and Saudi Arabia have signed several defence and commercial agreements coinciding with the visit of the US President Donald Trump to Saudi Arabia including commercial aircraft order for sixteen wide bodied Boeing aircraft, it was announced on Sunday. There are also agreements to purchase of Chinook helicopters and associated support services as well as guided weapon systems and Saudi Arabia’s intent to order P-8 maritime, patrol and reconnaissance aircraft, which are based on the Boeing 737 commercial airplane. Boeing and Saudi Arabia have also announced a joint venture to provide sustainment services for a wide range of military platforms that supports the kingdom’s efforts to grow its indigenous aerospace industry and ecosystem through its Vision 2030 initiative. A commercial registration certificate for the Saudi Rotorcraft Support Company, a newly formed joint venture between Boeing, Alsalam Aerospace Industries and Saudia Aerospace Engineering Industries with bases in both Riyadh and Jeddah that will provide support for both military and commercial helicopters was also announced on Sunday. The total value of the deals is not known. “These announcements reaffirm our commitment to the economic growth, prosperity and national security of both Saudi Arabia and the United States, helping to create or sustain thousands of jobs in our two countries,” said Boeing Chairman, President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg, in a statement. “Our decades-long partnership with the Kingdom began in 1945 when President Roosevelt presented a DC-3 to King Abdul Aziz Al Saud, launching commercial air travel in the region. We welcome the opportunity to continue that support.” More from Saudi Arabia Muslim world to stamp out roots of terrorism Mohammad: Riyadh summit sends clear message Trump calls for isolation of Iran in Riyadh Boeing signs deals with Saudi Arabia Trump takes art of the deal to Saudi Arabia Trump wins warm welcome in Riyadh Riyadh plans to wean economy off oil Saudis, US in record $380b deals tags from this storyDonald Trump follow this tag on MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGNSaudi Arabia follow this tag on MGNAbu Dhabi follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsNewsGulfSaudi Arabia tagsDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNSaudi Arabia follow this tag on MGN+ MGNAbu Dhabi follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In Saudi ArabiaMuslim world to stamp out roots of terrorism Follow us Most Popular Viewed CommentedVideosPictures 01Trump calls for isolation of Iran in Riyadh 02Trump wins warm welcome in Riyadh 03Salman: Trump visit to boost global security Play Watch: Abdul Aziz Al Ghurair on the economy May 18, 2017 Play Family day at Dubai fertility treatment centre May 15, 2017 Play Think Science displays projects by UAE students Apr 20, 2017 Play Chronic parking space shortage in Gold Souq Apr 09, 2017 11Images Doors open to a three-day super sale May 18, 2017 10Images Mohammad Bin Zayed at the White House May 16, 2017 10Images Pics: North Korea’s latest missile launch May 16, 2017 8Images Malaysia seizes 330 exotic tortoises May 16, 2017 Saudi Arabia: Weather today today-weatherJeddahRiyadhDammam weather-volume Celcius Fahrenheit Country In Focus Saudi Arabia Capital:Riyadh Population:29.37 million (WB, 2014) Languages:Arabic (official) Head of State:King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud Follow Saudi Arabia on My Gulf News+mgn Most Popular on Gulf News When can the UAE expect Ramadan? Ramadan's riskiest day on UAE roads Man says viral video defamed his mum Trump calls for isolation of Iran in Riyadh Ramadan school timings announced Ramadan 2017: All you need to know Triple talaq to marry brother-in-law Dubai story behind Aishwarya’s dress Airline to terminate 600 employees Close Recommended For You US President visits JerusalemPUBLISHED ON May 22, 2017 North Korea declares missile ready for actionPUBLISHED ON May 22, 2017 Airline to terminate 600 employeesPUBLISHED ON May 22, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2017. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Politics BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Boeing signed a number of defense and commercial deals with Saudi Arabia during Trump's visit Alexander Cornwell, Reuters May 21, 2017, 11:51 AM 4,248 facebook linkedin twitter email print   Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud (L) receives US President Donald Trump for the Arab Islamic American Summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia May 21, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst DUBAI, May 21 (Reuters) - Boeing Co said on Sunday it had signed several defense and commercial deals with Saudi Arabia including for the sale of military and passenger aircraft during a visit by U.S. President Donald Trump to the kingdom. The announcement is the latest in tens of billions of dollars in deals signed between U.S. and Saudi firms since Trump arrived in Riyadh on Saturday. Boeing said Saudi Arabia has agreed to buy Chinook helicopters, associated support services and guided weapons systems, and intends to purchase P-8 surveillance aircraft. The total value of the deals or how many aircraft Saudi Arabia intends to buy was not given in the statement announcing the agreements. A Boeing spokesman declined to comment beyond the statement. The U.S State Department announced in December plans to sell Saudi Arabia CH-47F Chinook cargo helicopters and related equipment, training and support worth $3.51 billion. Saudi Arabia is seeking closer defense and commercial ties with the United States under Trump, as it seeks to develop its economy beyond oil and leads a coalition that is fighting a war in Yemen. “These announcements reaffirm our commitment to the economic growth, prosperity and national security of both Saudi Arabia and the United States, helping to create or sustain thousands of jobs in our two countries,” said Boeing Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg. Boeing also said it would negotiate the sale of up to 16 widebody airplanes to Saudi Gulf Airlines which is based in the country's east in Dammam. Boeing did not say which aircraft it was negotiating to sell to the privately-owned commercial airline. Saudi Gulf, which started operations last year, could not immediately be reached for comment. Boeing will also establish a joint venture with Saudi Arabia to provide "sustainment services for a wide range of military platforms," the statement said, whilst a separate joint venture would "provide support for both military and commercial helicopters." (Reporting by Alexander Cornwell Editing by Jeremy Gaunt) Get the latest Boeing stock price here. Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: SEE ALSO: Experts: Trump is edging closer to 'impeachment territory' NOW WATCH: China built a $350 million bridge that ends in a dirt field in North Korea Loading video... More: Reuters Donald Trump Boeing Saudi Arabia Oil facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Boeing signed a number of defense and commercial deals with Saudi Arabia during Trump's visit Boeing signed a number of defense and commercial deals with Saudi Arabia during Trump's visit   DUBAI, May 21 (Reuters) - Boeing Co... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Politics Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News OPEC heads towards supply cut extension as Saudi signals most on board Business Standard Dassault hopes to sell more Rafales to India Reuters  |  GENEVA  May 21, 2017 Last Updated at 20:06 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVlqOR ALSO READ Dassault Aviation hopes talks in 2017 to sell more Rafale to India Malaysia only talking to Dassault about fighter purchase - French government Anil Ambani to fly sortie in Rafale at Aero India Rafale to display solo flights at Aero India CCI clears Reliance-Dassault JV By Cyril Altmeyer GENEVA (Reuters) - French planemaker Dassault Aviation SA hopes to start talks with India by the end of the year for additional sales of its Rafale fighter jet, before full negotiations in 2018, Chief Executive Eric Trappier said in Geneva on Sunday. He also said the company was awaiting more information on Canada's search for fighter planes. Canada said on Thursday it was reviewing plans to buy military equipment from Boeing Co after the U.S. planemaker launched a trade complaint alleging that Canada's Bombardier Inc had dumped jets into the U.S. market. In November, Canada said it wanted to buy 18 Boeing Super Hornets as a stopgap measure while it prepared a competition to replace its aging fleet of fighter jets. According to industry sources, the Canadian government has also held talks with Eurofighter, Lockheed Martin and Saab. "We are in a phase where I do not know (...) if they are still in a tender in which we are a part or if they are negotiating on a one-to-one basis," Trappier told Reuters on the sidelines of the Ebace business aviation fair. In India, where Dassault Aviation signed a long-awaited contract for 36 Rafale fighter jets in September 2016, Trappier said it was working on an additional order for the air force as well as a tender for 57 planes for the navy. Boeing is also competing the Indian naval deal. "There is no negotiation, we are not there yet: we are waiting for a one-to-one discussion," Trappier said, hoping to start talks this year before full-fledged negotiations in 2018. (Reporting by Cyril Altmeyer; Writing by Sybille de La Hamaide; Editing by Elaine Hardcastle and Mark Potter) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On France | Dassault | Rafale | India | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Dassault hopes to sell more Rafales to India GENEVA (Reuters) - French planemaker Dassault Aviation SA hopes to start talks with India by the end of the year for additional sales of its Rafale fighter jet, before full negotiations in 2018, Chief Executive Eric Trappier said in Geneva on Sunday. By Cyril Altmeyer GENEVA (Reuters) - French planemaker Dassault Aviation SA hopes to start talks with India by the end of the year for additional sales of its Rafale fighter jet, before full negotiations in 2018, Chief Executive Eric Trappier said in Geneva on Sunday. He also said the company was awaiting more information on Canada's search for fighter planes. Canada said on Thursday it was reviewing plans to buy military equipment from Boeing Co after the U.S. planemaker launched a trade complaint alleging that Canada's Bombardier Inc had dumped jets into the U.S. market. In November, Canada said it wanted to buy 18 Boeing Super Hornets as a stopgap measure while it prepared a competition to replace its aging fleet of fighter jets. According to industry sources, the Canadian government has also held talks with Eurofighter, Lockheed Martin and Saab. "We are in a phase where I do not know (...) if they are still in a tender in which we are a part or if they are negotiating on a one-to-one basis," Trappier told Reuters on the sidelines of the Ebace business aviation fair. In India, where Dassault Aviation signed a long-awaited contract for 36 Rafale fighter jets in September 2016, Trappier said it was working on an additional order for the air force as well as a tender for 57 planes for the navy. Boeing is also competing the Indian naval deal. "There is no negotiation, we are not there yet: we are waiting for a one-to-one discussion," Trappier said, hoping to start talks this year before full-fledged negotiations in 2018. (Reporting by Cyril Altmeyer; Writing by Sybille de La Hamaide; Editing by Elaine Hardcastle and Mark Potter) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Dassault hopes to sell more Rafales to India By Cyril Altmeyer GENEVA (Reuters) - French planemaker Dassault Aviation SA hopes to start talks with India by the end of the year for additional sales of its Rafale fighter jet, before full negotiations in 2018, Chief Executive Eric Trappier said in Geneva on Sunday. He also said the company was awaiting more information on Canada's search for fighter planes. Canada said on Thursday it was reviewing plans to buy military equipment from Boeing Co after the U.S. planemaker launched a trade complaint alleging that Canada's Bombardier Inc had dumped jets into the U.S. market. In November, Canada said it wanted to buy 18 Boeing Super Hornets as a stopgap measure while it prepared a competition to replace its aging fleet of fighter jets. According to industry sources, the Canadian government has also held talks with Eurofighter, Lockheed Martin and Saab. "We are in a phase where I do not know (...) if they are still in a tender in which we are a part or if they are negotiating on a one-to-one basis," Trappier told Reuters on the sidelines of the Ebace business aviation fair. In India, where Dassault Aviation signed a long-awaited contract for 36 Rafale fighter jets in September 2016, Trappier said it was working on an additional order for the air force as well as a tender for 57 planes for the navy. Boeing is also competing the Indian naval deal. "There is no negotiation, we are not there yet: we are waiting for a one-to-one discussion," Trappier said, hoping to start talks this year before full-fledged negotiations in 2018. (Reporting by Cyril Altmeyer; Writing by Sybille de La Hamaide; Editing by Elaine Hardcastle and Mark Potter) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 22 May 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Dubai developer Damac's tower to go on sale in Qatar UAE’s Dana Gas receives overdue $20mln from Egypt Barwa signs Madinat Al Mawater phase-2 contract Boeing Co signs defense, commercial deals with Saudi Arabia Dubai developer Damac's tower to go on sale in Qatar Barwa signs Madinat Al Mawater phase-2 contract Dubai's Arabtec wins construction contract for Wasl Tower UAE's Danube expects business to grow by at least 5% in 2017 Dubai's Arabtec wins construction contract for Wasl Tower UAE's Danube expects business to grow by at least 5% in 2017 Sheikh Zayed Mosque, building inaugurated in Oxford 5,800 new housing units to be delivered in Qatar by year-end Oil rises on expectation of extended, possibly deepened output cut OPEC heads towards supply cut extension as Saudi signals most on board Saudi says all "on board" to extend oil cuts for 9 months Abu Dhabi Masdar to test three solar energy systems UAE’s Dana Gas receives overdue $20mln from Egypt No exceptions: All businesses in Saudi with $100,000 revenues covered by VAT UAE banking sector's liquidity condition improves In surprise move, Egypt central bank hikes key interest rates Saudi Arabia comfortable with 2017 budget deficit Jordan secures $100mln loan from Islamic Bank for Development Takaful captures 9.6% of Egypt total insurance premiums in two months UAE's Dana Gas creditors appoint Moelis and Weil for sukuk restructuring GCC firms need to review IT policies to attract millennials Only 30% of Mideast firms have data encryption strategy Dubai Ruler Mohammed bin Rashid launches "2071 Zone" Dubai launches world's first Robocop Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global No exceptions: All businesses in Saudi with $100,000 revenues covered by VAT Muslim world pledges to stamp out roots of terrorism WEF: Middle East must address inefficient labour markets Great opportunities for GCC-US cooperation: Mohamed bin Zayed No exceptions: All businesses in Saudi with $100,000 revenues covered by VAT Muslim world pledges to stamp out roots of terrorism Boeing Co signs defense, commercial deals with Saudi Arabia GCC firms need to review IT policies to attract millennials WEF: Middle East must address inefficient labour markets UAE minister sees chance for Iran to reset "troubled" ties Saudi king says Iran at forefront of global terrorism Rebels leave last opposition district in Syria's Homs UAE’s Dana Gas receives overdue $20mln from Egypt WEF: Middle East must address inefficient labour markets In surprise move, Egypt central bank hikes key interest rates Saudi king says Iran at forefront of global terrorism Muslim world pledges to stamp out roots of terrorism Great opportunities for GCC-US cooperation: Mohamed bin Zayed Trump calls on Arab leaders to do their fair share to 'drive out' terrorism Saudi king says Iran at forefront of global terrorism Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Saudi oil minister due in Iraq to discuss extension to output cuts Stronger oil may lift Gulf, surprise rate hike could hurt Egypt Gold prices dip as Asian stocks gain, but Trump worries support Saudi index hits 7,000 level as oil jumps Stronger oil may lift Gulf, surprise rate hike could hurt Egypt Saudi index hits 7,000 level as oil jumps Saudi basks in Trump glow, most of region moves little Abu Dhabi's Mubadala commits $15bln to SoftBank Vision Fund Depreciating Pakistani rupee a risk Softer dollar may be stock silver lining amid Washington drama Sovereign funds pull $8.4bln from global markets in Q1 Dollar nurses losses as Washington rocked by new probe into Trump campaign Saudi oil minister due in Iraq to discuss extension to output cuts Gold prices dip as Asian stocks gain, but Trump worries support Saudi index hits 7,000 level as oil jumps Oil rises on expectation of extended, possibly deepened output cut Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Saudi GACA to enforce new consumer rights protocol Why Ramadan Wednesdays are worst for motorists in UAE? Dubai launches world's first Robocop Bahrain's top Shi'ite cleric gets one year suspended jail sentence Oman Air to review new baggage policy Saudi GACA to enforce new consumer rights protocol Muslim world pledges to stamp out roots of terrorism WEF: Middle East must address inefficient labour markets Muslim world pledges to stamp out roots of terrorism Why Ramadan Wednesdays are worst for motorists in UAE? Saudi king says Iran at forefront of global terrorism Trump to call on Arab leaders to confront 'crisis of Islamist extremism' Oman Air to review new baggage policy Qatar's new law will provide more than legal certainty Authorities crack down on commercial outlets in UAE capital Oman weathers ransomware cyber attack Splitsville: Divorce rate in Kuwait touches an alarming 60% More than 22,000 deported from Saudi Arabia in six months Dubai Crown Prince issues resolution regulating use of recreational motorcycles Drivers beware: New traffic rules, new fines in UAE soon Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports No need to worry, UAE divers and fishermen say after shark attack UAE films now eligible for Oscar nomination Real Madrid title win "an incredible feeling" for Zidane Sheikh Zayed Mosque, building inaugurated in Oxford Oman to reject imported food products without certificate India to promote ayurveda in UAE More than half of world's deaths still have no recorded cause -WHO Saudi ministry toughens conditions for sale of controlled medicines 180 Palestinian teachers vetted to work in Kuwait Excellent performance allowance: Kuwait hikes number of attendance days for teachers Despite low funding, literacy spread among women in past 50 years Amazon's Souq v Alabbar's Noon: the Middle East's e-commerce battle The Dubai story behind Aishwarya Rai’s Cannes dress Dubai underwater radio broadcast at Atlantis breaks world record Bridesmaid to bride: Pippa takes spotlight in star-studded wedding Dubai underwater radio broadcast at Atlantis breaks world record Saudi Mobily offers 300% free credit in Haj and Umrah package Ramadan is make-or-break for Saudi Arabia's religious tourism sector Emirates to offer in-flight iftar meals in Ramadan UAE films now eligible for Oscar nomination The Dubai story behind Aishwarya Rai’s Cannes dress Dubai underwater radio broadcast at Atlantis breaks world record Bridesmaid to bride: Pippa takes spotlight in star-studded wedding Real Madrid title win "an incredible feeling" for Zidane Rohit Sharma eyes revenge in IPL final against Dhoni World Cup indoor cricket fever grips teams Tennis-Nadal expects Murray challenge at French Open despite form dip Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Trump & the Middle East Article security Boeing Co signs defense, commercial deals with Saudi Arabia 21 May, 2017 By Alexander Cornwell DUBAI, May 21 (Reuters) - Boeing Co said on Sunday it had signed several defense and commercial deals with Saudi Arabia including for the sale of military and passenger aircraft during a visit by U.S. President Donald Trump to the kingdom. The announcement is the latest in tens of billions of dollars in deals signed between U.S. and Saudi firms since Trump arrived in Riyadh on Saturday. Boeing said Saudi Arabia has agreed to buy Chinook helicopters, associated support services and guided weapons systems, and intends to purchase P-8 surveillance aircraft. The total value of the deals or how many aircraft Saudi Arabia intends to buy was not given in the statement announcing the agreements. Advertisement A Boeing spokesman declined to comment beyond the statement. The U.S State Department announced in December plans to sell Saudi Arabia CH-47F Chinook cargo helicopters and related equipment, training and support worth $3.51 billion. Saudi Arabia is seeking closer defense and commercial ties with the United States under Trump, as it seeks to develop its economy beyond oil and leads a coalition that is fighting a war in Yemen. "These announcements reaffirm our commitment to the economic growth, prosperity and national security of both Saudi Arabia and the United States, helping to create or sustain thousands of jobs in our two countries," said Boeing Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg. Boeing also said it would negotiate the sale of up to 16 widebody airplanes to Saudi Gulf Airlines which is based in the country's east in Dammam. Boeing did not say which aircraft it was negotiating to sell to the privately-owned commercial airline. Saudi Gulf, which started operations last year, could not immediately be reached for comment. Boeing will also establish a joint venture with Saudi Arabia to provide "sustainment services for a wide range of military platforms," the statement said, whilst a separate joint venture would "provide support for both military and commercial helicopters." (Reporting by Alexander Cornwell Editing by Jeremy Gaunt) ((Alexander.Cornwell@thomsonreuters.com;)) © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: saudi arabia business united states Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Shurooq's Bodour Al Qasimi named Chair of WEF's MENA Regional Business Council 20 hours ago Fallon joins Memac Ogilvy to lead government & international affairs practice across MENA region 22 hours ago  from Memac Ogilvy PR Emirates Post Group appoints Chief Happiness & Positivity Officer 2 days ago Clean Energy Business Council appoints Stephane le Gentil as new CEO Clean Energy Business Council appoints Stephane le Gentil as their new chief executive officer (CEO). 17 May 2017 Qatar's Sidra appoints Abdulrazaq Al Kuwari as Chief of corporate services 17 May 2017 US's GE appoints KDU as value-added re seller for dynamic positioning systems to enhance marine operational efficiency KDU Worldwide reseller for product range of SeaStream and Sealyte dynamic positioning (DP) systems. 16 May 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
null
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Canada May 21, 2017 11:09 am Chrystia Freeland: ‘There will be consequences’ for Boeing amid aerospace trade spat By Monique Scotti National Online Journalist, Politics  Global News WATCH: Possible consequences for Boeing from Canadian government: Freeland What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen Canada’s minister of foreign affairs says “there will be consequences” for American aerospace giant Boeing after a trade spat with Montreal-based Bombardier Inc. erupted earlier this week. Story continues below In an interview with The West Block‘s Vassy Kapelos, Chrystia Freeland said Boeing’s recent claim that its rival’s subsidies from the Canadian government allow Bombardier to sell C-Series planes at below-market prices is “very clearly a protectionist effort to keep the C-Series out of the U.S. market.” “That’s not something that we can stand for,” Freeland said. “It’s important for Boeing to appreciate that we will be reviewing our military procurement in light of this.” It’s some of the toughest language the minister has used in defending Bombardier’s interests in the days following a U.S. government hearing into Boeing’s claims of unfairness. WATCH: Shakeup at Bombardier as Beaudoin steps down as executive chair The spat comes at an awkward time for Boeing. The Canadian government has been preparing to sole-source 18 Boeing Super Hornet fighter jets as a stop-gap measure before running a full competition to replace the country’s aging fleet of CF-18s. The Liberals say the Super Hornets, which internal estimates suggest could cost as much as $2 billion, are urgently needed. But it now appears the deal could be in peril. “This is a developing situation. I have every confidence that it will be resolved to the satisfaction of Canada, the U.S., Bombardier and Boeing,” Freeland told Kapelos. But she added that Canada will “be very strong and very firm in defending Canadian companies, and above all, in defending Canadian workers … I think that’s what Canadians expect.” Mexico-bound As the aerospace controversy unfolds, Freeland is also heading to Mexico this week to discuss renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). Freeland re-iterated that Ottawa wants to sit down with the United States and Mexico at the same time to rejig the trade deal, not deal bilaterally with each country. “The important thing to remember about NAFTA is that it is a trilateral agreement. And so I think it really makes sense that the negotiation be a trilateral negotiation,” Freeland said. “That’s certainly the approach that we’re taking.” Watch the full interview with Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland above.  © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error Boeing Bombardier Boeing super hornet Bombardier Inc. Canada -U.S. Trade Canada defence procurement Canada trade Chrystia Freeland Donald Trump NAFTA The West Block vassy kapelos Editor's Picks Canada Here's how much more you could be paying for fuel when the carbon tax goes into effect World Donald Trump this week: Comey, Russia and a memo Canada ‘Staggering’: Ontario filled more opioid prescriptions than ever before amid overdose 'crisis’ Canada 'Butterfly boy' Jonathan Pitre overjoyed after success of experimental treatment Consumer Proposed airline passenger rights won’t mean an end to overbooking: experts 25th amendment There's a process to remove incapable presidents, but it probably won't be used on Trump — yet Fake News Beware reports based on screenshotted tweets — here's why (again) FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now Gay hockey player disappointed in Ryan Getzlaf's apology over inappropriate slur 9563 Sea lion pulls young girl into water off Steveston Wharf in Richmond, B.C. 3450 Dozens of students walk out of Mike Pence's Notre Dame commencement speech 3191 Sunday snooze: Commerce secretary Wilbur Ross nods off during Trump speech 2156 Prince Harry sneaks Meghan Markle into Pippa Middleton wedding reception 1555 Sponsored content Popular Videos 2 people gunned down in southeast Calgary shopping plaza WATCH NOW ‘I’m not giving up because I didn’t do anything wrong’: SNL’s Trump sings ‘Hallelujah’ WATCH NOW Sea lion snatches small girl off harbour dock in Richmond, BC WATCH NOW Heartwarming photo shows dog refusing to leave owner after head injury WATCH NOW North Korea launches its most successful missile test to date WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us @ Newsletter Youtube Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video UPDATE 1-Dassault hopes to sell more Rafales to India Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Sun May 21, 2017 | 10:31am EDT UPDATE 1-Dassault hopes to sell more Rafales to India (Adds details, background, quotes) By Cyril Altmeyer GENEVA May 21 French planemaker Dassault Aviation SA hopes to start talks with India by the end of the year for additional sales of its Rafale fighter jet, before full negotiations in 2018, Chief Executive Eric Trappier said in Geneva on Sunday. He also said the company was awaiting more information on Canada's search for fighter planes. Canada said on Thursday it was reviewing plans to buy military equipment from Boeing Co after the U.S. planemaker launched a trade complaint alleging that Canada's Bombardier Inc had dumped jets into the U.S. market. In November, Canada said it wanted to buy 18 Boeing Super Hornets as a stopgap measure while it prepared a competition to replace its aging fleet of fighter jets. According to industry sources, the Canadian government has also held talks with Eurofighter, Lockheed Martin and Saab. "We are in a phase where I do not know (...) if they are still in a tender in which we are a part or if they are negotiating on a one-to-one basis," Trappier told Reuters on the sidelines of the Ebace business aviation fair. In India, where Dassault Aviation signed a long-awaited contract for 36 Rafale fighter jets in September 2016, Trappier said it was working on an additional order for the air force as well as a tender for 57 planes for the navy. Boeing is also competing the Indian naval deal. "There is no negotiation, we are not there yet: we are waiting for a one-to-one discussion," Trappier said, hoping to start talks this year before full-fledged negotiations in 2018. (Reporting by Cyril Altmeyer; Writing by Sybille de La Hamaide; Editing by Elaine Hardcastle and Mark Potter) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News Ford to replace CEO Mark Fields with James Hakett - Forbes May 22 Ford Motor Co Chief Executive Mark Fields will leave the carmaker as part of a shake-up that includes other top executive changes, Forbes reported late on Sunday, citing a person familiar with the situation. UPDATE 1-UK Stocks-Factors to watch on May 22 May 22 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening up 15 points at 7,486 on Monday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures up 0.52 percent ahead of the cash market open. Aegon sells some U.S. operations to boost solvency AMSTERDAM, May 22 Aegon, the Dutch-based insurer that does most of its business in the United States, said on Monday it would sell some U.S. operations to Wilton Re to boost its financial strength under Europe's new Solvency II regime for insurers. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz Air War: America's F-15 vs. China's J-10 (Who Wins in a Shootout?) Kris Osborn May 21, 2017 TweetShareShare The Air Force is revving up electronic warfare upgrades for its F-15 fighter as a way to better protect against enemy fire and electronic attacks, service officials said. Boeing has secured a $478 million deal to continue work on a new technology called with a system called the Eagle Passive Active Warning Survivability System, or EPAWSS. “This allows the aircraft to identify a threat and actively prosecute that threat through avoidance, deception or jamming techniques,” Mike Gibbons, Vice President of the Boeing F-15 program, told Scout Warrior in an interview a few months ago. These updated EW capabilities replace the Tactical Electronic Warfare Suite, which has been used since the 1980s, not long after the F-15 first deployed. The service plans to operate the fleet until the mid-2040’s, so an overhaul of the Eagle’s electronic systems helps maintain U.S. air supremacy, the contract announcement said. Boeing won the initial contract for the EPAWSS project last year  and hired BAE Systems as the primary subcontractor. Overall, the US Air Force is vigorously upgrading the 1980s-era F-15 fighter by giving new weapons and sensors in the hope of maintaining air-to-air superiority over the Chinese J-10 equivalent. The multi-pronged effort not only includes the current addition of electronic warfare technology but also extends to super-fast high-speed computers, infrared search and track enemy targeting systems, increased networking ability and upgraded weapons-firing capability, Air Force and Boeing officials said. “The Air Force plans to keep the F-15 fleet in service until the mid-2040’s.  Many of the F-15 systems date back to the 1970’s and must be upgraded if the aircraft is to remain operationally effective. Various upgrades will be complete as early as 2021 for the F-15C AESA (Active Electronically Scanned Array) radar and as late as 2032 for the various EW (electronic warfare) upgrades,” Air Force spokesman Maj. Rob Leese told Scout Warrior a few months ago. The Air Force currently operates roughly 400 F-15C, D and E variants. A key impetus for the upgrade was well articulate in a Congressional report on the US and China in 2014. (US-China Economic and Security Review Commission --www.uscc.gov). Among other things, the report cited rapid Chinese technological progress and explained that the US margin of superiority has massively decreased since the 1980s. As an example, the report said that in the 1980s, the US F-15 was vastly superior to the Chinese equivalent – the J-10. However, Chinese technical advances in recent years have considerably narrowed that gap to the point where the Chinese J-10 is now roughly comparable to the US F-15, the report explained. Air Force and Boeing developers maintain that ongoing upgrades to the F-15 will ensure that this equivalence is not the case and that, instead, they will ensure the superiority of the F-15. Among the upgrades is an ongoing effort to equip the F-15 with the fastest jet-computer processer in the world, called the Advanced Display Core Processor, or ADCPII. “It is capable of processing 87 billion instructions per second of computing throughput, translating into faster and more reliable mission processing capability for an aircrew,” Boeing spokesman Randy Jackson told Scout Warrior. High tech targeting and tracking technology is also being integrated onto the F-15, Gibbons added. This includes the addition of a passive long-range sensor called Infrared Search and Track, or IRST. The technology is also being engineered into the Navy F-18 Super Hornet. The technology can detect the heat signature, often called infrared emissions, of enemy aircraft. “The system can simultaneously track multiple targets and provide a highly effective air-to-air targeting capability, even when encountering advanced threats equipped with radar-jamming technology,” Navy officials said. IRST also provides an alternate air-to-air targeting system in a high threat electronic attack environment, Navy, Air Force and industry developers said. The F-15 is also being engineered for additional speed and range, along with weapons-firing ability. The weapons-carrying ability is being increased from 8 up to 16 weapons; this includes an ability to fire an AIM-9x or AIM-120 missile. In addition, upgrades to the aircraft include adding an increased ability to integrate or accommodate new emerging weapons systems as they become available. This is being done through both hardware and software-oriented “open standards” IP protocol and architecture. The aircraft is also getting a “fly-by-wire” automated flight control system. “Fly by wire means when the pilot provides the input - straight to a computer than then determines how to have the aircraft perform the way it wants - provides electrical signals for the more quickly and more safely move from point to point as opposed to using a mechanical controls stick,” Gibbons explained. Along with these weapons upgrades and other modifications, the F-15 is also getting upgrades to the pilot’s digital helmet and some radar signature reducing, or stealthy characteristics. However, at the same time, the F-15 is not a stealthy aircraft and is expected to be used in combat environments in what is called “less contested” environments where the Air Force already has a margin of air superiority over advanced enemy air defenses. For this reason, the F-15 will also be increasing networked so as to better support existing 5th-generation platforms such as the F-22 and F-35, Air Force officials said. Pages 1 2 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: RegionsAsia More stories by: Kris Osborn How Kosovo Poisoned America's Relationship with Russia The Kosovo intervention set terrible precedents that have come back to haunt the West. Ted Galen Carpenter Why America Shouldn't Buy North Korea's Empty Threats Firing short- and medium-range rockets into the Sea of Japan is hardly evidence Pyongyang can strike the Western Hemisphere. Robert E Kelly How to Botch a Peace Deal with Israel 101 Trump's foreign-policy team should not contemplate any deal with Israel unless that deal clearly advances U.S. interests. Michael Singh Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Place an advert Buy a photo Plus Rewards Puzzles Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport What's On Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating ALL Ashbourne News Crime Education Business Health Politics Jobs News Letters Transport Bygones Business Awards Lifestyle TV Just what are those weird noises you hear on a plane? By jilldcfc  |  Posted: May 21, 2017 By Jill Gallone   2 COMMENTS   SHARES Comments (2) Jetting off any day soon? Bit nervous? Join the club. There are few people who don't feel a dash of jeopardy when stepping on to a plane because, as safe as they are, it just feels so unnatural to be floating through the clouds at 33,000ft. Derbeians of a nervous disposition may find their knuckles gripping the seat rests all too firmly, especially when they hear any unusual clanking noises. Is that an engine falling off or just a wing disintegrating? And is that crazy swooshing sound all the oxygen being sucked out of the cabin? Our imaginations can run wild but, rather than order a double vodka, a little education may help to ease your anxiety before your next trip. So fasten your seatbelts and hear from the experts. A pilot with Monarch, which operates several flights from Birmingham Airport, has revealed just what the noises you hear on board a plane are. It gets a tad technical but is rather reassuring. Here goes: TRAVEL INFO: What actually happens if you miss your flight? As you walk on to the plane You'll hear the airflow from cabin fans filtering and circulating air. Most airports – Spanish ones in particular – insist planes connect to their ground air conditioning units, a local noise abatement restriction. While quiet for the airport, they are not very effective in the cabin, where the temperature can rise uncomfortably at times. Eventually, planes have to use their own air conditioning system, which involves starting the auxiliary power unit (APU) in the aircraft tail. If you board at the rear, you will know all about the roar from the APU, but it does provide a flow of air which is used at this stage for air conditioning, by switching on one of the air conditioning units or "packs" under the middle of the aircraft. As you board or disembark, you will hear the noise from the pack. Depending on the exact type of pack, some howl like banshees, whilst others emit a muffled roar. Airbus packs tend to be noisier than Boeing ones. While you're taking your seats At this stage, you may hear noises from under the aircraft floor. This is the loading of the baggage. Just before departure You'll hear a high-pitched whine from a hydraulic pump under the wing, as it drives each hold door to the closed position. Boeing 737s do not make this noise as their holds are closed manually. Just before departure, cabin crew will be using their interphone system to pass their checks to the cabin manager, and there will be frequent bing bong sounds as they do so. You will hear that same sound several times right through until disembarking, as they pass information back and forth. Once cleared to push back, rotating beacons in the middle of the aircraft are turned on. If the cabin is quiet, you might hear them. When the plane stops, we set the park brake and, on some Airbus aircraft, there is an audible clunk from under the floor just behind the wing when we do so. We normally start one engine during push-back and the other during taxi to save fuel. As we do so, the conditioning air is diverted to the engine starter motor, so the cabin is briefly quieter. Every engine type has its own sound during start and take-off. The IAE engines on A321s start very smoothly and quietly, though the automatic start sequence is quite long. The RR Trents on A330s are similar. The CFM56 on A320s start very quickly, and the dull rumble of idle power is soon reached. With one, or both, engines idling the aircraft is configured for departure. You will hear a whine as the slats and flaps run out on the wing. TRAVEL INFO: How quickly can you renew your passport if you're off on holiday? Now we are cleared to taxi. If on two engines, idle power is normally all that is needed. On one engine we will almost certainly need to apply power to move: we pick a suitable power setting and then leave it until we are able to return to somewhere around idle power. Cabin air noise changes with significant power change, as well as the noise from the engine itself, which is more noticeable in the rear left cabin. For passenger comfort, we avoid changing the power settings continually. After starting the second engine during taxi out, with the attendant change in cabin air and engine noise, Airbus travellers are treated to the "barking dog". The aircraft's three hydraulic systems are now all up and running, and the power transfer unit (PTU) integrates them. This results in a series of yelping sounds, usually three, coming from under the aircraft floor, as the three systems take their normal load. No two Airbus aircraft make exactly the same sound and you never hear it on a Boeing. This is quite normal for Airbus. Once cleared for take-off, you will hear the announcement: "Cabin crew seats for take-off please", and we then run our final take-off checks. We turn the air conditioning off at this stage and quiet descends. Taking off On take-off we apply an initial power of about 50% and wait for both engines to stabilise, then set take-off power. In the forward cabin, you will mainly hear engine fan noise; in the rear you will notice the roar from the exhausts. At the same time, the pressurisation system automatically reconfigures for flight, which reduces the airflow sound in the cabin. There will be the occasional thump-thump-thump as the nose wheel runs over the runway centreline lights. In the air Once airborne, we select landing gear up. On some larger aircraft, with more complicated landing gear, this has been unkindly described as sounding like all the toilets in the world being flushed at once but, on the A320/321 and the Boeing 737, it's a much simpler affair. The wheel doors temporarily open, which results in aerodynamic noise as well as the sound of the hydraulic system driving the heavy gear up into the retracted and locked position, and then they close: the aerodynamic noise reduces. With the wheels up the cabin emergency exit lights extinguish, accompanied by a single chime. We maintain take-off power usually up to 1000ft, and then reduce to climb power. The first air conditioning pick is switched back on, so cabin air noise returns. Flap retraction starts, and you will hear the hydraulic system driving the flaps in. The second pack is switched on, and the air noise increases a little further. There is a rumble as the landing lights retract. Shortly afterwards, we normally announce: 'Cabin crew, you are released', to allow them to leave their seats and start their service. TRAVEL INFO: The holiday destinations where you get the most for your pounds During the flight If we have to level off at intermediate altitudes, then engine power will reduce, increasing again as we climb further, and cabin air noise will change in the same way. If air traffic control are being kind, we will have a continuous climb, in which case the engine and air conditioning noise will remain constant until we reach cruising altitude. As aircraft weight reduces during the cruise, we may climb further. Apart from that, the noise in the cabin should remain fairly constant. Get ready for landing In an ideal world we would reduce power to idle at top of descent and leave it there all the way down to about five miles from touchdown. Unfortunately, it rarely happens like that nowadays and we will usually have to level off at various points in the descent. Engine and cabin air noise will vary as we do so. Air traffic control requires specific speeds and rates of descent on the way down, so in addition to changes in engine power, we may need to use speed brakes on the wing. These can produce a rumble and a slight buffeting, particularly in the rear of the aircraft. We avoid speed brakes if at all possible but, with today's congested skies, it is rarely possible. INSPIRATION: The holiday destinations where prices have PLUMMETED in 2017 As we start our approach, we are frequently required to avoid flying level for noise reasons, so continually change our rate of descent – with the resultant change in engine and cabin air noise. As we extend the flaps, there will be the same aerodynamic rumble and the whine of the hydraulic system. With the engines at lower power on the approach, you will be more aware of other noises. If there is turbulence you will hear the cabin fittings creaking and rattling, and you may see the overhead bins moving slightly. This is normal - and designed to happen. At about five miles from landing, we select the gear down. The wheel doors open with aerodynamic and hydraulic noise, until the gear is locked down and the emergency exit lights illuminate with a single chime. On the Boeing 737, the landing gear is not hydraulically powered down, but rather drops through a combination of gravity and clever aerodynamics on the gear doors. The hydraulics whine as we select landing flap. Once down, you will feel a slight buffet. If you are in the front of the cabin, you will probably hear sounds from the flight deck. When the autopilot is switched off, there is a distinctive triple sound which Airbus calls "cavalry charge". A horn sounds as we approach our desired altitude. A synthetic voice calls out specific heights above the runway. On landing, we do not select full reverse thrust if conditions, and runway length, permit, which makes for a quieter landing roll. If we do use full reverse thrust, we cancel it as we slow towards taxi speed. For safety reasons, flaps and speed brakes normally remain extended until we vacate the runway, and then we "clean up" – all are retracted, with accompanying hydraulic noises. We start the APU and then normally shut down the right engine. HELPFUL INFO: Worried about terrorism? Here's where to stay safe on holiday As we halt, we set the parking brake - an audible clunk - and shut down the engines. There will be some clicks and flickers as the APU generator takes over from the engine. Shortly afterwards, the air conditioning pack will be switched off, ground power will be plugged in, the APU will be selected off and relative peace and quiet will descend. As you leave the aircraft by the forward steps you might hear a ticking sound from the freewheeling engine fans. NEED A NEW JOB TO FUND TRAVEL DREAMS? Check out our jobs website here Report this article Read more from Derby Telegraph Most Recent Most Commented Derby could be hotter than Tenerife this weekend - but will it... Graphic content: New rules to prevent young people from taking up... Nine-year jail sentence for pool cue assault in Derbyshire that... 'Pregnant General Election candidate will be too busy changing... Spot checks on Derby's taxis exposed alarming safety issues Do you think this £4 boys' jumper from Asda is offensive? Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters 2 comments Newest Oldest Best Rated JagBola  |  May 22 2017, 6:22AM For me it is the landing, wings being put into the correct position and the landing gear dropping, also not forget the reverse thrust!!! Squeaky bum time. Phew!!! all is safe!!! | 0 Report Atonius  |  May 21 2017, 6:20PM Well, that's 2 minutes I wont get back. If you hear a screaming and bangs on your seat back, it's the obnoxious snowflake behind you being a nuisance as usual. That's why they should be kept in school during term time. |   -3 Report YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs COMMUNICATION SUPPORT WORKER Salary : £18-£20K DEPENDING ON EXPERIENCE Catering Manager Salary : Undisclosed Multi Skilled Electrical & Mechanical Technician x3 Salary : Undisclosed Multi Skilled Control and Instrumentation Technician x2 Salary : Undisclosed Graphic Designer Salary : Competitive Semi-Skilled Electrical Salary : £7.65 p/h Internal Account Executive Salary : Basic Salary £16,000 plus monthly bonuses Senior Warehouse Operatives / Team Members Salary : £23,000 - £25,000/annum Pension, Package Manufacturing and Process Technical Operators Salary : £23,000 - £25,000 Manufacturing Technicians / Production Line Engineers Salary : £31,500 Shift Maintenance Technicians Salary : £36,500 Exams Officer/General Administrator Salary : Scale 5 (range 22 - 25 £20,661 to £22,658 FTE) Food Technology Technician Salary : Scale 2, Point 12 (range 12 – 14) £16,123 - £16,781 per annum Cover Supervisor Salary : Scale 4, point 18 (range 18-21 £18,070 - £20,138) Pastoral Support Assistant Salary : Scale 5 (range 22 - 25 £20,661 to £22,658 FTE) General Administrator Salary : Scale 3 (range 14-17 £16,481 - £17,547 FTE) TEACHING ASSISTANTS Salary : Point 11-17 (£15,807- £17,772 full time equivalent for 52 wks) actual pay calculated on 44.28 weeks. School Nurse Salary : Scale 5 point 24 (Range 22-25) FTE £21,745 Content Writer Salary : Around £20,000 Laboratory Technician Salary : Undisclosed Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Business Crime Politics Entertainment Education Health Jobs news Transport Have Your Say Polls Sport Football Derby County Burton Albion Rugby Cricket Other Sports Park Life Steve Nicholson Our Site Advertise With Us Video Jobs Dating How to complain Corrections and Clarifications Letters Promotions Buy and Sell Notices Buy a Photo Cars Property Classifieds Places Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Attractions Pubs and Bars Hairdressers Sport and Leisure Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Plumbers Legal Services Taxis and Vehicle Hire Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
Boeing challenge of Bombardier 'lousy customer relations': ambassador | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Park death Caleches Sea lion Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Boeing challenge of Bombardier 'lousy customer relations': ambassador Laura Payton, Ottawa News Bureau Online Producer @laura_payton Published Sunday, May 21, 2017 7:00AM EDT OTTAWA -- Canada's ambassador to the U.S. says he was only given an hour's notice by Boeing that it was about to challenge Bombardier under American anti-dumping rules, calling it lousy customer relations for a company hoping the government will buy its aircraft. Last week, the U.S. Commerce department launched an investigation against Bombardier, a major player in Canada's aerospace industry, at the request of its competitor, Boeing. Boeing is asking that Bombardier be levied countervailing duties of 79.41 per cent and anti-dumping duties of 79.82 per cent on American imports of Bombardier's large civilian aircraft. David MacNaughton, Canada's ambassador to the United States, says he spent years in business and learned that if companies treat their customers well, the customers return the favour. "I told Boeing pretty directly that I thought it was pretty lousy customer relations to give us one hour's notice before they had the Commerce Department launch this kind of an investigation," MacNaughton said in an interview with Evan Solomon, host of CTV's Question Period. Representatives from Boeing happened to be at the embassy meeting with officials when they told him about the complaint, MacNaughton said. "I found it to be a bit much and frankly, I think some of the U.S. companies that have got onto the trade protectionist rhetoric need to start thinking about the integration of our supply chains, need to help keep open trade and actually realize that Canada is a pretty big customer to some of these companies," he said. The Canadian government had planned to purchase 18 Boeing Super Hornet fighter jets, but Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland issued a statement Thursday night to say it's now reviewing its military procurement with respect to the company. "We strongly disagree with the U.S. Department of Commerce's decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations into imports of Canadian large civil aircraft," Freeland said in the statement. "Boeing's petition is clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier's new aircraft, the CSeries, from entering the U.S. market. Boeing admits it does not compete with exports of the CS100 aircraft, so it is all the more difficult to see these allegations as legitimate, particularly with the dominance of the Boeing 737 family in the U.S. market." 'Rather strange' MacNaughton said he wasn't making a threat, but didn't find the late notice "to be a particularly helpful thing in terms of building a strong relationship." "I do find it rather strange that a company like Boeing, that talked to me some weeks ago about how much they value the relationship with Canada, would be causing this kind of an action to be happening at the same time as they are negotiating with us on a major purchase of their military air craft," he said. MacNaughton said Canada has back-up plans in case NAFTA negotiations and softwood lumber court processes fail, but wouldn't say what they are. Conservative trade critic Gerry Ritz said the threat to ditch Boeing gives the government a chance to step back from last fall's announcement that it would buy the Super Hornets as a stop-gap measure ahead of a competition to replace Canada's aging F-18 fighter jets. "It gives the government a chance to remove themselves from a political decision that nobody agrees with," Ritz said. New Democrat MP Nathan Cullen said he's worried the government is using the military as a pawn. "I didn't think procurement could get any more screwed up," he said. "I don't know whether to take them seriously, as if they're actually prepared to go through [with the threat to cancel the Boeing purchase]. Matt DeCourcey, Freeland's parliamentary secretary, says the government is working to address "a capability gap in our military." Ritz and Cullen dispute whether there is such a gap. "The point that Canadians need to understand here is that we are going to stick up for the aerospace industry, as we will stick up for Canadian interests across sectors," DeCourcey said. Related Stories Ottawa to review Boeing military bids in Canada after battle with Bombardier Trudeau swats away Super Hornet questions amid Boeing-Bombardier dispute Super Hornets likely cheaper than F-35s, finance officials told Morneau Photos Canada's Ambassador to the U.S. David MacNaughton, speaks on CTV's Question Period. (CTV QP) Canada’s ambassador to the U.S. David MacNaughton speaks during a press conference in Nova Scotia, Wednesday, April 19, 2017. Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News for Sunday, May 21, 2017 Air Date: May 21, 2017 false CTV National News: Viral sea lion video Air Date: May 21, 2017 false CTV National News: Trump's speech Air Date: May 21, 2017 false Sea lion snatches little girl into water Air Date: May 21, 2017 false CTV National News: Thunder Bay police Air Date: May 21, 2017 false CTV National News: Curtain closes Air Date: May 21, 2017 false CTV National News: Small town Uber Air Date: May 21, 2017 false CTV News Channel: 'Got a little too comfortable' Air Date: May 21, 2017 false 8-year-old boy found dead in Ont. provincial park Air Date: May 22, 2017 false Family launches hospital lawsuit and wins $5.2M Air Date: May 21, 2017 false CTV National News: GPS tracker Air Date: May 20, 2017 false CTV National News: Rick Hansen opens up Air Date: May 21, 2017 More stories from Politics NEW Boeing challenge of Bombardier 'lousy customer relations': ambassador Decriminalize pot ahead of legalizing it, Jagmeet Singh urges PM Trudeau Stakes high as ballot count looms for B.C. election Canada's former spymaster says 'decent chance' of Trump-Comey tapes Roger Tasse, architect of Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms, dies at 85 U.S. intends to name Kelly Knight Craft as Ambassador to Canada Join the conversation... Advertisement Featured Politics false CTV's Question Period Canada's top weekly Sunday morning political program false Power Play Don Martin talks to people and players who dominate the political scene. Facebook Power Play Podcast Recorded in Ottawa featuring all the political news and issues that matter most. Hosted by CTV’s Don Martin, the program is a must for political insiders. Power Play Podcast Episode #370: Government supports Magnitsky-style law Episode #369: U.S. triggers NAFTA renegotiation process and Don Martin’s Last Word Episode #368: Calls to impeach President Trump CTV Power Play Podcast on iTunes Facebook QP Podcast Listen and subscribe to the CTV Question Period Podcast to get your weekly fix of political news. QP Podcast #193: Will Canada hit back after Boeing's trade challenge? QP Podcast #192: Freeland 'enthusiastic' to begin NAFTA re-negotiation talks QP Podcast #191: Goodale says more troops to help with flood relief QP Podcast #190: Reacting to Trump's trade tirade on Canada's dairy industry QP Podcast #189: The politics of pot: Liberal's marijuana legalization plan sparks debate iTunes: Subscribe now to the QP Podcast CANADA Rising temperatures and melting snow increase flood fears in Okanagan Police watchdog review to include two recent cases of Indigenous youth Two charged with murder of missing Toronto-area woman WORLD Graft trial of former South Korea president to begun Tuesday Texas revives transgender 'bathroom bill' for public schools Indonesia police continue crack down on gay community in Jakarta ENTERTAINMENT Adam Sandler earns raves at Cannes Film Fest Clint Eastwood, 86, says he might act again 'someday' Prince Harry brings girlfriend Meghan Markle to wedding fest HEALTH Cash-strapped WHO spends big on travel: AP Speeding up sepsis care can save lives, study suggests 113 Albertans die from fentanyl overdoses in first quarter of 2017 POLITICS NEW Boeing challenge of Bombardier 'lousy customer relations': ambassador Decriminalize pot ahead of legalizing it, Jagmeet Singh urges PM Trudeau Stakes high as ballot count looms for B.C. election SCI-TECH Ruins of 5,000-year-old city Mohenjo Daro at risk in Pakistan Swiss vote to ditch nuclear power for renewable energy New Zealand space launch has nation reaching for the stars BUSINESS Asian stocks track Wall Streets rally despite global worries Cathay Pacific laying off 600 as it blames 'rising pressure' Via Rail changes wheelchair policy to allow shared tie-down spots AUTOS Ford replacing CEO in push to transform business Museum featuring classic Mazdas opens in Germany L.L. Bean's newest Bootmobile is kicking it in Japan SPORTS Bradley hits last-second shot as Celtics stun Cavaliers 111-108 Penguins down Senators 7-0 in Game 5 for 3-2 series lead Estrada fans 12 as Blue Jays beat Orioles 3-1 to avoid sweep Lifestyle Brazilian 'mermaids' ride quirky fashion wave India's pampered pets lap up treatments like acupuncture, cleanses Art community remains divided over Caravaggio found in French attic CTV News on the Go false Trump gives speech on terrorism Sea lion snatches little girl into water Ringling Bros circus takes final bow In Pictures   The 2017 Billboard Music Awards red carpet 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Pippa Middleton weds financier in high society wedding Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, May 22, 2017, 2:01 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Boeing says all design snags resolved for its oft-delayed Air Force refueler By DOMINIC GATES THE SEATTLE TIMES This article was published May 21, 2017 at 1:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size SEATTLE -- Since wresting the Air Force KC-46 tanker contract away from rival Airbus in 2011, Boeing has struggled through $1 billion in cost overruns and written off $1.7 billion in costs to fix multiple design problems. Yet company officials, leading journalists on a tour of its tanker facilities in Everett, Wash., last week, offered assurances that the program is now on track. "We expect to hand it over late this year," said Boeing's KC-46 program manager Mike Gibbons about the first of the modified 767s. Journalists got an up-close look for the first time at the new boom the tanker uses to deliver fuel, which has now proved itself more than 1,000 times in flight-test contacts with refueling aircraft. A test pilot and a boom operator described new features of the air-to-air refueling system and how it's been working during flight tests. Gibbons said the design is final and only certification testing remains, giving him "good confidence" that Boeing's tanker troubles are finally behind it. The first tanker to be delivered to the Air Force should be ready to fly around October and will be delivered to the Air Force soon after, he said. That implies a very compressed schedule for follow-on deliveries, would appear to be a daunting challenge for the company. A March report by the U.S. Government Accountability Office said Boeing is committed to hand over 18 operational tankers to the Air Force by February 2018. The first four production tankers are undergoing very extensive rework to incorporate changes to the design that came after the planes were initially assembled. Gibbons said Boeing is determined to deliver those 18 initial tankers to the Air Force fully operational and with all modifications complete by the deadline. The Air Force wants 179 of Boeing's air-to-air refueling tankers, which are based on a customized version of the 767 commercial jet. The full contract, worth more than $40 billion to Boeing, has faced numerous setbacks and delays. The government capped the development cost of the program at $4.9 billion, but according to the Government Accountability Office report Boeing has already spent about $1 billion above that ceiling. It has to swallow that cost overrun and hope for profits later. At the south end of Paine Field in Everett, Boeing has allocated all of a huge aircraft modification center exclusively to the tanker. One of the four planes on display last week, unlike the others, was already painted when it got to the modification center, a sign that it had arrived in a more complete state. Completing certification of the aircraft by the Federal Aviation Administration "is our current challenge," Gibbons said. "The certification effort is going along more slowly than originally anticipated," he said. "But the design is very good and very stable." Ron "Taco" Johnston, an ex-military pilot who also flew 767s for United Airlines, is the chief test pilot on Boeing's tanker program. He said that from a pilot's perspective, despite the large boom sticking out the back like some insect proboscis, the jet handles just like any commercial 767. Boeing has made more than 1,000 refueling contacts with multiple aircraft, from small fighters to big transport planes, and dispensed 30,000 gallons of fuel during test flights. The KC-46 tanker has also itself received fuel from the bigger, older-model KC-10 tanker. The plane has elaborate protection systems so that it's capable of flying into a combat zone. It has infrared and radio-frequency equipment that can either bathe an incoming missile in radiated heat to throw it off its trajectory, or jam its electronics. In addition, the pilot is linked into the Air Force situational awareness network, which means instruments will indicate which other planes are in the vicinity, what's on the ground, and whether an enemy radar has locked on to the plane's position. And Johnston explained how, given a combat alert, the crew can push a button on the bottom of the fuselage to start the auxiliary power unit that will turn on the aircraft's systems, then enter the jet through a hatch, climb up a ladder into the cockpit, and take off in just 10 minutes. The Air Force is mightily impressed with the tanker's capabilities, the Boeing officials said. The difficult task ahead is getting the planes built to the new schedule and without more profit-zapping overruns. SundayMonday Business on 05/21/2017 Print Headline: Boeing says all design snags resolved for its oft-delayed Air Force refueler Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business BUSINESS AWARDS BUSINESS PEOPLE Business news in brief On the Agenda Boeing says all design snags resolved for its... NW BUSINESS PEOPLE INCORPORATIONS State jobless rate dips to 3.5%, U.S. says State touts foreign-investment growth More Business stories > Comments on: Boeing says all design snags resolved for its oft-delayed Air Force refueler To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Graduates walk out on Pence at Notre Dame commencement (13 comments) The monkey and the machine gun (16 comments) Paper: Trump told Russians 'nut job' fired (32 comments) In memo: Let Flynn 'go'; Comey put entreaty by Trump in his notes (64 comments) Ex-U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner pleads guilty in sexting case (3 comments) New Orleans removes Lee statue (20 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Scroll.in - Scroll.in Subscribe to Mailers Feedback Get the Android app Blog About Readers' Editor Letters to the Editor Our tech Jobs Terms of use Privacy Policy Home Video The Latest The Reel The Field Magazine Pulse In Pictures Bookshop Trending Jamshedpur: Curfew imposed in four areas after fresh clashes over lynching of Muslim men ‘These people do not know hunger’: An author struggles to make sense of the Jharkhand lynchings The curious case of Sanjiv Goenka’s views on MS Dhoni, and what it tells us about him and journalism Watch: The cool cola advertisement they will never run in India (because it will offend morals) The Trump gag rule hits India: Organisations asked to declare they do not provide abortion services From Rs 2 crore to Rs 5 crore: India’s Grade A cricketers could get 150% hike if Kumble has his way When Sivagami wanted to destroy Mahishmathi: The ‘Baahubali’ character gets a back story ‘Would you also like to take us over and occupy our lands?’: A Kashmiri who questioned both sides Nobody in India is as mad about mangoes as the Sheherwali Jains of Bengal IPL 10 Final, MI vs RPS as it happened: Mumbai Indians pull off a miraculous one-run win Sections Opinion Politics Culture India World Film and TV Music Books and Ideas Business and Economy Science and Technology Subscribe to Mailers Feedback Get the Android app Blog About Readers' Editor Letters to the Editor Our tech Jobs Terms of use Privacy Policy ECONOMIC INDICATORS Forget One Belt One Road, India should worry that China’s competitor to Boeing, Airbus has taken off The maiden flight of C919, China’s first domestically produced passenger jet, signals the country is well on the road to technological prominence. Akshat Khandelwal Published May 20, 2017.   AFP May 20, 2017.   Akshat Khandelwal Share Tweet Email Reddit Print Share Tweet Email Reddit Print India’s boycott of the China-led One Belt One Road or OBOR initiative last week betrays an anxiety on part of the Indian establishment. As a culmination of the unprecedented economic rise of the Middle Kingdom, OBOR is China’s version of the Marshall Plan – the extremely successful business stimulus launched by the United States to power West European recovery following World War II. OBOR seeks to fund over a trillion dollars’ worth of projects in more than 60 countries across Eurasia and the Asia Pacific. New Delhi’s concerns are not limited to the $50 billion Chinese Pakistan Economic Corridor – a product of OBOR – which blatantly challenges India’s security and sovereignty concerns through its presence in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir. For the Indian media, OBOR symbolises China’s transformation into a superpower and therefore has made many a talking head nervous. However, recently the Indian media missed a more obvious indicator of China’s growing industrial prominence than OBOR. On May 5, China’s answer to Boeing’s 737 and Airbus’s A320 airliners – the C919 – made its maiden flight. The C919 symbolises much more than OBOR that China has a clear pathway to technological prominence – the distinction today held largely by Germany, Japan and the United States. This should worry India on two counts – because it once again outlines the qualitative gap between India’s and China’s industrial progress, and because it is a thorough indictment of India’s development strategy. The quality of production Progress in industry depends on the sophistication of production and technological know-how that a country’s manufacturing sector is able to master. In other words, there is a profound difference between making semiconductors and clothes. Textiles are easy to make largely because the technical know-how for large-scale textile production is easy to master. Thus, this depresses prices and subsequently the wages. On the other hand, making semiconductors requires superior technical know-how, and heavy capital investment. Such activities ensure that wages stay high and jobs secure, since very few can emulate this kind of economic activity and capital investment. This is the reason why silicon wafers – a crucial component in the semiconductor chip – built for the smartphone industry come mostly from just two companies in Japan. This is also the reason why there has effectively been a world duopoly of Airbus and Boeing in the making of passenger airliners. The capital investment, technical know-how and training of workforce required in these niche but crucial industries is simply too much of a barrier for anyone else to get in. This makes China’s entry into the airline industry extremely interesting. The successful production of the C919, while currently based on foreign technology and components, is a great start for the Chinese to cross the last mile of economic transformation, which requires mastery in industries with extremely difficult know-how and high capital expenditure. Why India must worry The profound success in indigenous manufacturing by China has to serve as a stern lesson for India. It is quite fundamentally at odds with the industrial strategy of India under both the previous United Progressive Alliance government, and the Modi dispensation. For one, it exhibits the prominent role of the Chinese state in the country’s development. The C919 has been manufactured by COMAC, or the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China, a state-owned entity. China’s essential strategy has been to court Boeing and Airbus to set up shop with the promise of orders, and utilise their presence within the country to transfer technology to local players. The Chinese state is now practically guaranteeing a domestic market for the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China to grow, thereby cushioning it from foreign competition till it can stand on its feet to match Boeing and Airbus in the international market. While such a strategy may surprise most believers of the conventional view of globalisation, free trade and free market, seasoned China viewers are used to it. China’s strategy to build competitive advantage in the aerospace industry is all too similar to its approach in other industries in the past. The state ensures adequate consolidation of labour, land and entrepreneurial talent, and combines it with assistance in foreign technology-transfer and subsidised financing. Such industrial mercantilism has ensured that the Chinese today produce more steel than the rest of the world combined, produce the largest number of cars, rule the world markets in machinery for construction and mining and are basically the world’s final assembly point for electronic goods. If China is to avoid the middle-income trap, it has to relentlessly focus on improving productivity. The key to productivity is to become adept at sophisticated manufacturing, where technical know-how and high capital investment matters more than labour costs. The Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China and the success of C919 is a sign of the Chinese leveraging their state-guided development model to this end. However, in obsessing over the OBOR initiative, the discourse in India once again missed the signal for the noise. Yes, the One Belt One Road initiative is audacious in its scope, but China’s determination to carve out a competitive advantage in one of the most intricate industries of today is easily the better guarantor of its economic heft. Akshat Khandelwal is a writer and entrepreneur based out of Delhi. His Twitter handle is @akshat_khan. We welcome your comments at letters@scroll.in. India China OBOR C919 manufacturing industry Print Related Swamy might blame him for wrecking the economy but Raghuram Rajan has actually fixed (some of) it Trending Jamshedpur: Curfew imposed in four areas after fresh clashes over lynching of Muslim men ‘These people do not know hunger’: An author struggles to make sense of the Jharkhand lynchings The curious case of Sanjiv Goenka’s views on MS Dhoni, and what it tells us about him and journalism Watch: The cool cola advertisement they will never run in India (because it will offend morals) The Trump gag rule hits India: Organisations asked to declare they do not provide abortion services
× Thank you for reading! Please log in, sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Thank you for reading 10 free articles on our site. You can come back at the end of your 30-day period for another 10 free articles, or you can purchase a subscription and continue to enjoy valuable local news and information. If you need help, please contact our office at 336-727-7211. Sign Up Log In Current 7 Day Print Subscriber   Add digital to current active 7 day print subscription Monday - Sunday & All Access Best Value Get home delivery of the newspaper every day. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $15.95 $15.95 Monday - Saturday & All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Saturday. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $11.09* $11.09* Existing Subscribers $11.09* Saturday - Monday & All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Saturday - Monday. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $12.69* $12.69* Existing Subscribers $12.69* Sunday Only & All Access Get home delivery of the Sunday newspaper. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $10.05* $10.05* Existing Subscribers $10.05* All Access Only Receive unlimited web and mobile web access to JournalNow.com and get an electronic replica edition every day. New Subscribers $9.99* $9.99* Existing Subscribers $9.99* × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm The following services are print only and offer no digital access Monday - Sunday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper every day. Print Only $15.95 $15.95 Existing Subscribers $15.95 Monday – Saturday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Saturday.  Print Only $10.10 $10.10 Existing Subscribers $10.10 Saturday – Monday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Saturday - Monday. Print Only $11.70 $11.70 Existing Subscribers $11.70 Sunday Only Home Delivery Get home delivery of the Sunday newspaper. Print Only $9.06 $9.06 Existing Subscribers $9.06 × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip E-Edition Special Sections Search Journalnow.com Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Winston-Salem Parent Magazine Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West E-Edition Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Media Kit Advertise Careers Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Special Sections Calendar 65° Overcast Winston-Salem, NC (27101) Today Mainly cloudy. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High near 80F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Scattered thunderstorms in the evening, overcast overnight with occasional rain likely. Low 63F. Winds NNE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Locally heavier rainfall possible. Updated: May 22, 2017 @ 2:28 am Full Forecast Weather sponsored by Blaze Air Search Toggle navigation Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip E-Edition Special Sections Search Journalnow.com Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Winston-Salem Parent Magazine Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West Close 1 of 4 Buy Now Photos by David Rolfe/Journal Rockwell Collins engineers design and test aircraft seating at the company’s Engineering Development Lab at the Oak Plaza campus. Buy Now David Rolfe/Journal A crash test sled at the Rockwell Collins Engineering Development lab simulates the effects of crashes on test dummies. Rockwell Collins designs, engineers and tests airline seating at its Oak Plaza campus off Hanes Mill Road in Winston-Salem. Buy Now David Rolfe/Journal A crash test dummy is strapped into an aircraft seating module on a crash sled, awaiting a test at the Engineering Development lab for Rockwell Collins in Winston-Salem. Buy Now David Rolfe/Journal The Rockwell Collins Seating Products building is in the former B/E Aerospace headquarters at Oak Plaza. B/E Aerospace deal brings depth, aircraft fullness to Rockwell Collins By Richard Craver Winston-Salem Journal rcraver May 20, 2017 (…) Buy Now Photos by David Rolfe/Journal Rockwell Collins engineers design and test aircraft seating at the company’s Engineering Development Lab at the Oak Plaza campus. Buy Now David Rolfe/Journal A crash test sled at the Rockwell Collins Engineering Development lab simulates the effects of crashes on test dummies. Rockwell Collins designs, engineers and tests airline seating at its Oak Plaza campus off Hanes Mill Road in Winston-Salem. Buy Now David Rolfe/Journal A crash test dummy is strapped into an aircraft seating module on a crash sled, awaiting a test at the Engineering Development lab for Rockwell Collins in Winston-Salem. Buy Now David Rolfe/Journal The Rockwell Collins Seating Products building is in the former B/E Aerospace headquarters at Oak Plaza. Rockwell Collins envisioned — at its essence — its $8.6 billion purchase of B/E Aerospace Inc. as connecting the flight deck to the rest of the airplane in terms of becoming a full-package aviation supplier. Rockwell, based in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, is a global leader in flight avionics, cabin electronics, mission communications, simulation and training, and information management systems for commercial, business and military customers. B/E, by contrast, made its mark in fundamental interior operations such as seating, lavatories and galleys. Rockwell hosted its annual media day presentation Wednesday at the legacy B/E interior-aircraft and engineering operations in Winston-Salem. Officials provided hands-on examples of the new link, and gushed over the technology and market share the company has gained since the deal closed April 13. On display were B/E’s seating, food and beverage preparation and storage equipment, lighting and oxygen systems, and modular galley and lavatory systems for commercial airliners and business jets. Rockwell also symbolically opened the door to B/E, which had maintained a limited local profile even as it doubled its workforce in the past nine years to nearly 1,600 — Forsyth County’s 11th largest employer overall and its fifth largest private employer. Rockwell’s local engineering unit, at more than 350 workers, is among the largest such engineering groups in the airline industry. “We can do things better together than we could separately, making connections with customers to give them a full-service option that they didn’t have before, whether interiors for heritage Rockwell customers, or avionics and flight desk for heritage B/E,” said Kelly Ortberg, chairman, chief executive and president of the combined company. “Rockwell Collins is very strong on the front end of the airplane and digital evolution, while B/E brings us closer to the passenger and helps us buffer the cyclical revenue nature of our business.” For example, the company announced separately Wednesday it had made the first customer delivery of a Boeing 737 MAX. Boeing already has more than 3,700 orders. The airplane not only features Rockwell’s 15.1-inch landscape flight displays and flight controls as standard, but also legacy B/E galley and lavatory complex, interior lighting and passenger oxygen systems. “We’ve continued to build upon the trust that Boeing and airlines have placed on Rockwell Collins with each new aircraft that enters the market,” said Werner Lieberherr, the former top local B/E executive and now chief operating officer for Interior Systems for Rockwell. Ortberg highlighted B/E’s reputation for customizing and marketing differentiating interior cabin products as it faces the challenges and opportunities of simultaneously serving more than 20 of the largest domestic and international airline carriers. With the Boeing 737 MAX, Rockwell now offers legacy B/E options on passenger seating, food and beverage preparation, portable oxygen devices and crew masks. In other products, offering a differentiating product could be a color scheme or a trim. Attention to detail Ortberg said Rockwell has been impressed by how the legacy B/E facilities operate in terms of producing quality products while squeezing time, expenses and inefficiency from the process. That attention to detail has enabled legacy B/E to build a production backlog worth more than $9 billion. For example, every weekday begins at 7 a.m. Two hours later, operational managers meet to discuss work progress and potential red flags, even on projects months from the floor. The typical seat design goes through close to 200,000 engineering hours before being turned loose for testing, said Alex Pozzi, head of the local engineer operations. At that point, the seat may go through more than 100,000 test cycles, while more than 1,000 flammability tests are common for some seating fabrics to measure heat release, toxicity and the vertical height of flames. “We want to be on top of all issues right away, because if you’re not aware of them, you can’t resolve them,” said Tom Plant, an operations manager in Rockwell’s engineering and testing facility at its Oak Plaza facility. Lieberherr said operations are focused obsessively on striking the right balance between providing passenger comfort in terms of seating, sleeping arrangements and electronics, and making the best use of every inch “of some of the most expensive real estate there is.” Lieberherr showed a design display in which 7 inches of space could be gained from curving the mid-level wall of the rear lavatory to accommodate more back space in the seat against the lavatory. “That 7 inches allows for a resetting of the seat pitches up the aisle so that between four to six more seats can be gained,” Lieberherr said. ‘That’s an importance difference for a low-cost airline or one that focuses on economy seating.” On the opposite side of the socioeconomic seating spectrum, the company’s Westpoint and Oak Plaza facilities have developed the next generation of luxury pod seating for Qatar Airways known as the Qsuite. Lieberherr declined to provide how much each pod costs. The pod can serve two to four passengers, providing a double bed for sleeping on long flights and connectivity for electronics. Plant said it took three years to get Qsuite to the production stage, “which is the most complex design process the industry has seen to date.” Staying flexible Another key element for legacy B/E operations is that production workers are cross-trained on seating lines, enabling them to respond to bursts on production demand, including quickly opening a new line for a proprietary line. That’s by design, said Janice Warren, general manager of the Westpoint main and premium seating facilities. “We are often changing our line layouts at least once a month to be as flexible as possible with customer demand,” she said. Lieberherr said the facilities’ flexibility and efficiency have limited the need for automation, “therefore preserving local production jobs rather than looking for ways to reduce them.” The production and assembly facilities even feature an unusual warning system for when issues crop up. For instance, the theme music for Darth Vader from Star Wars pipes up when one type of problem arises, while the music from an ice cream truck comes up for another, oftentimes signaling an all-hands-on-deck scenario. Ortberg said that the companies’ combined annual revenue projects to exceed $8 billion. In most instances, legacy Rockwell avionics products are meant to last the lifetime of the airplane or helicopter. Meanwhile, the average legacy B/E commercial airline customer would have its aircraft retrofitted between one and three times during its lifespan. Rockwell and B/E also have been early adopters of using virtual and augmented reality technology to lower the cost of prototype products and make viewing them more accessible to customers. Augmented reality is defined as technology that superimposes a computer-generated image on a user’s view of the real world, thus providing a composite view. “It helps us to show customers how our products can be customized and differentiate in the marketplace, and how it will fit in their cabins,” Pozzi said. “It provides us with additional brainstorming opportunities through mocking up with foam and cardboard rather than prototypes. Both aspects give us a tool that gives us a marketplace advantage,” he said. Working in harmony Ortberg said Rockwell has committed to servicing its new debt loads and integrating B/E before making another major purchase, although some “bolt-on” small deals — those valued at $50 million and below — are doable. “We don’t have gaps that can keep us from being successful, but there are areas where we can better harmonize our interior, avionics and defense portfolios,” Ortberg said. Ortberg said Winston-Salem altogether represents about 5 percent to 6 percent of its overall operations, rivaling legacy Rockwell’s operations in Melbourne, Fla. “We believe the purchase is good for B/E and its Winston-Salem operations because it is now part of a broader aviation portfolio that provides more workload and employment stability in such a cyclical industry. “Winston-Salem will continue to operate as it is and become an important factor in Rockwell Collins’ future.” Lieberherr said the acquisition “sets us on an exciting path that will greatly benefit our customers, employees and share owners.” “There will be career opportunities for local workers beyond what B/E could have provided.” rcraver@wsjournal.com 336-727-7376 @rcraverWSJ Uploaded Pdfs 20170521w_biz_rockwell19p4 May 18, 2017 (…) Tags Rockwell Collins B/e Aerospace Werner Lieberhurr Kelly Ortberg Winston-salem Commerce Economics Work B/e Beverage Oxygen System Equipment Customer rcraver Follow rcraver Close Get email notifications on rcraver daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever rcraver posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow rcraver Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Popular This Week Inmate suffers injuries after she reportedly jumps from sheriff's vehicle on Business 40 Police search for 22-year-old missing from Winston-Salem Man seriously hurt in hit-and-run on Hanes Mall outer loop Sheetz to open two new stores in Winston-Salem this year Snakebite victims trickling into local hospitals, but Forsyth escapes uptick seen elsewhere in NC Police identify pedestrian seriously injured after being struck by a vehicle on Peters Creek Parkway WATCH: King man's video catches multiple sharks near shoreline; Marine scientist: It's not uncommon Winston-Salem lawyer gets probation for failing to pay taxes Winston-Salem man dies after delivery truck crashes through bridge guardrail and onto highway Medical examiner rules WSSU student took her own life More Special Sections Special Sections Celebrating Nurses Featured Events HARRY Vets Memorial Day Commemoration & Picnic Monday, May 29th, 2017 @ 12:00 pm – 5:00 pm Sections Home News Crime Business Opinion Home & Food Entertainment Community Calendar Sports Photos & Videos Weather Services Contact Us Calendar Advertise Subscription Services Jobs at the Winston-Salem Journal Place An Ad Contact Information journalnow.com 418 N. Marshall Street Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Phone: 336-727-7211 Email: content@journalnow.com Winston-Salem Journal, Winston-Salem, NC ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity Boeing signs defense, commercial deals with Saudi Arabia Boeing signs defense, commercial deals with Saudi Arabia Source : Last Updated: Mon, May 22, 2017 10:58 hrs DUBAI: Boeing Co has signed several defense and commercial deals with Saudi Arabia including for the sale of military and passenger aircraft, the company said on Sunday during a visit by U.S. President Donald Trump to the kingdom. Boeing said Saudi Arabia agreed to buy Chinook helicopters, associated support services and guided weapons systems, and intends to purchase P-8 surveillance aircraft. The U.S State Department in December announced plans to sell Saudi Arabia CH-47F Chinook cargo helicopters and related equipment, training and support worth $3.51 billion. Congress was informed last year that a sale to Saudi Arabia would involve 48 of the helicopters. Saudi Arabia is seeking closer defense and commercial ties with the United States under Trump, as it seeks to develop its economy beyond oil and leads a coalition that is fighting a war in Yemen. Saudi Arabia is seeking to end Iran-allied Houthi control over most of Yemen's main population centers and restore its internationally recognized government to power. The total value of the deals was not disclosed in a statement announcing the agreements. The Boeing announcement is the latest in business deals worth tens of billions of dollars signed between U.S. and Saudi companies since Trump arrived in Riyadh on Saturday. "These announcements reaffirm our commitment to the economic growth, prosperity and national security of both Saudi Arabia and the United States, helping to create or sustain thousands of jobs in our two countries," said Boeing Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg. Boeing also said it would negotiate the sale of up to 16 widebody airplanes to Saudi Gulf Airlines, which is based in the country's east in Dammam. + A sale to the privately owned commercial airline is expected to include Boeing 777 and or 787 aircraft, according to a person familiar with the matter. Saudi Gulf, which started operations last year, could not be reached immediately for comment. Boeing also will establish a joint venture with Saudi Arabia to provide "sustainment services for a wide range of military platforms," the statement said, including non-Boeing supplied equipment. A separate joint venture would "provide support for both military and commercial helicopters." The Saudi Rotorcraft Support Center recently received its commercial certificate and is expected to start operations in the near future. The center is a joint venture with Alsalam Aerospace Industries, Saudi Aerospace Engineering Industries and Boeing. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 27000.00 (-0.07%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27610.00 (-0.11%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 27300.00 (-0.73%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 27530.00 (0.11%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 26800.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26600.00 (0.19%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 27020.00 (-0.04%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 22, 2:31 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Business United Arab Emirates, Kenya, India And 5 Other Countries Buying Weapons From The US By Rich Smith On 05/22/17 AT 12:00 AM Close This article originally appeared on the Motley Fool. With the S&P 500 down 1.5% over the past week, it seems turmoil in the Trump Administration isn't doing investors a lot of favors. But give Donald Trump credit where credit is due. His administration is doing great things for one segment of the stock market: The defense industry. Introducing Uncle Sam: Arms dealer to the world We know this because late last month, the Trump Administration Defense Security Cooperation Agency notified Congress of a whole slew of big ticket arms deals in the works -- weapons sales that promise to pour literally billions of dollars of new revenues into the coffers of some of America's biggest defense contractors. On one particularly big news day, April 28, the DSCA announced that it has notified Congress of no fewer than seven separate pending arms sales that it plans to push through. These deals are aiming to sell: 110 radar-seeking air-to-ground "HARM" missiles to Australia, generating sales of $137.6 million for prime contractors  Orbital ATK (NYSE:OA) and  Raytheon (NYSE:RTN) . Four P-8A Poseidon submarine-hunting jet aircraft to New Zealand -- a $1.46 billion payday for Boeing (NYSE:BA) . 13 76 mm cannon for installation aboard Israeli Navy SA'AR 4.5 and SA'AR 6 Missile Patrol Boats at a purchase price of $440 million. (Italian firm Leonardo S.p.a.'s DRS North America subsidiary will be the contractor on that one.) Nine Bell 429 light utility helicopters to Slovakia, yielding sales of $150 million for Textron (NYSE:TXT). And five CH-47D Chinook helicopters, sold out of U.S. government surplus to Greece for $80 million. Also included in the DSCA's list of pending contracts are two directed toward the NATO Support and Procurement Agency, specifically: A $300 million sale of C-17 Globemaster III logistics support services, with Boeing acting as prime contractor; and A $33.5 million sale of Large Aircraft Infrared Countermeasures (LAIRCM) components, used to protect C-17s from anti-aircraft missile attack, supplied by  Northrop Grumman (NYSE:NOC) . Add them all up, and the global shopping list for U.S. arms comes to more than $2.6 billion in total value, with most of that going to benefit prime contractors Orbital ATK and Raytheon, Boeing, Textron, and Northrop Grumman -- some of the largest defense contractors on the planet, and stalwarts of the U.S. defense industry, each and every one. And that's just the sales announced on April 28. Since those deals were announced, DSCA has also notified Congress of sales of military apparel to India, MD 530 ground attack fighters to Kenya, and air defense missiles to the United Arab Emirates -- additional billions of dollars worth of revenue for the companies involved. What it means for investors President Trump has proposed a new military budget that will feature tens of billions of dollars in increased defense spending for the Pentagon. But already, the President's administration is pushing Congress to approve billions of dollars in new weapons sales to America's allies. Between increased military spending at home and increased sales of military hardware abroad, it's boom times for the defense industry in America. So is it any wonder that the iShares U.S. Aerospace & Defense ETF (NYSEMKT:ITA)  is up 16% since the November election? Heck, if every single stock in the defense industry wasn't so clearly overvalued already, I might even buy a few of them myself. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Orbital ATK. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Lockheed Martin, Raytheon And The Future Of Arms Deals In The Middle East US Overseas Arms Sales Near $50B Recommended Business United Arab Emirates, Kenya, India And 5 Other Countries Buying Weapons From The US April was a very busy month for America's arms dealers. Technology Star’s Mysterious Flickering Sign Of An Alien Megastructure? KIC 8462852, the star observed by American astronomer Tabetha S. Boyajian in 2015 to have a unique light characteristic, has dimmed by a fifth in the last few days. World Trump Avoids Saying ‘Radical Islamic Terrorism’ In Saudi Arabia During his presidential campaign, Trump had criticized Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton for avoiding usage of the phrase. National New Details About Aaron Hernandez's Prison Time Emerge Hernandez was found dead in his prison cell at the Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, Massachusetts, April 19. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Monday , May 22 2017 About Us Advertise With Us Terms of use Contact ARAB TIMES THE FIRST ENGLISH LANGUAGE DAILY IN FREE KUWAIT Home Kuwait Kuwait Crime International Business Sports Opinion Ahmed Al Jarallah Khalaf Ahmad Al Habtoor Ali Ahmed Al-Baghli Khaled Aljenfawi Yousef Awadh Al-Azmi Insight Ahmed Al Jarallah Ali Ahmed Al-Baghli Insight Khalaf Ahmad Al Habtoor Khaled Aljenfawi Yousef Awadh Al-Azmi Trump … welcome to the country of determination and hope 23 hours ago Jaber Al-Mubarak as never seen before 4 days ago Suicidal revolutions of Arabs 7 days ago How Saudi changed US policy traditions 1 week ago Trump does not trot vainly 4 days ago We are extremists’ grandparents 2 weeks ago Tolerance and coexistence vs bigotry and extremism 3 weeks ago You are the real culprits!! 4 weeks ago Past lessons with 2017 horizon 23 hours ago It is our choice! 2 days ago Demography according to Al-Sabeeh! 4 days ago How a judge may admit or reject documentary evidence – Violating individual’s privacy right a criminal offence 5 days ago Future of Egypt rests on people’s shoulders 5 days ago Iran’s declaration of war must not go unanswered 2 weeks ago Why you should not invest in Iran 27/03/2017 Tackling poverty burning issue 12/02/2017 ‘Govt should impose blanket ban on the entry of criminals’ – ‘Increase raids, arrest illegals’ 20/06/2016 ‘Righteousness, decency can be acquired by any person’ – ‘God created man as one’ 13/06/2016 ‘Inbred intolerance tough to overcome in Mideast’ 06/06/2016 ‘Petty criminals cannot tarnish residents image’ – ‘Deport law-breaking expats’ 30/05/2016 Your course has illuminated life 2 days ago Articles in the age of Twitter 1 week ago Was she having fun? 2 weeks ago From Sharm el-Sheikh to Sa’saa! 2 weeks ago Legal Clinic Entertainment Health E-Paper Kuwait Airways welcomes 7th Boeing 777-300ER – Full 777-300ER fleet to be in commercial service by Q3 2017 22 hours ago ‘Bubiyan’ seen on the tarmac upon arrival at Kuwait Airport on May 20. KUWAIT CITY, May 20: Following the Transfer-of-Title (ToT) being signed at the Boeing factory in Everett, WA, on Monday, May 15; Kuwait Airways, the official national carrier of the State of Kuwait, has today welcomed the arrival of its seventh 777-300ER aircraft, at Kuwait International Airport. The latest addition to Kuwait Airways’ fleet, flew the 15 hours direct from Seattle, WA, with non-commercial passengers on board including the airline’s new Chairman Sami Fahad Al-Rushaid. As with all of Kuwait Airways’ new Boeings, the latest aircraft carrying the airline’s new livery — as revealed in October 2016. In addition, as with many of the new 777-300ER aircraft, the seventh has been named after a Kuwaiti island. In this case, No. 7 becomes “Bubiyan” — named after the largest in Kuwait’s coastal island chain. The new addition takes Kuwait Airways’ operational fleet up to 26 and is further proof of the airline’s commitment to improving its on-board product offering, seat capacity and increasing frequencies across its 38-destination international network. While “Bubiyan” will undergo a few days of final testing before entering full-time service, it is understood that the new aircraft’s maiden commercial flight is most likely to be to Cairo or Jeddah, although this is yet to be confirmed. “Today is yet another proud moment and significant milestone on Kuwait Airways’ journey of transformation as we progress towards the goals — and implement the corresponding aircraft acquisition strategy — set out in the comprehensive, five-year plan, announced in September 2016,” said Ebrahim Al-Khuzam, CEO, Kuwait Airways. “With the Kuwaiti Government clearly aligned and in full support of ensuring the ongoing and future success of the official national carrier, we are pleased to note a continuing trend of a return in passenger confidence. This has been reflected in the increasing number of passengers coming over to Kuwait Airways — numbers well above the regional average growth rates,” Al-Khuzam added. “On the other hand, there is also a growing realisation of the importance the official national carrier of Kuwait can have on the long-term economic strategy of the country — for trade, commerce, tourism and much more,” he concluded. Kuwait Airways’ aircraft acquisition plan also includes the 25 Airbus aircraft on order; the first of which are set to be delivered from 2019. This new Airbus fleet will include 15 A320neo and 10 from the A350 family of aircraft. The airline’s new Boeing and Airbus aircraft are all expected to be in full commercial service by 2022. Share Bubiyan kuwait airways 2017-05-21 Arab Times Previous Russia and Saudi in solid accord on oil output cuts – Stabilizing market for long period top priority Next Kumar and Biju clinch junior GCC Bahrain Open titles – 20 Kuwait players grab badminton tournament trophies Related Articles Kuwait Airways appoints Ebrahim Al-Khuzam new CEO 5 days ago KAC privatization discussed – MPs retain immunity 2 weeks ago Kuwait Airways set to revolutionise passenger experience 02/04/2017 Kuwait Airways to increase flights to ME – 41.7 pct increase in frequencies during summer 08/03/2017 Kuwait Airways ‘offers’ daily flights to New York – Carrier taking a larger bite of ‘Big Apple’ 05/03/2017 Kuwaiti aviation sector leading the way for future development – ‘Kuwait Airways plans in line with leadership vision’ 26/02/2017 Check Also Kuwait Airways receives 4th Boeing 777-300ER KUWAIT CITY, Jan 4, (KUNA): Kuwait Airways, the official national carrier, on Saturday announced the … Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. E – Paper Most Read Posts 77 Palestinian teachers turn down Kuwait jobs over salary - Only 103 agree to work for KD 480 monthly pay 10 Asian women held in raids on 15 beauty parlors Mobile police squad at the airport soon Water meters installation underway; Crisis between landlords and tenants Jobless refusing jobs offered - Some Kuwaiti citizens desire particular work It is our choice! MPs reject decision on retirement after 30 years - Compulsory retirement is unjustified: Abdul-Samad Customs officers ‘foil’ Asian’s bid to smuggle in 32,000 narcotic pills Coastguard stops armed Iraqis - One Kuwaiti, Iraqi lightly injured Divorce rate in Kuwait reaches an alarming 60 percent this year - ‘Interest-driven marriages’ Login Remember Me Register Lost your password? © Copyright 2017, Arab Times Kuwait - All Rights Reserved
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine U.S. Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Africa & Mideast Home» Report on Business» International Business Boeing's logo is seen during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo, Japan, October 12, 2016. Boeing Co has signed several defence and commercial deals with Saudi Arabia including for the sale of military and passenger aircraft, the company said on Sunday during a visit by U.S. President Donald Trump to the kingdom. (Kim Kyung Hoon/Reuters) Boeing's logo is seen during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo, Japan, October 12, 2016. Boeing Co has signed several defence and commercial deals with Saudi Arabia including for the sale of military and passenger aircraft, the company said on Sunday during a visit by U.S. President Donald Trump to the kingdom. (Kim Kyung Hoon/Reuters) Boeing signs several defence, commercial deals with Saudi Arabia Add to ... Alexander Cornwell DUBAI — Reuters Published Sunday, May 21, 2017 3:23PM EDT Last updated Sunday, May 21, 2017 3:24PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Boeing Co has signed several defence and commercial deals with Saudi Arabia including for the sale of military and passenger aircraft, the company said on Sunday during a visit by U.S. President Donald Trump to the kingdom. Boeing said Saudi Arabia agreed to buy Chinook helicopters, associated support services and guided weapons systems, and intends to purchase P-8 surveillance aircraft. The U.S State Department in December announced plans to sell Saudi Arabia CH-47F Chinook cargo helicopters and related equipment, training and support worth $3.51-billion. Congress was informed last year that a sale to Saudi Arabia would involve 48 of the helicopters. Saudi Arabia is seeking closer defence and commercial ties with the United States under Trump, as it seeks to develop its economy beyond oil and leads a coalition that is fighting a war in Yemen. Saudi Arabia is seeking to end Iran-allied Houthi control over most of Yemen’s main population centres and restore its internationally recognized government to power. The total value of the deals was not disclosed in a statement announcing the agreements. The Boeing announcement is the latest in business deals worth tens of billions of dollars signed between U.S. and Saudi companies since Trump arrived in Riyadh on Saturday. “These announcements reaffirm our commitment to the economic growth, prosperity and national security of both Saudi Arabia and the United States, helping to create or sustain thousands of jobs in our two countries,” said Boeing Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg. Boeing also said it would negotiate the sale of up to 16 widebody airplanes to Saudi Gulf Airlines, which is based in the country’s east in Dammam. A sale to the privately owned commercial airline is expected to include Boeing 777 and or 787 aircraft, according to a person familiar with the matter. Saudi Gulf, which started operations last year, could not be reached immediately for comment. Boeing also will establish a joint venture with Saudi Arabia to provide “sustainment services for a wide range of military platforms,” the statement said, including non-Boeing supplied equipment. A separate joint venture would “provide support for both military and commercial helicopters.” The Saudi Rotorcraft Support Center recently received its commercial certificate and is expected to start operations in the near future. The center is a joint venture with Alsalam Aerospace Industries, Saudi Aerospace Engineering Industries and Boeing. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Freeland says reworked NAFTA could have labour, environmental benefits (The Canadian Press)   More Related to this Story Boeing seeks to fend off Canada threat over jet deal: source Bombardier and Boeing clash in trade hearing over C Series jet U.S. opens probe into Boeing's dumping claims against Bombardier Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Life Video: Pippa Middleton arrives at her wedding Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country Life Meet Australia's Omar, who could be crowned world's longest cat News Trump welcomed with sword dance at Saudi palace News Opinion: What is cultural appropriation? Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs News Notre Dame students walk out on Pence's commencement address News Trump: U.S. seeks coalition to stamp out extremism News Trump says first day of trip abroad is 'tremendous' Life Add some flair to your long weekend BBQ with this surf and turf dish News Owner recalls celebrity bagel fans as St-Viateur turns 60 News Brazil's President lambastes testimony by JBS execs ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Trump’s woes offer Canada a glimmer of hope on trade front Arts The main reason for all the TV revivals – public appetite Most popular As Brexit angst fades, a tough reality looms ahead of Britain’s election First Nations leaders question safety of youth in Thunder Bay Trump and Saudi Arabia: Have we reached peak hypocrisy yet? May 22: Your daily horoscope Supreme Court offers rare glimpse into life of a top justice X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Log In News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Skip to main content The Talk of the North 710 AM 98.1 FM Duluth, Minnesota Log In Menu News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Current Show The Dennis Prager Show 12AM–3AM Upcoming Shows Next Show The Michael Medved Show 3AM–5AM The Hugh Hewitt Show 5AM–7AM Neill Atkins 7AM–8AM Current Weather (55811) 45° Search Our Site Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon The Dennis Prager Show 12AM–3AM News Boeing signs defense, commercial deals with Saudi Arabia Boeing signs defense, commercial deals with Saudi Arabia Sunday, May 21, 2017 1:46 p.m. CDT FILE PHOTO: Boeing's logo is seen during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo, Japan, October 12, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon By Alexander Cornwell DUBAI (Reuters) - Boeing Co has signed several defense and commercial deals with Saudi Arabia including for the sale of military and passenger aircraft, the company said on Sunday during a visit by U.S. President Donald Trump to the kingdom. Boeing said Saudi Arabia agreed to buy Chinook helicopters, associated support services and guided weapons systems, and intends to purchase P-8 surveillance aircraft. The U.S State Department in December announced plans to sell Saudi Arabia CH-47F Chinook cargo helicopters and related equipment, training and support worth $3.51 billion. Congress was informed last year that a sale to Saudi Arabia would involve 48 of the helicopters. Saudi Arabia is seeking closer defense and commercial ties with the United States under Trump, as it seeks to develop its economy beyond oil and leads a coalition that is fighting a war in Yemen. Saudi Arabia is seeking to end Iran-allied Houthi control over most of Yemen's main population centers and restore its internationally recognized government to power. The total value of the deals was not disclosed in a statement announcing the agreements. The Boeing announcement is the latest in business deals worth tens of billions of dollars signed between U.S. and Saudi companies since Trump arrived in Riyadh on Saturday. "These announcements reaffirm our commitment to the economic growth, prosperity and national security of both Saudi Arabia and the United States, helping to create or sustain thousands of jobs in our two countries," said Boeing Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg. Boeing also said it would negotiate the sale of up to 16 widebody airplanes to Saudi Gulf Airlines, which is based in the country's east in Dammam. A sale to the privately owned commercial airline is expected to include Boeing 777 and or 787 aircraft, according to a person familiar with the matter. Saudi Gulf, which started operations last year, could not be reached immediately for comment. Boeing also will establish a joint venture with Saudi Arabia to provide "sustainment services for a wide range of military platforms," the statement said, including non-Boeing supplied equipment. A separate joint venture would "provide support for both military and commercial helicopters." The Saudi Rotorcraft Support Center recently received its commercial certificate and is expected to start operations in the near future. The center is a joint venture with Alsalam Aerospace Industries, Saudi Aerospace Engineering Industries and Boeing. (Reporting by Alexander Cornwell Editing by Gary McWilliams and Jeffrey Benkoe) Comments Top Stories Sixteen-Year-Old Male Killed near Ashland Friday, May 19 Duluth Dylan Fest Gets Underway Saturday Friday, May 19 Man Arrested After Stand-Off In Superior Friday, May 19 Friday Is National Bike To Work Day Friday, May 19 Taste of Duluth Coming to Bayfront Festival Park Thursday, May 18 News Sections Local State National World Local Sports Sports Politics Business Health Science Technology Entertainment Station Information © 2017 710 WDSM - WDSM The Talk of the North 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Listen 710 AM in Duluth, Minnesota 98.1 FM in Duluth, Minnesota Contact Studio Line 1: 218-722-7500 Text Us at 84454 Advertise With Us Job Opportunities Contact Us More Privacy Policy (PDF) Terms of Use (PDF) Contest Rules EEO
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Boeing signs defense, commercial deals with Saudi Arabia Reuters By Alexander Cornwell 12 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL One Tesla accomplishment that no one talks about Maker of Nathan's hot dogs issues recall over metal concerns © REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon FILE PHOTO: Boeing's logo is seen during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo Boeing Co has signed several defense and commercial deals with Saudi Arabia including for the sale of military and passenger aircraft, the company said on Sunday during a visit by U.S. President Donald Trump to the kingdom. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▲ 180.76 +3.36 +1.89% Boeing said Saudi Arabia agreed to buy Chinook helicopters, associated support services and guided weapons systems, and intends to purchase P-8 surveillance aircraft. The U.S State Department in December announced plans to sell Saudi Arabia CH-47F Chinook cargo helicopters and related equipment, training and support worth $3.51 billion. Congress was informed last year that a sale to Saudi Arabia would involve 48 of the helicopters. Saudi Arabia is seeking closer defense and commercial ties with the United States under Trump, as it seeks to develop its economy beyond oil and leads a coalition that is fighting a war in Yemen. Saudi Arabia is seeking to end Iran-allied Houthi control over most of Yemen's main population centers and restore its internationally recognized government to power. The total value of the deals was not disclosed in a statement announcing the agreements. The Boeing announcement is the latest in business deals worth tens of billions of dollars signed between U.S. and Saudi companies since Trump arrived in Riyadh on Saturday. "These announcements reaffirm our commitment to the economic growth, prosperity and national security of both Saudi Arabia and the United States, helping to create or sustain thousands of jobs in our two countries," said Boeing Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg. Boeing also said it would negotiate the sale of up to 16 widebody airplanes to Saudi Gulf Airlines, which is based in the country's east in Dammam. A sale to the privately owned commercial airline is expected to include Boeing 777 and or 787 aircraft, according to a person familiar with the matter. Saudi Gulf, which started operations last year, could not be reached immediately for comment. Boeing also will establish a joint venture with Saudi Arabia to provide "sustainment services for a wide range of military platforms," the statement said, including non-Boeing supplied equipment. A separate joint venture would "provide support for both military and commercial helicopters." The Saudi Rotorcraft Support Center recently received its commercial certificate and is expected to start operations in the near future. The center is a joint venture with Alsalam Aerospace Industries, Saudi Aerospace Engineering Industries and Boeing. (Reporting by Alexander Cornwell Editing by Gary McWilliams and Jeffrey Benkoe) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Australia PM praises magnate's 'game-changing' $298 million philanthropy Reuters Africa's growth seen benefiting from rebound in commodity prices: report Reuters Australia PM praises magnate's "game-changing" $298 million philanthropy Reuters Reuters View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Get the NuVision Tablet (with apps & sleeve)! Teach, learn, and make with Raspberry Pi Stay connected with the Lumia 550, only $139 Developers! Pre-order HP Mixed Reality Kit Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Companies Last Modified: Sun, May 21 2017. 09 54 PM IST Boeing signs defence, commercial deals with Saudi Arabia Boeing’s deal with Saudi Arabia is the latest in tens of billions of dollars in deals signed between US and Saudi firms since Donald Trump arrived in Riyadh on Saturday Subscribe to our newsletter. Alexander Cornwell Boeing said Saudi Arabia has agreed to buy Chinook helicopters, associated support services and guided weapons systems, and intends to purchase P-8 surveillance aircraft. Photo: AFP Dubai: Boeing Co. said on Sunday it had signed several defence and commercial deals with Saudi Arabia including for the sale of military and passenger aircraft during a visit by US President Donald Trump to the kingdom. The announcement is the latest in tens of billions of dollars in deals signed between US and Saudi firms since Trump arrived in Riyadh on Saturday. Boeing said Saudi Arabia has agreed to buy Chinook helicopters, associated support services and guided weapons systems, and intends to purchase P-8 surveillance aircraft. The total value of the deals or how many aircraft Saudi Arabia intends to buy was not given in the statement announcing the agreements. A Boeing spokesman declined to comment beyond the statement. The US state department announced in December plans to sell Saudi Arabia CH-47F Chinook cargo helicopters and related equipment, training and support worth $3.51 billion. Saudi Arabia is seeking closer defence and commercial ties with the United States under Trump, as it seeks to develop its economy beyond oil and leads a coalition that is fighting a war in Yemen. “These announcements reaffirm our commitment to the economic growth, prosperity and national security of both Saudi Arabia and the United States, helping to create or sustain thousands of jobs in our two countries,” said Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenburg. Boeing also said it would negotiate the sale of up to 16 widebody airplanes to Saudi Gulf Airlines which is based in the country’s east in Dammam. Boeing did not say which aircraft it was negotiating to sell to the privately-owned commercial airline. Saudi Gulf, which started operations last year, could not immediately be reached for comment. Boeing will also establish a joint venture with Saudi Arabia to provide “sustainment services for a wide range of military platforms,” the statement said, whilst a separate joint venture would “provide support for both military and commercial helicopters.” Reuters Alexander Cornwell Topics: Boeing Saudi Arabia Donald Trump Chinook helicopters P-8 surveillance aircraft More From Livemint READ MORE Soulflower eyes opportunities in natural cosmetics, perfumes Time to ditch the polar bears? Climate change looks for a new image Aircel-Maxis: After ED, CBI moves Delhi HC on dropping charges against Marans First Published: Sun, May 21 2017. 09 49 PM IST Editor's Picks Get the 8.35% home loan to work for you GST Council’s next step: Ensuring tax benefits are passed on to consumers Indian IT firms struggle to generate revenue from digital businesses Latest News Soulflower eyes opportunities in natural cosmetics, perfumes Time to ditch the polar bears? Climate change looks for a new image Aircel-Maxis: After ED, CBI moves Delhi HC on dropping charges against Marans From ‘Indu Sarkar’ to ‘Mogul’, 10 biopics to watch out for Samsung Electronics says will continue looking for M&A opportunities Mint On Sunday The amazing adventures of Dadasaheb Phalke - Part 2 Ever wondered if you could implant a memory? The secret of happiness lies in what you do, not what you buy How to conquer Delhi and other tales Letter from a dram Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: David Ryder/Bloomberg Canada Calls Boeing's Trade Challenge ‘Lousy Customer Relations’ by Jen Skerritt @jenskerritt More stories by Jen Skerritt May 21, 2017, 12:48 PM EDT May 21, 2017, 4:19 PM EDT Ambassador David MacNaughton wades into aerospace spat Dispute illustrates growing tensions amid Nafta renegotiation Boeing Co.’s pursuit of a trade complaint against Canadian rival Bombardier Inc. at a time it’s negotiating with the government on a major sale of military aircraft is “lousy customer relations,” Canada’s ambassador to the U.S. said. Boeing alerted Canada shortly before the company petitioned the U.S. to probe whether Bombardier’s C Series aircraft is being sold at unfairly low prices, Ambassador David MacNaughton said Sunday on CTV’s “Question Period,” calling the action “strange.” “I told Boeing pretty directly that I thought it was pretty lousy customer relations to give us one hour’s notice before they had the Commerce Department launch this kind of investigation,” MacNaughton said. Get the latest on global politics in your inbox, every day. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up MacNaughton’s rebuke reflects the growing trade tensions between the neighbors since the election of President Donald Trump, who campaigned on a promise to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement and notified Congress last week he plans to do just that. On Thursday, Canada’s Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said Chicago-based Boeing’s petition is clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier’s new aircraft from the U.S. market and hinted at retribution. Long-Time Partner Boeing values Canada as a customer and supplier, and the company’s partnership with the nation dates back to 1919, spokesman Peter Pedraza said in an emailed statement. The planemaker consistently places “substantial” amounts of commercial and defense work in Canada and has a supply chain that leverages the depth of the Canadian aerospace industry, he said. Some U.S. companies that have spouted “trade protectionist rhetoric” need to start thinking of the integrated supply chains between the two nations and realize that “Canada is a pretty big customer,” MacNaughton said. The ambassador said millions of jobs on both sides of the border depend on open trade and Canada and the U.S. will “find a way to make it work” during Nafta renegotiations. The Trump administration is likely to take a harder line against imports, and the trade case against Bombardier raises the chances of prohibitive duties that could slow competition and preserve profit margins for the U.S. aircraft maker, Bloomberg Intelligence analysts Caitlin Webber and George Ferguson said in a May 19 report. Boeing says a 160 percent duty is needed to offset alleged price dumping and subsidies benefiting Bombardier’s C Series, which could double in price in the U.S., according to the report. Bombardier has dismissed the allegations, saying Boeing doesn’t manufacture a product that competes directly with the C Series. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read EU Discusses Brexit Position as U.K. Threatens to Quit Talks Saudi Arabia Welcomes Trump With Billions of Dollars of Deals Ford CEO Mark Fields Said to Leave as Hackett Takes Over Job SoftBank's Son Chases Boyhood Dreams With $100 Billion Fund Blackstone Unveils $100 Billion Ambition for Infrastructure Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Business CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Business Tax Season CBC SecureDrop Photo Galleries Boeing signs defence, commercial deals with Saudi Arabia Company CEO predicts thousands of jobs in Saudi Arabia and U.S. after Trump's trip to Riyadh Thomson Reuters Posted: May 21, 2017 12:09 PM ET Last Updated: May 21, 2017 12:09 PM ET A Boeing 737 airplane is assembled in Renton, Washing. (Ted S. Warren/Associated Press) Related Stories Trump in Saudi Arabia signs defence deals 5 high-stakes stops on Donald Trump's 1st foreign tour 'Drive them out of your places of worship:' Trump urges Islamic leaders to unite against extremism Comey's revenge on Trump, thy name is Robert Mueller Trump is getting pounded — but it doesn't mean impeachment is imminent Even a special counsel may fail to dent Donald Trump's alternate reality In Rod they trust: Meet Trump's Obama-approved pick to lead the Russia probe Boeing Co. said on Sunday it had signed several defence and commercial deals with Saudi Arabia, including one for the sale of military and passenger aircraft, during a visit by U.S. President Donald Trump to the kingdom. The announcement is the latest in tens of billions of dollars in deals signed between U.S. and Saudi firms since Trump arrived in Riyadh on Saturday. Boeing said Saudi Arabia has agreed to buy Chinook helicopters, associated support services and guided weapons systems, and intends to purchase P-8 surveillance aircraft. Trump in Saudi Arabia signs defence deals The total value of the deals or how many aircraft Saudi Arabia intends to buy was not given in the statement announcing the agreements. A Boeing spokesman declined to comment beyond the statement. The U.S State Department announced in December plans to sell Saudi Arabia CH-47F Chinook cargo helicopters and related equipment, training and support worth $3.51 billion US. U.S. President Donald Trump, left, seen in Riyadh with Saudi King Salman, signed defence and commercial agreements on Saturday worth billions of dollars. (Jonathan Ernst/Reuters) Saudi Arabia is seeking closer defence and commercial ties with the United States under Trump, as it seeks to develop its economy beyond oil and leads a coalition that is fighting a war in Yemen. "These announcements reaffirm our commitment to the economic growth, prosperity and national security of both Saudi Arabia and the United States, helping to create or sustain thousands of jobs in our two countries," said Boeing Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg. Boeing also said it would negotiate the sale of up to 16 widebody airplanes to Saudi Gulf Airlines which is based in the country's east in Dammam. Boeing did not say which aircraft it was negotiating to sell to the privately-owned commercial airline. Saudi Gulf, which started operations last year, could not immediately be reached for comment. Boeing will also establish a joint venture with Saudi Arabia to provide "sustainment services for a wide range of military platforms," the statement said, whilst a separate joint venture would "provide support for both military and commercial helicopters."  ​ © Thomson Reuters, 2017 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Comments FAQ Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines. Latest Business Headlines 'Typically they are cheque-cashing schemes': How scammers have ruined legitimate mystery shopping jobs May 21, 3:24 PM ET read comments 'Overwhelming consumer passion' brings Jif peanut butter back to Canada May 21, 5:00 AM ET read comments Boeing signs defence, commercial deals with Saudi Arabia May 21, 12:09 PM ET read comments Protests, court challenges, B.C. recount: Trans Mountain IPO comes at awkward time for Kinder Morgan May 21, 11:42 AM ET Ransomware and Bell's breach: CBC's Marketplace consumer cheat sheet May 21, 5:00 AM ET video Must Watch Video Betting on Trexit? 6:34 Matthew Shaddick at British Bookmaker Ladbrokes talks about the sudden surge in people who want to bet on how long Trump's presidency will last Video Madoff book hits the big screen 7:41 Financial journalist and author Diana Henriques talks about the mystique of fraudster Bernie Madoff and how her book 'The Wizard of Lies' has been turned into an upcoming movie on HBO Video NAFTA renegotiation 6:27 Laura Dawson, director of the Canada Institute, on how the process will unfold Video The Ticker 9:31 Stephen Murphy, dean of the Ted Rogers School of Management at Ryerson University, on some of the day's top stories Watch The Exchange here Watch Recent shows and interviews Recent discussions about business news and newsmakers Markets TSX COMPOSITE   Rotate stock indices Pause stock rotation Show previous stock PLAY May 22, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 22, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 22, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 22, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 22, 2017 12:00 AM ET Index Last Trade Change TSX COMPOSITE 15458.46 181.26 DOW 20804.84 141.82 NASDAQ 6083.70 28.57 SP 500 2381.73 16.01 TSX-VENTURE 806.90 6.02 The data on this site is informational only and may be delayed; it is not intended as trading or investment advice and you should not rely on it as such. Most Viewed Mystery shopping recruiter struggles to find workers because of scammers read comments Canada's housing boom has 30% chance of going bust, Goldman Sachs says read comments video 'Overwhelming consumer passion' brings Jif peanut butter back to Canada read comments Ransomware and Bell's breach: CBC's Marketplace consumer cheat sheet video Boeing signs defence, commercial deals with Saudi Arabia read comments Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Don't Miss FIFTH ESTATE CRA records missing in KPMG tax dodge affair Breakfast sandwich sales boom as time-starved Canadians shun cereal at home Ottawa vows to stop forced bumping due to overbooked flights, but critics question if plan will work FIFTH ESTATE Tax adviser to revenue minister attended KPMG-sponsored Madrid conference, parties Analysis 'The worst scenario': What if Canada's real estate bubble bursts? Analysis Ransomware attack reveals bitcoin as an accessory to cybercrime: Don Pittis Go Public Credit union employees say high-pressure sales targets turn 'members' into 'marks' Analysis West Texas oil boom threatens recovery in Canadian oilpatch Rise of the veggie snack pack: How marketers are selling fresh produce to kids Analysis While ratings agencies watch Canadian banks, we should watch them: Don Pittis It's time to plan your 2020 choice: Aeroplan or Air Canada's new loyalty program? Marijuana startups get new funding from 'streaming' deals Analysis Home Capital investors are victims of Canadian real estate uncertainty: Don Pittis CBC Investigates Millions in suspected Russian crime proceeds flowed through Canadian banks, companies Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 27° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 36-52 We set you thinking Monday 22 May 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Singapore Trans-Cab taxi catches fire at Marymount Road, second case in a month 1495433040 Business Ford to replace CEO Mark Fields with James Hackett: Forbes 1495435827 World Bus plunges 90 meters off Mexican roadside, killing at least 17 1495435877 World Bomb blast Bangkok hospital, at least 20 injured 1495429980 Entertainment Chris Cornell’s funeral to be held Friday in Los Angeles 1495434718 Business Airbus appoints independent compliance review panel amid probes 1495434352 Business Exclusive: Barclays to hire 100 staff in private banking push 1495433221 Business Asian stocks post biggest rise in a month as markets settle 1495433318 Entertainment Singapore writer Adeline Foo bags first Asian Children’s Book Award 1495433817 World Philippine minister starts damage control after Duterte's China war remark 1495428249 World Taiwan drops money-laundering case against Mega Fin 1495433158 Singapore NSP secretary general Lim Tean leaves party 1495429620 World Sri Lanka president switches foreign, finance ministers in reshuffle 1495429338 Business Dollar inches up but U.S. political woes keep it near six-month lows 1495428982 World Iran foreign minister scorns Trump after speech, arms deal 1495427656 Business Bitcoin options exchange raises $11.4 million in funding 1495427160 Sports Thousands of fans flock to Madrid to celebrate Real’s title win 1495427216 Commentary Can governments stop fake news? 1495282560 World Trump to visit Israel in search of revived peace process 1495426022 Sports LeBron James wins NBA Citizenship Award for helping at-risk and disadvantaged youths 1495426317 Singapore S$100 FairPrice kit for babies born between 2016 and 2019 1495383360 World Schwarzenegger says one can have four Hummers and still save the planet 1495425420 Singapore Free carpooling app for mosque-goers to be launched in time for Ramadan 1495396920 World Trump softens tone on Islam but calls for purge of ‘foot soldiers of evil’ 1495409760 Business Loss-making Cathay Pacific makes biggest job cuts in 20 years 1495425127 Singapore Lack of talent sees jobs go a-begging in ICT sector 1495383540 World Royal Malaysian Navy boat, nine sailors, disappear in waters off Johor 1495422960 Sports A win that secured fourth place, but meant the world to Liverpool 1495425418 Singapore High levels of mercury detected in facial cream sold online: HSA 1495423320 World Two more deaths take Everest toll to at least five in past month 1495424500 World Latest North Korea missile launch tests Moon’s team of doves 1495423560 Singapore Late June hearing date to be set for Tan Cheng Bock’s court challenge on reserved EP timing 1495417800 Singapore ERP rates to be lowered during June school holidays 1495419300 World Chinese paper applauds anti-spy efforts after report CIA sources killed 1495422126 World Allegations that Malaysian police need to seek ‘side income’ will be investigated: DPM Ahmad Zahid 1495420200 Business Oil rises on expectation of extended, possibly deepened output cut 1495418898 World North Korea appears to have won meaningful data from recent missile test: South Korea 1495418330 World North Korea says missile tests warhead guidance, ready for deployment 1495407538 World Thai junta nears third year and settles in for longer stay 1495270320 World New Trump trade rep Lighthizer spars over protectionism in Asia 1495417714 Business Hainan Airlines to buy $4.2 billion of planes, issue bonds 1495414998 World Protesters call for Temer resignation as uncertainty grips Brazil 1495412095 Business Shareholders take Akzo Nobel to court in effort to aid PPG takeover 1495411545 Business Doctors selling clinics spark rally in Singapore health stocks 1495411920 China&India China’s gift to Germany: A giant statue of Marx 1495411014 World No time for Brexit delays, says UK's May as poll lead slips 1495408226 Business Euro zone, IMF to seek compromise on Greek debt deal Monday 1495407671 World Honduran opposition groups back TV star for presidency 1495406671 World Trump tells Middle East to 'drive out' Islamist extremists 1495404850 World Venezuela's Maduro attacks 'fascist' protesters for setting man alight 1495404329 Business Boeing signs defense, commercial deals with Saudi Arabia FILE PHOTO: Boeing's logo is seen during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 10:15 PM, May 21, 2017 Updated: 2:55 AM, May 22, 2017 DUBAI - Boeing Co has signed several defense and commercial deals with Saudi Arabia including for the sale of military and passenger aircraft, the company said on Sunday during a visit by U.S. President Donald Trump to the kingdom. Boeing said Saudi Arabia agreed to buy Chinook helicopters, associated support services and guided weapons systems, and intends to purchase P-8 surveillance aircraft. The U.S State Department in December announced plans to sell Saudi Arabia CH-47F Chinook cargo helicopters and related equipment, training and support worth $3.51 billion. Congress was informed last year that a sale to Saudi Arabia would involve 48 of the helicopters. Saudi Arabia is seeking closer defense and commercial ties with the United States under Trump, as it seeks to develop its economy beyond oil and leads a coalition that is fighting a war in Yemen. Saudi Arabia is seeking to end Iran-allied Houthi control over most of Yemen's main population centers and restore its internationally recognized government to power. The total value of the deals was not disclosed in a statement announcing the agreements. The Boeing announcement is the latest in business deals worth tens of billions of dollars signed between U.S. and Saudi companies since Trump arrived in Riyadh on Saturday. "These announcements reaffirm our commitment to the economic growth, prosperity and national security of both Saudi Arabia and the United States, helping to create or sustain thousands of jobs in our two countries," said Boeing Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg. Boeing also said it would negotiate the sale of up to 16 widebody airplanes to Saudi Gulf Airlines, which is based in the country's east in Dammam. A sale to the privately owned commercial airline is expected to include Boeing 777 and or 787 aircraft, according to a person familiar with the matter. Saudi Gulf, which started operations last year, could not be reached immediately for comment. Boeing also will establish a joint venture with Saudi Arabia to provide "sustainment services for a wide range of military platforms," the statement said, including non-Boeing supplied equipment. A separate joint venture would "provide support for both military and commercial helicopters." The Saudi Rotorcraft Support Center recently received its commercial certificate and is expected to start operations in the near future. The center is a joint venture with Alsalam Aerospace Industries, Saudi Aerospace Engineering Industries and Boeing. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Father of the Internet’ Vint Cerf says we should reach for the stars Yahoo to buy back $3 billion shares in tender offer World's rich confident they can scale wall of global risk: survey Workers say Wal-Mart discriminated against thousands of pregnant women With new sheriff in town, South Korea big businesses duck for cover Wholesale trade in Q1 2017 continues to climb Western Digital takes legal action to block sale of Toshiba's chip unit Western banks eclipsed by China's along the new Silk Road Wells Fargo suffers slump in muni bond underwriting Washington dreams on hold, Scaramucci revels in Las Vegas glow Inside Today World Taiwan drops money-laundering case against Mega Fin Bomb blast Bangkok hospital, at least 20 injured Sri Lanka president switches foreign, finance ministers in reshuffle Philippine minister starts damage control after Duterte's China war remark Iran foreign minister scorns Trump after speech, arms deal Business Ford to replace CEO Mark Fields with James Hackett: Forbes Airbus appoints independent compliance review panel amid probes Asian stocks post biggest rise in a month as markets settle Exclusive: Barclays to hire 100 staff in private banking push Dollar inches up but U.S. political woes keep it near six-month lows Sports Thousands of fans flock to Madrid to celebrate Real’s title win LeBron James wins NBA Citizenship Award for helping at-risk and disadvantaged youths A win that secured fourth place, but meant the world to Liverpool A helter-skelter season, but no memorable climax No CEO for S.League in 2018? Entertainment Chris Cornell’s funeral to be held Friday in Los Angeles Singapore writer Adeline Foo bags first Asian Children’s Book Award Chinese crosstalk veteran, Nanyin music group receive Chinese Cultural Centre Award Meditation and yoga key to becoming a better mum, says Nadya Hutagalung Brad Pitt gets Army Daze guys to reunite for War Machine About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
News Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Hedge Funds Investing / Portfolio Strategies Money Management People Moves Private Equity Real Estate Special Reports View All Data Research Center Search & Hires RFPs Charts Insights Opinion White Papers Investing/Portfolio Strategies P&I Content Solutions Multimedia Videos Webinars Slideshows Charts Events Conferences Webinars Careers Research Center News News Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Hedge Funds Investing / Portfolio Strategies Money Management People Moves Private Equity Real Estate Special Reports More News Topics Data Data Research Center Searches & Hires RFPs Infographics Charts Sponsored Research Insights Insights Opinion White Papers Investing / Portfolio Strategies P&I Content Solutions Multimedia Multimedia Videos Webinars Slideshows Charts Events Events Conferences Webinars Careers Research Center INTERACTIVE Caisse defends dealings with Bombardier By Rick Baert · May 19, 2017 11:59 am · Updated 12:15 pm Popular Stories U.K. Conservatives planning to create sovereign wealth funds Donald Trump signs measure ending safe harbor for state-run private-sector plans House considers federal pension, civil service reforms Singapore's GIC sells about half of remaining stake in UBS at a loss Upcoming P&I Conferences view more   Upcoming P&I Webinars view more   White Papers An examination of global asset allocation and home bias Innovations in DC Investment Options Rethinking Longevity Risk: A Framework to Address the Tail End Vanguard Life-Cycle Investing Model: A framework for building target-date portfolios The Changing Equation: Building for Retirement in a Low Return World view more   Advertisment About About About Pensions & Investments About P&I Research Center About P&I Content Solutions About Crain Communications Inc. Advertise & Media Kit Editorial Calendar Staff Directory Reprints & Permissions Customer Service Customer Service My Account Settings Register for Free Subscribe FAQ Help & User Feedback Contact Us Affiliates Affiliates InvestmentNews Crain’s New York Business Crain’s Chicago Business All Crain Brands Legal Legal Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Crain Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved.   E-mail Newsletters
Breaking News Trump to visit Israel in search of revived peace process North Korea says missile tests warhead guidance, ready for deployment Medicaid cuts coming in Trump budget: Washington Post Disagreements surface over China-backed trade deal Notre Dame graduates walk out on Pence as he touts free speech Shareholders take Akzo Nobel to court in effort to aid PPG takeover Trump's FBI comments to Russians were aimed at cooperation: aides Drake wins record 13 Billboard Music awards Protesters call for Temer resignation as uncertainty grips Brazil NASA plans emergency spacewalk on International Space Station Mon 22 May 2017 - 25 Shaban 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → Boeing scrambles to save big Canada fighter jet deal Boeing scrambles to save big Canada fighter jet deal Saturday 20th, May 2017 / 17:33 Written by Oman Observer in Business OTTAWA/SEATTLE: Boeing Co on Friday rushed to fix a gamble that looks to have gone wrong, with the defence unit of the US plane maker seeking to fend off a Canadian threat to scrap the purchase of 18 Super Hornet jets, a source familiar with the matter said. That move follows Canada’s threat on Thursday that it could ditch its plans to buy the jets if the United States backed Boeing’s claims that Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc dumped jetliners in the US market. Political insiders say the Liberal government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is furious about Boeing’s allegations, which comes at a time when trade relations between the United States and Canada are at a low. “Boeing made the calculation that taking this action was worth the risk,” the source said, requesting anonymity due to the sensitivity of the situation. “However, Boeing military sales division is concerned and is seeking to communicate with Canadian government decision-makers to mitigate the possible impact to their Super Hornet sale.” Boeing said the firm hoped there would be no impact on the proposed Super Hornet sale but made clear it had no regrets about challenging Bombardier. “This action is being taken against Bombardier’s pricing practices which are illegal and aggressive. It is a very clear case of dumping,” said spokesman Charlie Miller. Richard Aboulafia, aerospace analyst at Teal Group, said that although Boeing’s complaint appears valid, “the secondary effects are disastrous.” He said Boeing could lose $10 billion to $20 billion in military sales to Canada, encompassing order for jets, helicopters and maritime surveillance planes. Potential winners include rival makers of jets, such as Lockheed Martin Corp, Dassault Aviation SA, Airbus SE and Saab AB, analysts said. The US Commerce Department on Thursday launched an investigation into Boeing’s claims. “This is a strong shot across the bow to the United States to say ‘Shut this thing down pretty damn quickly,’” said a Canadian defence industry source. Trudeau twice side-stepped questions about the threat when speaking to reporters on Friday in British Columbia. The Boeing saga further increases tensions between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta), with the Trump administration on Thursday setting the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations. Last month Washington slapped anti-dumping duties on Canadian timber, prompting Canada to threaten retaliation. Bombardier is based in the electoral important province of Quebec, where the ruling Liberals say they need to pick up support to be sure of winning federal election in October 2019. Canada unveiled plans to buy the Super Hornets last November as a stop-gap measure while it prepared an open five-year competition to replace its aging fleet of 77 Boeing CF-18 fighter jets. Defence analyst David Perry of the Canadian Global Affairs Institute said one option for Ottawa would be to scrap the idea of a stopgap force and go straight to the permanent competition. The threat against Boeing only complicates a Canadian military procurement system which many analysts say is broken.— Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Uber extends on-demand service to trucking Canada to be ‘firm’ in trade conflicts with US → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent HM thanked by Saudi King New centre to fight terror funding Oman Air to focus on consolidation, no new routes this year Civil Service Council reviews report on training plans Read More ... Facebook Twitter 16 minutes agoSultanate ranked 5th on Arab level in labour market efficiency /t.co/CVj4bY8VEc @MOCI_OMAN @manpowergov /t.co/7PXIQvM3nF 31 minutes agoCode of ethics for media in #Sultanate soon /t.co/Xou6T70NoQ @omaninfo1 @SQU_Info /t.co/7dMNciBfhR 37 minutes agoAqar launches Q Series retail brand /t.co/DV04f301RG Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
    Home About Antiwar.com Donate Blog US Casualties Contact Latest News Donald of Arabia: A Disgusting Spectacle This is the worst yet by Justin Raimondo, May 22, 2017 Print This | Share This Has there been a more disgusting spectacle during the four months of this presidency than the sight of Donald Trump slobbering all over the barbarous Saudi monarch and his murderous family of petty princelings? It’s enough to make any normal American retch, especially when one remembers what Trump said about them during the election: “Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation want women as slaves and to kill gays. Hillary must return all money from such countries!” And then there was this tweet: “Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s. Pay up!” Now Trump’s son in law, Jared Kushner, is calling up Lockheed-Martin to get a discount for the Saudis, personally brokering the biggest arms deal in US history. What a difference a presidency makes! The old Trump told us that the Saudis were “mouth pieces, bullies, cowards,” who were “paying ISIS,” but now they’re our partners in the “war on terrorism.” Why it seems like only yesterday that he was calling out Saudi princes like Alwaleed bin Talal for thinking they can “control our US politicians” – today he’s kowtowing to them. Most tellingly, it was Trump who made a campaign issue out of the missing 28 pages redacted from the Joint congressional report on the 9/11 terrorist attacks. In calling for their release, he painted a scenario in which the Saudi royals assisted the hijackers and said: “You know, it’s sort of nice to know who your friends are, and perhaps who your enemies are.” Does Trump know who are our friends and who are our enemies? While the US government, under both Trump and Obama, has routinely maintained that Iran is the biggest exporter of terrorism, that is utter nonsense: the Saudis easily outdo the mullahs of Tehran. Riyadh funds radical madrassas throughout the world that preach pure hatred of the West: they are incubators of terrorism, and have been wreaking havoc from one end of the globe to the other for decades. The terrorist groups that have destroyed Syria are the progeny of the Saudis, and their allies among the Gulf states. Most shameful of all, the Saudis have invaded nearby Yemen, slaughtering children and women with impunity, bombing funeral processions, and causing a famine that will kill hundreds of thousands of noncombatants: the very young, the sick, and the old. And they’re doing it with US assistance, a pact signed in blood under the Obama administration, now continued and beefed up under Trump. In all fairness, this is nothing new as far as the US is concerned: our relationship with the Saudi monarchy goes all the way back to Franklin Roosevelt, who cemented the alliance in 1943 by declaring that the defense of their medieval dictatorship was “vital” to our national security: US taxpayer dollars flowed into the Saudi treasury via the Lend-Lease giveaway. The flow hasn’t stopped since that time: indeed, it has only increased. And the flow will turn into a torrent if Trump’s wacky idea of an Arab NATO ever comes to fruition. We’ll be paying their “defense” bills unto eternity, while they send their army of head-chopping assassins out to murder infidels on a global scale – and US arms dealers rake in cash hand over fist. Yes, the US-Saudi relationship is one of the central pillars of our globalist foreign policy – but wasn’t Trump supposed to be different? Wasn’t he supposed to be putting America first? Of all the betrayals we’ve had to endure since he took the White House, his pilgrimage to the epicenter of world terrorism has got to be the absolute worst. As he kneels before the Saudi king, he humiliates all of us. Trump’s next stop is Israel, and that’s no accident: the Jewish state is Saudi Arabia’s main ally in the region, although the relationship is supposed to be covert. They don’t even bother to keep it under wraps anymore. While the Saudis fund the head-chopping barbarians who have destroyed Syria, the Israelis succor them in their hospitals and then set them free to kill and maim again. Israeli officials openly state their preference for ISIS over Bashar al-Assad. If and when Trump’s loopy “Arab NATO” ever comes to pass, Israel will be a silent partner. The third leg of Trump’s trip will be the Vatican, and there an ambush awaits him. This Pope is no friend of the White House, and he is likely to issue a public rebuke on the immigration issue, at the very least. The whole thing is a public relations disaster waiting to happen, and a testament to the very bad advice Trump is getting from his clueless advisors. The mawkish idea of visiting the sites of the world’s three major religions is more appropriate for a television special than for a President on his first major trip abroad. Quite aside from the fact that it leaves out the Hindus, the Greek Orthodox, and the Buddhists, the whole concept is typical of the way this administration thinks in terms of mindless clichés, catchphrases without context or real meaning. Speaking of which, the less said about Trump’s speech in Riyadh the better: it was a farrago of falsehood, kowtowing, and brazen hypocrisy. To top it off, he announced that a new “Global Center for Combating Extremist Ideology” is to be opened in the Kingdom – which is, itself, the world capital of extremist ideology, having done more to spread religious hatred than any country on earth. Of all Trump’s many betrayals – and they’re piling up at such a rate that he’s creating a veritable Mountain of Mendacity – this Saudi trip has got to be the one that will demoralize and alienate even his hardcore supporters. After rising to power on the strength of portraying Islam as inherently violent and dangerous, he’s now joining hands with the leaders of what he once described as “the hateful ideology of radical Islam.” It’s as if Mother Theresa had embraced the Church of Satan. It’s been a very long four months – that seems more like four years. In voting for Trump, many of his supporters – some of whom are now among Antiwar.com’s regular readers and supporters – were hoping for a return to normalcy. What they got instead was a descent into Bizarro World. A special note: As you may know from looking at our front page, group of our more well-heeled and generous friends have gotten together and raised $30,000 in matching funds to support Antiwar.com’s Spring fundraising drive – but there’s a catch. We have to match that amount in individual donations, or else – no dice. It’s time to put an end to this fundraiser: we have better things to do. The sheer amount of news is, frankly, overwhelming – and can barely deal with it and simultaneously do the hard work of raising money. We need to get on with our real job – which is giving you the best coverage of international affairs available online. We aren’t in with the big foundations, or the whims of eccentric billionaires: we depend you, our readers, for the funding we need to continue. At a time when war clouds are darkening every horizon, from Korea’s demilitarized zone to the eastern frontiers of the NATO alliance, Antiwar.com is needed now more than ever. But we can’t do our job – preventing the next war – without your financial help. Your tax-deductible donation today has double the impact, thanks to the contributions of our matching funds donors. So seize this moment before it passes, and make your donation today. NOTES IN THE MARGIN You can check out my Twitter feed by going here. But please note that my tweets are sometimes deliberately provocative, often made in jest, and largely consist of me thinking out loud. I’ve written a couple of books, which you might want to peruse. Here is the link for buying the second edition of my 1993 book, Reclaiming the American Right: The Lost Legacy of the Conservative Movement, with an Introduction by Prof. George W. Carey, a Foreword by Patrick J. Buchanan, and critical essays by Scott Richert and David Gordon (ISI Books, 2008). You can buy An Enemy of the State: The Life of Murray N. Rothbard (Prometheus Books, 2000), my biography of the great libertarian thinker, here. Read more by Justin Raimondo The Special Counsel Comes to Town: It’s the Moscow Trials, Revisited – May 18th, 2017 Did Seth Rich Contact WikiLeaks? – May 16th, 2017 Trump Should Meet With Kim Jong-un – May 14th, 2017 Shut Down the ‘Russia-gate’ Farce – May 11th, 2017 Farewell to Matt Drudge – May 9th, 2017 Print This | Share This Click here to hide comments surrealistodefierros Actually, the speech itself wasn’t all so bad, and said a lot of things that really needed to be said that have been waiting to be said for a long time. But absent the calling for a real democracy in the theocratic monarchy whose alliance with us is a marriage made in hell…. It’s just that actions speak louder than words… moneys donated to Ivanka by the Saudis… $110B in US Arms up for sale… hmmm… the picture is getting a little blurry now… survivor Why was Trump blaming Syria and Iran for the troubles when in fact it has been Saudi Arabia. Look what those barbarians are doing to the citizens of Yemen. MvGuy At least Trump didn’t kiss the old fart on the lips like GW Bush did as he paid him obeisance. With this Saudi love/hate fest, Trump puts the dagger of betrayal in deep and turns it to inflict the maximum of pain and suffering to his America First deception victims… Saudi Princes helped finance 9 eleven.. Saudi pilots flew the planes into the towers. Saudis are spending vast sums these last few months on lobbyists to thwart any legal actions because of their 9-11 finance…. There Trump is condemning Iran as a sponsor of terrorism, standing in the inner sanctum of the foremost perpetrators of the worst ever terrorist attack on American in its history… AGAINST his every campaign utterance… More vile and disgusting than eating the putrid vomit of the pigs the Saudis have becum….. O, vile an sickening…… Not what trump said he would do as our leader…. No, not even close! Skywalker It is obvious that the anti war movement does not have a friend in the Trump White House. For the next four years that anti war movement will be built in the streets, in the communities, on the campuses and in the churches, temples and synagogues at the grass roots. The mistake that some naïve anti war activists made with Trump was they cherry picked a few anti interventionist quotes from him but ignored Trump’s belligerent hateful calls for violently confronting and defeating ISIS and his paranoid fixation on fighting the enemies of radical Zionism , including, first and foremost Iran. Many of us ignored his racist stereotyping and scape goating of law abiding immigrants who he demonized and blamed for everything from terrorism to street crime and unemployment. But the biggest mistake the anti-war Trumpists made was in ignoring Trump’s public record of selfishness, dishonesty, belligerence, narcissism, and self-delusion. No one should ever have trusted a self centered delusional pathological liar like Trump. Trusting this sociopath to be commander in chief of America’s nuclear arsenal is almost as insane as Trump himself. Looking forward to 2020 we need to seriously consider Rep. Tulsi Gabbard (D, HI) and contrast her record to Trump’s phony claims to represent change. Unlike Trump Gabbard served in the military and is a combat veteran twice deployed in the Iraq-Afghanistan wars. Unlike Trump, Gabbard has the courage to consistently stand up for her anti war convictions and to clearly articulate coherent anti war policies. Unlike Trump she actually travelled to Syria and met with victims, combatants on all sides and Assad himself to learn first hand what the civil war was about. She was a rising star in the Democratic Party until she resigned her post as DNC co-chair to protest the rigging the nomination for Clinton. She became the first elected official to endorse Sanders and she has introduced the “Stop Funding Terrorist Act” in Congress that would have made Trump’s $110 billion dollar arms deal illegal. Unlike Trump Gabbard has humility and is willing to admit mistakes and change. When she was the youngest woman ever elected to a state legislature in Hawaii 16 years ago, Gabbard was an outspoken opponent of gay marriage. But she changed her views after she joined the army and was deployed to Iraq. Gabbard said that her military experience shaped her anti war views and showed her first hand the horrors of a society that imposes the state’s view of morality on private citizens. My only reservations about supporting Gabbard are that a few years ago sheco-sponsored a congressional resolution backed by the Israel lobby that affirmed US support for Israel in the UN and, although Gabbard supported the Iran nuclear deal, she still believes that Iran needs to be restrained from obtaining nuclear weapons. But unlike Trump, Gabbard has shown honesty, commitment and the capacity to admit mistakes and change her views. She has also consistently demonstrated the courage to stand up for what she believes in. I hope the anti-war movement takes the opportunity in the coming years to engage Gabbard around the issues of Iran and the sinister influence and intentions of the Zionist lobby. At this point Tulsi Gabbard is our best hope for an anti-war candidate for 2020. But hoping for a bona fide anti-war candidate in 2020 is not a substitute for the grass roots organizing we need to do to oppose Trump and the neocons until we have a chance to vote for a real change. R.P. McMurphy Nobody knew having a spoiled brat lying hustler with narcissistic personality disorder as president could be so complicated. survivor Yep, it was only a matter of time before the hypocrite Trump would appear. Great article Justin. JasonSteiner Extremely disappointing. I was so excited the night Trump won, Now I lost all hope. No matter who we vote for the neocons take control. JanD Perfectly understandable reaction from Justin on Trump’s kowtowing. But it’s also completely realpolitik here. Going for “businesss as usual and then some” will definataly reassure his uneasy Republican allies and support, somewhat. They were about to let him tank in Washington, betting on Pence. Secondly, rump campaigned the most against Iran and embraced Israel already. You can’t do that without embracing the Saudis wholeheartedly as well. There’s no way forward in this region otherwise, no deal making possible (Trump is not there to disarm or reform the region but to facilitate a deal). It’s not exactly a betrayal, Justin. It was the campaign itself which was already utterly self-contradicting and impossible, remember? What’s there to betray? By accepting Trump’s extreme theroric on Israel and Iran, then still support him, how is this trip being inconsistent with any of those core messages on these “allies” during election time? So yes, Trump said a lot of things just to become elected, pushing hot buttons all over the place. But that’s how he operates and already did since decades. No secret. You got what you voted for. It’s not betrayal, it’s karma, it’s simply a direct consequence! There was no alternative however in voting Clinton. One can only hope Trump will do a few things right. Don’t expect him to re-organize the complete Middle East power structure. Who would gain from that right now? The US? First he needs to decrease direct military involvement, that above all. This means increase of involvement from the region without starting a total war. Advertise on Antiwar.com The Special Counsel Comes to Town: It’s the Moscow Trials, Revisited Did Seth Rich Contact WikiLeaks? Trump Should Meet With Kim Jong-un Shut Down the ‘Russia-gate’ Farce Farewell to Matt Drudge Full archives Justin Raimondo is the editorial director of Antiwar.com, and a senior fellow at the Randolph Bourne Institute. He is a contributing editor at The American Conservative, and writes a monthly column for Chronicles. He is the author of Reclaiming the American Right: The Lost Legacy of the Conservative Movement [Center for Libertarian Studies, 1993; Intercollegiate Studies Institute, 2000], and An Enemy of the State: The Life of Murray N. Rothbard [Prometheus Books, 2000]. Search Antiwar.com Copyright © Antiwar.com 2017 Highlights Breaking News
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS News UK World Politics General Election 2017 Science Education Health Brexit Royals Investigations More Premium Telegraph News Donald Trump's speech in Saudi Arabia wasn't really about Islam. It was about confronting Iran Shashank Joshi 21 May 2017 • 8:43pm Parts of the President's speech in Riyadh could have been given by Barack Obama Credit: Bandar Al-Jaloud/AFP Long before his election, Donald Trump tweeted: “Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next 10 years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s.” One wonders, therefore, what was going through the president’s head yesterday as verses from the Koran were played before his first overseas speech in Saudi Arabia.  As a candidate, he had declared that “Islam hates us”; as president, he sought to impose a travel ban directed at Muslim-majority countries and surrounded himself with advisers who saw a clash of civilisations. Now, he found himself urging Muslims to join hands with the US to defeat terrorism.  How did he square this circle? There was, undeniably, a moderation. Were one to lay out passages from Trump’s remarks alongside those from Barack Obama’s Cairo speech in 2009, it would be difficult to tell some apart. Of course, Trump’s language was blunter... Premium Subscribe now for full access or register to continue reading Subscribe now for full access or register to continue Register / free No Payment details required One Premium article per week Newsletters and daily briefings Comment on articles Register Premium / 30-day free trial then only £2 per week, cancel anytime Unlimited Premium articles Exclusive Subscriber Events Enjoy Telegraph Rewards Comment on articles Newsletters and daily briefings Complimentary digital access to The Washington Post Find out more Start free trial Premium Promo Subscribe today and explore Europe with Avios Collect up to 20,000 Avios with an annual subscription Find out more Terms and conditions apply Already registered? Login Print subscriber? Click here Share this article Follow Telegraph News Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Follow Telegraph News Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Related Topics Saudi Arabia Terrorism Religion Islam Middle East Donald Trump Iran Barack Obama Hassan Rouhani Show more Galleries Gallery 22 May 2017, 7:00am Gallery: Pictures of the Day: 22 May 2017 Gallery 22 May 2017, 6:42am Gallery: Pippa Middleton's wedding to James Matthews in pictures: All the celebrities and royal guests including Kate Middleton and Roger Federer Gallery 21 May 2017, 12:30pm Gallery: General Election 2017, in pictures News latest 22 May 2017, 7:57am Car-boot sale diamond ring set to fetch £350k at auction 22 May 2017, 7:48am Ruth Davidson launches furious tirade at Nicola Sturgeon over independence during TV debate 22 May 2017, 7:40am Lewd best man's speech at Pippa Middleton's wedding as 'bride is likened to a dog' 22 May 2017, 7:39am Twin Peaks, season 3, parts 1 & 2 recap: has Cooper flown the coop? 22 May 2017, 7:33am Pippa Middleton's wedding reception details revealed: Meghan Markle sat apart from Harry and waiters were models 22 May 2017, 7:11am Labour makes plea for students to register to vote by stressing manifesto pledge to abolish tuition fees Gallery 22 May 2017, 7:00am Gallery: Pictures of the Day: 22 May 2017 22 May 2017, 6:50am Oxford student who admitted stabbing boyfriend faces possible expulsion by college Gallery 22 May 2017, 6:42am Gallery: Pippa Middleton's wedding to James Matthews in pictures: All the celebrities and royal guests including Kate Middleton and Roger Federer 22 May 2017, 6:42am Harry in '100-mile trip' to pick up Meghan Markle for Pippa Middleton's wedding reception 22 May 2017, 5:02am Indonesia police arrests dozens in raid on Jakarta gay sauna 22 May 2017, 5:01am The 11 things you might have missed this weekend 22 May 2017, 4:15am Twin Peaks review – David Lynch's revival is dark and intriguing, but it lacks the original's chutzpah 4 22 May 2017, 3:53am Deadly weekend on Mount Everest as three climbers killed and one missing 01:23 22 May 2017, 3:36am Notre Dame graduates walk out on Mike Pence as he touts free speech 22 May 2017, 2:24am North Korea says new ballistic missile test confirms warhead guidance 22 May 2017, 1:41am Stop banging on about my faith, Tim Farron tells critics  22 May 2017, 1:33am Theresa May drops longstanding Tory policy to axe all mixed sex hospital wards 22 May 2017, 1:27am Conservatives' shrinking poll lead should 'focus minds' 22 May 2017, 1:22am Cabinet at odds over social care as Theresa May is confronted by a voter about 'dementia tax' 22 May 2017, 12:18am Nasa plans emergency spacewalk on International Space Station Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Branded Content Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 22, 2:31 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Elon Musk's SpaceX Can't Afford To Send Humans To Mars, According To Neil deGrasse Tyson By Rich Smith On 05/21/17 AT 11:00 PM Close This article originally appeared on the Motley Fool. A Harvard graduate, with a doctorate from Columbia and a post-doc from Princeton, Hayden Planetarium director Neil deGrasse Tyson is a certified smart guy. So when I heard Dr. Tyson had a new book coming out, Astrophysics for People in a Hurry, I ran out to pick up a copy, thinking there might be some good information in there for investors looking to profit from the surging space industry in America. Turns out, I wasn't alone. Astrophysics for People in a Hurry is already a New York Times best-seller, and the No. 1 best-selling book on  Amazon.com. • Motley  Fool  Issues Rare Triple-Buy Alert And now I see why. After reading his book, I called up Tyson to see if he'd be willing to expand a bit on some of the ideas related to the business of space exploration, and how individual investors should be thinking about the big issues of our time: Elon Musk's planned Mars mission, the Trump administration's cuts in NASA funding, and asteroid mining, among others. Here are a few insights into these matters, courtesy of America's favorite astrophysicist. Thoughts on Mars Tyson recently joked on Reddit that before going to Mars himself, he'd want to see SpaceX CEO Elon Musk send his own mother there -- and bring her back alive. And so I asked him: Exactly what objections does he have to the idea of Musk undertaking a manned mission to Mars? As it turned out, his concerns were primarily of the economic variety. "History tells me there is no business model for" a private individual exploring a new world without government backing, explains Tyson, because "there are too many unknowns." Citing the original example of New World colonization, Tyson points out that "the British East India Company didn't discover America. Columbus did." For the East India Company to try to explore the New World before Columbus blazed the trail, says Tyson, "would have been an unwise investment," because they didn't know "where the trade winds are, and where are the hostiles and where are the friendlies." It was only after a government had provided the financing for Columbus' expedition, and he had returned with some hard facts on the New World, that private companies could develop a plan to profit from it. Tyson expects the colonization of Mars to follow a similar path. "If [Musk] thinks that he, or SpaceX, is going to build a ship and be the first man to go to Mars and have no government money involved, I don't buy that," argues Tyson, qualifying that, "if he does I will be surprised and shocked." The more likely scenario, says Tyson, is that Musk might build spaceships for NASA to use for Mars exploration -- hopefully cheaper than the ones that  Boeing (NYSE:BA) and  Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) are trying to build. SpaceX might even take on the entire project as a contractor to NASA, running missions to Mars for a fee. But Tyson has serious doubts about SpaceX's ability to foot the bill for landing humans on Mars all on its own. (And I have to say, after learning what we have this year about the state of SpaceX's finances, Tyson may have a point.) Exploring the solar system in a time of deficit Of course, depending on the U.S. government to finance a trip to Mars gives rise to a whole new discussion. With the federal government in deficit and in debt, and with increasing amounts of what little money we bring in going to pay interest on the debt we've already racked up, it's debatable whether the government can afford a trip to Mars -- or even afford the International Space Station. Tyson touched on this point in Astrophysics for People in a Hurry, musing how, when contemplating the universe, one can sometimes forget that "uncounted people walk this Earth without food or shelter, and that children are disproportionately represented among them." And so I asked him: Is President Trump's proposal to cut NASA's $19.3 billion budget by approximately $200 million necessary to balance social spending against discretionary funding for space programs? • This Stock Could Be Like Buying Amazon in 1997 His reply: "If by taking NASA's $19 billion we could solve all of poverty, then I would say, 'Go ahead. Do it.' But it's not. And if that $19 billion were half the budget, then I would agree that half is too much to spend on NASA. But it is actually less than half of one 1/100th of the budget. Just fourth-tenths of one penny on your tax dollar goes to NASA." Thinking long term What's more, Tyson highlights the risks of focusing too narrowly on immediate problems at the expense of longer-term solutions. He put it to me this way: Imagine a group of people who live in a cave, and in that cave they have problems. There's a shortage of food. There's a need for firewood. Outside the cave, there's a valley, and within that valley there may be edible plants, there may be trees. So one day a cave-dweller asks: "I wonder what's outside the cave?" But elders of the cave reply: "Before you go exploring outside the cave, first you've got to solve the problems inside the cave." And that could be a problem if the solutions to the cave's problems all lie outside the cave. Tyson wonders if this is the situation we face in America today. "We wage wars over resources on Earth," he says. "But the universe is a limitless source of resources. There are asteroids in space where these resources are not rare. They're common." Folks who insist we can't invest in space exploration are like the cave elders. They say we can't look to the stars for solutions, because we've got to "keep looking down at our Earth problems and solve those first." What's outside the cave? Here, Tyson touches on another idea of interest to investors. The center of an asteroid, says Tyson, could be a literal gold mine of rare-earth elements, of gold, of platinum, of iridium. If we could capture an asteroid and crack it open, says Tyson, we might find 1,000 pounds of precious metals inside, and bring those resources back to Earth -- and that would be very valuable. In fact, Tyson declares: "The man who first learns to mine asteroids and bring back their minerals to Earth will become the first trillionaire. There's no question about that in my mind." For that matter, he suggests, "It may be that what we're doing in space is a much simpler and valuable use of resources found in space than bringing them back down to Earth." For example, it costs NASA $10,000 a pint to carry water from Earth to space. But if you can harvest water from an asteroid, which is already in space, then every pint of water discovered in space saves NASA $10,000. "There's a huge business case to be made here," says Tyson. Tyson also sees a case to be made for the space tourism initiatives of folks like Virgin Galactic founder Richard Branson and Blue Origin founder (and Amazon.com CEO) Jeff Bezos. Observing that well-heeled tourists have already proven willing to pay $20 million for visits to the International Space Station, Tyson wonders what might happen once someone offers to put tourists in orbit for $5 million, "or for $1 million, $500,000, or $100,000." "I think there is a marketplace there," muses Tyson. "Space is hard." So is investing in space Tyson sees multiple ways that the space industry could interest investors here on Earth, but, as the saying goes, "Space is hard." In a note hearkening back to Alan Greenspan's admonition about irrational exuberance, he does have one important warning for investors: "I worry that a profitable space industry may be farther away than people think. Space is expensive and it is dangerous," and profits are not guaranteed -- especially to early adopters. • 7 of 8 People Are Clueless About This Trillion-Dollar Market Nevertheless, he says, "I admire the visionaries who are moving this market forward. They will pull humanity's center of mass in the direction of exploration." Speaking of which, for fans of Tyson's television show StarTalk, the good doctor confides that filming of season 4 has already begun, and the show returns to the National Geographic Channel in the fall. Luckily, with Astrophysics for People in a Hurry in hand, investors have a lot of new ideas to mull over while we wait for him to return to the airwaves. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Neil deGrasse Tyson Tired Of Americans Denying Science 10 Best Neil deGrasse Tyson Science Tweets Recommended Business United Arab Emirates, Kenya, India And 5 Other Countries Buying Weapons From The US April was a very busy month for America's arms dealers. Technology Star’s Mysterious Flickering Sign Of An Alien Megastructure? KIC 8462852, the star observed by American astronomer Tabetha S. Boyajian in 2015 to have a unique light characteristic, has dimmed by a fifth in the last few days. World Trump Avoids Saying ‘Radical Islamic Terrorism’ In Saudi Arabia During his presidential campaign, Trump had criticized Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton for avoiding usage of the phrase. National UMD Student Murders Bowie State Student In Possible Hate Crime The FBI has taken over the case of Sean Christopher Urbanski, who has been charged with first-degree murder, second-degree murder and first-degree assault in the death of Richard Collins III. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Help using this website - Accessibility statement afr Search afr AFR News More Politics Policy Economy World Special Reports RBA Interview Series Business More Banking & Finance Mining Energy Telecommunications Retail Transport Media & Marketing Accounting Legal Small Business More Insurance Infrastructure Health Construction Tourism Manufacturing Agriculture Environmental Services Sport Gambling Markets More Equity Markets Debt Markets Currencies Commodities Derivatives Market Data Street Talk Real Estate More Commercial Residential Opinion More Editorials Letters to the Editor Columnists Technology More Mobiles & Tablets Gadgets Apps Web Social Media Gaming Cloud Computing Enterprise IT Technology Companies Personal Finance More Shares Managed Funds Fixed Income Trusts Banking Budgeting Tax Insurance Specialist Investments Superannuation & SMSFs More Portfolio Management Leadership More Management Careers Innovation Entrepreneur Workplace BRW Lists Lifestyle More Travel Food & Wine Fashion Watches & Jewellery Arts & Entertainment Cars Bikes & Boats Health Home Design All More News Politics Policy Economy World Special Reports Rear Window Business Banking & Finance Mining Energy Telecommunications Retail Transport Media & Marketing Accounting Legal Small Business Insurance Infrastructure Health Construction Tourism Manufacturing Agriculture Environmental Services Sport Gambling Markets Equity Markets Debt Markets Currencies Commodities Derivatives Market Data Street Talk Real Estate Commercial Residential Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Technology Mobiles & Tablets Gadgets Apps Web Social Media Gaming Cloud Computing Enterprise IT Technology Companies Personal Finance Shares Managed Funds Fixed Income Trusts Banking Budgeting Tax Insurance Specialist Investments Superannuation & SMSFs Leadership Management Careers Company Culture Innovation Entrepreneur BOSS Lifestyle Travel Food & Wine Fashion Watches & Jewellery Arts & Entertainment Cars, Bikes & Boats Health Home Design Asset The Australian Financial Review Magazine Luxury The Sophisticated Traveller Australia's Top Restaurants My Saved Articles (0) Done Select All Remove News My Saved Searches 0 Done Select all Delete Home News Politics World For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Opinion May 22 2017 at 12:07 PM Updated May 22 2017 at 12:07 PM Save article Print Donald Trump's Islam speech had echoes of Barack Obama Share Share via Email Share on Google Plus Post on facebook wall Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit Donald Trump promised 'a coalition of nations who share the aim of stamping out extremism'. Evan Vucci by Shashank Joshi Long before his election, Donald Trump tweeted: "Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want [demand!] free oil for the next 10 years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s." One wonders what was going through the president's head on Sunday in Riyadh, as verses from the Koran were played before his first overseas speech in Saudi Arabia. As a candidate, he had declared that "Islam hates us"; as president, he sought to impose a travel ban directed at Muslim-majority countries and surrounded himself with advisers who saw a clash of civilisations. Now, he found himself urging Muslims to join hands with the US to defeat terrorism. How did he square this circle? There was, undeniably, a moderation. Were one to lay out passages from Trump's remarks alongside those from Barack Obama's Cairo speech in 2009, it would be difficult to tell some apart. Of course, Trump's language was blunter and more effusive. But many of the ideas were the same: America was not at war with Islam, the Muslim world had to drive out extremists, and partnership was essential. Just as Obama had asked that extremists be "isolated and unwelcome in Muslim communities", so Trump asked Islamic countries four times to "drive them out". He did not embarrass his hosts by demanding that they "pay up". Nor did he make sweeping criticism of Islam, instead noting that "95 per cent of the victims of terrorism are themselves Muslim". Related Quotes 5 years 1 Day Last updated: Updating... Last updated: Updating... View full quote Company Profile ASX Announcements Expand ASX Announcements View all announcements In part, this moderation was lubricated by petrodollars. Trump hailed the "blessed news" that the US and Saudi Arabia had signed $US400 billion of agreements, including a $US110 billion arms deal, creating hundreds of thousands of jobs. But the real glue between Trump's administration and the Arab states is found elsewhere. Trump promised "a coalition of nations who share the aim of stamping out extremism". Such a coalition exists. It is called the Global Coalition Against Daesh and it was formed in 2014. By and large, it worked. Isil was stripped of territory and left clinging to a handful of cities. Arab states provided bases, but their role was negligible. They conducted a minuscule number of airstrikes, soon turning their attention to a war that would devastate Yemen. Why? The answer can be found in one word: Iran. Arab states watched with horror as Iran-backed Shia militias dominated the fight against Isil, indulged - in Saudi eyes - by an Obama administration eager to protect its nuclear deal with Iran. So Trump's speech was, above all, a picking of sides. "The Iranian regime has been the spearhead of global terrorism," declared Saudi Arabia's King Salman yesterday. Trump agreed, saying it had "fuelled the fires of sectarian conflict and terror". It is this subject, more than anything, that unites the ideologues and pragmatists at the White House. They hope that by siding unambiguously with their Arab allies against Iran, those allies will in turn step up the fight against jihadists. There are many ways in which the US could aggressively push back at Iran's influence in the Middle East. Some, such as disrupting flows of Iranian money and arms to Hizbollah, should be welcomed. But others, such as targeting Iran-backed militias in Iraq, could not only disrupt the ground campaign against Isil but also provoke retaliation against the growing number of US troops in the region. The irony is that Trump's speech came a day after the election of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani over rivals who would have been more aggressively anti-American. It would therefore be a mistake to think that this speech was about the Muslim world as a whole. A majority of Muslims live not in the Middle East, but in the Pacific; the world's three largest Muslim populations are in Indonesia, Pakistan, and India. So while Trump framed his remarks as coming from the "heart of the Muslim world", it is wrong to cast this absolutist monarchy, with its harsh, austere vision of Islam, as the essence of a religion that includes dozens of democracies - Indonesia, Senegal, or Tunisia - with far more progressive views of women's rights, religious freedom, and political competition. That distinction underlines why this speech was really less about religion than about plain geopolitics. Shashank Joshi is a senior research fellow at the Royal United Services Institute magazine.afr.com The Telegraph, London Share Share via Email Share on Google Plus Post on facebook wall Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit Advertisement Advertisement Related articles Ellerston Capital funds tech firm 19 mins ago Ford to replace CEO Mark Fields 1 hr ago India's biggest tax reform in 70 years Trump 'leak' no risk to Australia's spies 35 mins ago Trump faces battle to win budget support Latest Stories Frasers secure PFD for $70m warehouse 2 min ago Record $970 million bid from China buyers 7 mins ago HT&E denies M&A talks with Seven 26 mins ago More Advertisement 3 books of the month 10 top pieces from Milan Furniture Fair How will virtual reality affect fashion? Why Mark Carnegie hosts literary dinners 'Small things take your mind off business' Epic fail on gender diversity CSL's Paul Perreault eyes the long game Are nice leaders effective? SBS's data driven future The revolution has begun This executive strives for peak experiences abroad 'Good schnitty': Dinner with chef Lachlan Colwill Ski.Eat.Ski: The life of Tobie Puttock Where top chef Neil Perry retreats to relax Where to eat in Paris? Ask a croissant queen Special Reports Employee awareness crucial in cyber defence Defence industry on guard against new threats Design ties the elements together Sydney becomes the creative hub of the region Digital makeover seduces reluctant welding heir Fairfax Media Publications Pty Ltd © Copyright 2017 Reprints & Permissions Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions of Use Experience afr.com free for 1 month Enjoy unlimited access to Australia's best business news and market insights across desktop, tablet and mobile Find out more Already a subscriber? Log in Close You have left for this month. For unlimited access upgrade to Premium Digital Find out more Close
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian “Wings of Freedom” heritage aircraft and… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: New water park Pippa Middleton wedding Buster vs. Belt? Shocking sea lion video Billboard Awards Ringling Bros’ final show News California News “Wings of Freedom” heritage aircraft and veterans at Moffett Field Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Chris Hurford services a B-24 bomber as people mill around a B-25 in the distance on Sunday, May 21, 2017, at the Wings of Freedom show at Moffett Field in Mountain View, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) World War II veteran David Campbell tells stories of piloting a B-24 bomber, Sunday, May 21, 2017, to people of all ages visiting the Wings of Freedom show at Moffett Field in Mountain View, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) World War II veteran David Campbell, 94, of San Mateo, tells stories of piloting a B-24 bomber, Sunday, May 21, 2017, at the Wings of Freedom show at Moffett Field in Mountain View, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) World War II veterans David Campbell and Jack Ferriss sit in the shade of a B-24 bomber, Sunday, May 21, 2017, at the Wings of Freedom show at Moffett Field in Mountain View, Calif. The two shared stories of their adventures in World War II as crew aboard the B-24. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) World War II Jack Ferriss, 93, tells stories of navigating a B-24 bomber, Sunday, May 21, 2017, at the Wings of Freedom show at Moffett Field in Mountain View, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) Army veteran Robert Trouard (left) and Navy veteran Donald Weed chat in the shadow of a B-24 on display at Moffett Field on Sunday, May 21, 2017, at the Wings of Freedom show in Mountain View, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) People wait in line to climb the steps of a B-17 bomber named the Nine o Nine, on Sunday, May 21, 2017, at the Wings of Freedom show at Moffett Field in Mountain View, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) A B-25 bomber prepares for take off at Moffett Field on Sunday, May 21, 2017, as a line of people wait to board a B-17 bomber at the Wings of Freedom show in Mountain View, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) A B-25 bomber, taxis past Hangar 1 at Moffett Field on Sunday, May 21, 2017, at the Wings of Freedom show in Mountain View, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) A B-25 bomber flies Sunday, May 21, 2017, over Moffett Field during the the Wings of Freedom show in Mountain View, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) A B-25 bomber flies Sunday, May 21, 2017, over Moffett Field during the the Wings of Freedom show in Mountain View, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) People wait in line to climb the steps of a B-17 bomber, Sunday, May 21, 2017, at the Wings of Freedom show at Moffett Field in Mountain View, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) People wait in line to climb the steps of a B-17 bomber, Sunday, May 21, 2017, at the Wings of Freedom show at Moffett Field in Mountain View, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) Show Caption of Expand By Lisa M. Krieger | lkrieger@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group PUBLISHED: May 21, 2017 at 5:49 pm | UPDATED: May 21, 2017 at 7:11 pm MOUNTAIN VIEW — Precious and fragile, twin survivors of World War II gathered at Moffett Field on Sunday: brave old men and their cherished machines. Together in their youth, the fighters and aircraft helped win a war that raged across six continents and led to today’s technologies such as jets, ballistic missiles, medical miracles, and computers. Now, decades later, they are reunited for the Massachusetts-based Collings Foundation’s “Wings of Freedom” tour, which brings veterans and historic aviation to communities across the country. “They’re reliable,” said 93-year-old Jack Ferriss, proudly — the highest praise a pilot could offer of a B-24 aircraft that took him on 28 fearsome missions over war-torn Europe. Pilot Dave Campbell, 94, gazed at the B-24 and said: “It allowed me to kill people that wanted to take over my country.” The authentically restored aircraft are among the few that are still in the air. Although thousands of planes were made for the war effort, most were turned into scrap after the war, said Foundation organizer Kory Stendell. The veterans are vanishing, too. With age and aching joints slowing even the hardiest of old airmen, every year it gets harder to find storytellers, Stendell said. Once he had 200 docents; now there are three. Unlike the static displays in museums, these planes actually fly, arriving on Friday from Monterey for a six-day stay at Moffett Field. Visitors get to hear the engines, smell the fumes, explore the cabins, even climb aboard and take to the skies. On display is “Witchcraft,” a B-24J Liberator bomber and the sole remaining example of its type flying in the world.There’s a Boeing 17 Flying Fortress “Nine-O-Nine” bomber, one of only eight in flying condition in the world. The Mustang “Betty Jane” fighter and B-25 Mitchell “Tondelayo” bomber are other famed flying war machines. Veterans’ memories are equally resilient. Tail gunner Tom Boyd, 91, and pilots Ferriss and Campbell recounted skirts with death. Boyd, of Sunnyvale, was shot down in Yugoslavia; Ferris, in Italy. Both parachuted to safety, then went on to fly more missions. Campbell said he flew in tight formation through blinding clouds for two hours over the enemy-held part of the Pacific theater, relying on the plane’s instruments. When they emerged, only his and the lead plane remained. At Guadalcanal, on the Solomon Islands, “I was double-loaded,” heavy with bombs, “and didn’t know it,” Campbell said. “In Guam, up out in the jungle, I saw the trees go overhead but there was nowhere else to go.” They recalled temperatures that plunged below zero, the deafening roar of engines and the unknown fate that faced them each time they climbed aboard. “You get your butt frozen off,” Campbell said. Were they scared? “Every time,” Boyd said. The B17 was a quick-climbing machine, they recalled. The B24 was hard to fly, “but not if you caressed it,” Campbell said. The B25 was “the noisiest damn airplane in the world. … I couldn’t hear myself for a month. But it was the best damn aircraft at that altitude that you can find.” Wide-eyed youngsters gazed at the spare aircraft, a far cry from today’s commercial aircraft with WiFi, in-seat movies and reclining seats, where the biggest threat is a surly TSA agent. Retired aircraft design engineer Franz Kratz, 83, of Los Altos, reflected on the rich history and compared aircraft, admiring how the symmetrical airfoil of the P-51 Mustang wings surpassed the British Spitfire, for instance. Modern planes are so much safer, he added, with thick plated aluminum and propulsion by spinning fans, not pistons. “These are fascinating,” he said. “They represent the world war and the things we had at the time.” With every year, as World War II slips further away from living memory and deeper into the history books, displays like “Wings Of Freedom” become more important, Stendell said. The faint echoes of combat have all but faded — but the surviving men and their planes remind us. “If we forget about it,” he said, “it’s all for naught.” ——————— WINGS OF FREEDOM TOUR WHERE: Moffett Airfield, at base operations under the control tower (take Ellis St. exit off Highway 101) WHEN: The tour is on display until the aircraft departs after 5 p.m. Saturday . Hours of tours and display: 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. A 30-minute flight experience on either the B-17 or B-24 is $450 per person. P-51 flight training is $2,200 for a half-hour and $3,200 for a full hour. B-25 flights are $400 per person. For reservations and information on flight experiences, call 800-568-8924. WHO: Proceeds benefit the Collings Foundation, which seeks to preserve American aviation and automobile history. The Collings Foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit educational foundation devoted to organizing “living history” events that allow people to learn more about their heritage and history through direct participation. For more information, go to collingsfoundation.org or call 800-568-8924. Tags:  War Lisa M. Krieger Lisa M. Krieger is a science writer at The Mercury News, covering research, scientific policy and environmental news from Stanford University, the University of California, NASA-Ames, U.S. Geological Survey and other Bay Area-based research facilities. Lisa also contributes to the Videography team. She graduated from Duke University with a degree in biology. Outside of work, she enjoys photography, backpacking, swimming and bird-watching. Follow Lisa M. Krieger LisaMKrieger Follow Lisa M. Krieger @lisamkrieger Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Ask Amy: After three dates, I want to confront this girl about her problem Miss Manners: Is death now just another of life’s ‘pay me’ occasions? Carolyn Hax: I hate it when house guests try to ‘help’ Startling video shows sea lion snatching girl from pier San Jose State football player stabbed in downtown altercation Man arrested after allegedly stabbing woman, kids, baby Kawakami: The Warriors’ 3-0 lead is a message to the Cavaliers Morgan Hill: Man held in family stabbing ‘increasingly despondent’ More in California News San Jose congregation talks Trump, Islamophobia May 21, 2017, 5:15 pm First Congregational Church of San Jose and the Islamic Networks Group held the meeting on Sunday to open dialog with congregation and community members on what Islamophobia can look like and what people of any faith can do to fight it. Spare the Air day returns to Bay Area on Monday May 21, 2017, 2:45 pm The second alert of the summer season alert will be in effect for Monday and comes after temperatures in some far East Bay locations moved into the 90s on Sunday for the second straight day. California Rep. Schiff discusses his sudden prominence amid `Russiagate’ — and what his kids think May 21, 2017, 1:03 pm With his face all over the news, the congressman is suddenly getting stopped on the street. His kids think it’s hilarious. Winners in the Bay to Breakers race in San Francisco May 21, 2017, 11:46 am Philemon Cheboi won the male division and the overall race with a time of 34 minutes, 48 seconds. Buze Diriba won the female division with a time of 39:48. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals General Election 17 World Finance Celebrity Sport Science & Tech Motoring TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral How Rocket Fuel Mined From The Moon Will Get Us to Mars Gary Li Newsweek 20 May 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share This article originally appeared on The Conversation.  Forty-five years have passed since humans last set foot on an extraterrestrial body. Now, the moon is back at the center of efforts not only to explore space, but to create a permanent, independent space-faring society. Planning expeditions to Earth’s nearest celestial neighbor is no longer just a NASA effort, though the U.S. space agency has plans for a moon-orbiting space station that would serve as a staging ground for Mars missions in the early 2030s. The United Launch Alliance, a joint venture between Lockheed Martin and Boeing, is planning a lunar fueling station for spacecraft, capable of supporting 1,000 people living in space within 30 years. Trending: Enes Kanter Held in Romania: Turkish NBA Star Says Anti-Erdogan Views Got Passport Revoked Billionaires Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos and Robert Bigelow all have companies aiming to deliver people or goods to the moon. Several teams competing for a share of Google’s US$30 million cash prize are planning to launch rovers to the moon. Black MoonMore The moon prior to the Penumbral Eclipse, Somerset, England, September 28, 2015. Russian aerospace designer Energia is planning to send space tourists on a flyby visit to the International Space Station (ISS). Matt Cardy/Getty We and 27 other students from around the world recently participated in the 2017 Caltech Space Challenge, proposing designs of what a lunar launch and supply station for deep space missions might look like, and how it would work. The Raw Materials for Rocket Fuel Right now all space missions are based on, and launched from, Earth. But Earth’s gravitational pull is strong. To escape Earth’s gravity, a rocket has to be traveling 11 kilometers a second–25,000 miles per hour! Any rocket leaving Earth has to carry all the fuel it will ever use to get to its destination and, if needed, back again. That fuel is heavy–and getting it moving at such high speeds takes a lot of energy. If we could refuel in orbit, that launch energy could lift more people or cargo or scientific equipment into orbit. Then the spacecraft could refuel in space, where Earth’s gravity is less powerful. The moon has one-sixth the gravity of Earth, which makes it an attractive alternative base. The moon also has ice, which we already know how to process into a hydrogen-oxygen propellant that we use in many modern rockets. Roving Luna NASA’s Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter and Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite missions have already found substantial amounts of ice in permanently shadowed craters on the moon. Don't miss: What Does Hassan Rouhani’s Victory Mean for the Iran Nuclear Deal? Those locations would be tricky to mine because they are colder and offer no sunlight to power roving vehicles. However, we could install big mirrors on the craters’ rims to illuminate solar panels in the permanently shadowed regions. Rovers from Google’s Lunar X Prize competition and NASA’s Lunar Resource Prospector, set to launch in 2020, would also contribute to finding good locations to mine ice. Imagining a Moon Base Depending on where the best ice reserves are, we might need to build several small robotic moon bases. Each one would mine ice, manufacture liquid propellant and transfer it to passing spacecraft. Our team developed plans to accomplish those tasks with three different types of rovers. Our plans also require a few small robotic shuttles to meet up with nearby deep-space mission vehicles in lunar orbit. One rover, which we call the Prospector, would explore the moon and find ice-bearing locations. A second rover, the Constructor, would follow along behind, building a launch pad and packing down roadways to ease movements for the third rover type, the Miners, which actually collect the ice and deliver it to nearby storage tanks and an electrolysis processing plant that splits water into hydrogen and oxygen. Read More The Constructor would also build a landing pad where the small near-moon transport spacecraft we call Lunar Resupply Shuttles would arrive to collect fuel for delivery as newly launched spacecraft pass by the moon. The shuttles would burn moon-made fuel and would have advanced guidance and navigation systems to travel between lunar bases and their target spacecraft. A Gas Station in Space When enough fuel is being produced, and the shuttle delivery system is tested and reliable, our plan calls for building a gas station in space. The shuttles would deliver ice directly to the orbiting fuel depot, where it would be processed into fuel and where rockets heading to Mars or elsewhere could dock to top up. The depot would have large solar arrays powering an electrolysis module for melting the ice and then turning the water into fuel, and large fuel tanks to store what’s made. NASA is already working on most of the technology needed for a depot like this, including docking and fuel transfer. We anticipate a working depot could be ready in the early 2030s, just in time for the first human missions to Mars. Most popular: Trump Receives Saudi Welcome As Scandal Brews at Home To be most useful and efficient, the depot should be located in a stable orbit relatively near both the Earth and the moon. The Earth-moon Lagrangian Point 1 (L1) is a point in space about 85 percent of the way from Earth to the moon, where the force of Earth’s gravity would exactly equal the force of the moon’s gravity pulling in the other direction. It’s the perfect pit stop for a spacecraft on its way to Mars or the outer planets. Leaving Earth Our team also found a fuel-efficient way to get spacecraft from Earth orbit to the depot at L1, requiring even less launch fuel and freeing up more lift energy for cargo items. First, the spacecraft would launch from Earth into Low Earth Orbit with an empty propellant tank. Then, the spacecraft and its cargo could be towed from Low Earth Orbit to the depot at L1 using a solar electric propulsion tug, a spacecraft largely propelled by solar-powered electric thrusters. This would let us triple the payload delivery to Mars. At present, a human Mars mission is estimated to cost as much as US$100 billion, and will need hundreds of tons of cargo. Delivering more cargo from Earth to Mars with fewer rocket launches would save billions of dollars and years of time. A Base for Space Exploration Building a gas station between Earth and the moon would also reduce costs for missions beyond Mars. NASA is looking for extraterrestrial life on the moons of Saturn and Jupiter. Future spacecraft could carry much more cargo if they could refuel in space–who knows what scientific discoveries sending large exploration vehicles to these moons could enable? By helping us escape both Earth’s gravity and dependence on its resources, a lunar gas station could be the first small step toward the giant leap into making humanity an interplanetary civilization. Editor’s Note: This story was updated to clarify the distinction between escape velocity and the velocity needed to achieve orbit. Gary Li is a Ph.D. Candidate in Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering, University of California, Los Angeles. Danielle DeLatte is a Ph.D. Student in Aeronautics & Astronautics, University of Tokyo. Jerome Gilleron is a Ph.D. Candidate in Aerospace Engineering, Georgia Institute of Technology. Samuel Wald is a Ph.D. Student in Aeronautics and Astronautics, Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Therese Jones is a Ph.D. Candidate in Public Policy, Pardee RAND Graduate School. The ConversationMore More from Newsweek Giant Waves on a Lava Lake the Size of Wales Seen on Jupiter’s Volcanic Moon Io Man on Mars: NASA Plans to Test Deep Space Exploration With New Spaceport Orbiting the Moon NASA Is Launching a Rocket into Space to Take 1,500 Images of the Sun in Five Minutes Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next NASA plans emergency space walk on International Space Station Business Insider UK Scary space movie 'Alien' dethrones funny space movie 'Guardians' at box office AFP Harry in '100-mile trip' to pick up Meghan Markle for Pippa Middleton's wedding reception The Telegraph 'Alien megastructure' mystery captivates astronomers as star starts flickering again The Independent Car Ploughs Into Crowds at Times Square Storyful Pictures of the week: Gardens, gloves and gateways Liverpool to beat Tottenham Hotspur in race for Demarai Gray International Business Times Art-lover alters 'miserable' classical portraits to give them cheesy grins 5 things that will happen to your body when you turn vegetarian Yahoo UK Originals Mount Everest's Hillary Step collapses  The Telegraph These are the world's most endangered species English wedding: Pippa Middleton marries as royals look on Associated Press Barcelona’s decline: Terrible transfers & La Masia betrayal doomed Messi & Co. Sporting News How the mainstream media covered the Labour manifesto Pippa Middleton's wedding: What we know so far News Video Wayne Shaw Lands First Football Job at AFC Totton After Sutton United Pie-Gate Scandal 90Min By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 241% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 110% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/21/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 241% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 110% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/21/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Neil deGrasse Tyson Talks Astrophysics and Space Investing With The Motley Fool Will we really visit Mars in our lifetimes? And if so, on whose spaceship? Rich Smith (TMFDitty) May 20, 2017 at 10:13AM A Harvard graduate, with a doctorate from Columbia and a post-doc from Princeton, Hayden Planetarium director Neil deGrasse Tyson is a certified smart guy. So when I heard Dr. Tyson had a new book coming out, Astrophysics for People in a Hurry, I ran out to pick up a copy, thinking there might be some good information in there for investors looking to profit from the surging space industry in America. Turns out, I wasn't alone. Astrophysics for People in a Hurry is already a New York Times best-seller, and the No. 1 best-selling book on Amazon.com. And now I see why. Image source: Used with permission from W.W. Norton & Co.  After reading his book, I called up Tyson to see if he'd be willing to expand a bit on some of the ideas related to the business of space exploration, and how individual investors should be thinking about the big issues of our time: Elon Musk's planned Mars mission, the Trump administration's cuts in NASA funding, and asteroid mining, among others. Here are a few insights into these matters, courtesy of America's favorite astrophysicist. Thoughts on Mars Tyson recently joked on Reddit that before going to Mars himself, he'd want to see SpaceX CEO Elon Musk send his own mother there -- and bring her back alive. And so I asked him: Exactly what objections does he have to the idea of Musk undertaking a manned mission to Mars? As it turned out, his concerns were primarily of the economic variety. "History tells me there is no business model for" a private individual exploring a new world without government backing, explains Tyson, because "there are too many unknowns." Citing the original example of New World colonization, Tyson points out that "the British East India Company didn't discover America. Columbus did." For the East India Company to try to explore the New World before Columbus blazed the trail, says Tyson, "would have been an unwise investment," because they didn't know "where the trade winds are, and where are the hostiles and where are the friendlies." It was only after a government had provided the financing for Columbus' expedition, and he had returned with some hard facts on the New World, that private companies could develop a plan to profit from it. Tyson expects the colonization of Mars to follow a similar path. "If [Musk] thinks that he, or SpaceX, is going to build a ship and be the first man to go to Mars and have no government money involved, I don't buy that," argues Tyson, qualifying that, "if he does I will be surprised and shocked." The more likely scenario, says Tyson, is that Musk might build spaceships for NASA to use for Mars exploration -- hopefully cheaper than the ones that Boeing (NYSE:BA) and Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) are trying to build. SpaceX might even take on the entire project as a contractor to NASA, running missions to Mars for a fee. But Tyson has serious doubts about SpaceX's ability to foot the bill for landing humans on Mars all on its own. (And I have to say, after learning what we have this year about the state of SpaceX's finances, Tyson may have a point.) Exploring the solar system in a time of deficit Of course, depending on the U.S. government to finance a trip to Mars gives rise to a whole new discussion. With the federal government in deficit and in debt, and with increasing amounts of what little money we bring in going to pay interest on the debt we've already racked up, it's debatable whether the government can afford a trip to Mars -- or even afford the International Space Station. Tyson touched on this point in Astrophysics for People in a Hurry, musing how, when contemplating the universe, one can sometimes forget that "uncounted people walk this Earth without food or shelter, and that children are disproportionately represented among them." And so I asked him: Is President Trump's proposal to cut NASA's $19.3 billion budget by approximately $200 million necessary to balance social spending against discretionary funding for space programs? His reply: "If by taking NASA's $19 billion we could solve all of poverty, then I would say, 'Go ahead. Do it.' But it's not. And if that $19 billion were half the budget, then I would agree that half is too much to spend on NASA. But it is actually less than half of one 1/100th of the budget. Just fourth-tenths of one penny on your tax dollar goes to NASA." Thinking long term What's more, Tyson highlights the risks of focusing too narrowly on immediate problems at the expense of longer-term solutions. He put it to me this way: Imagine a group of people who live in a cave, and in that cave they have problems. There's a shortage of food. There's a need for firewood. Outside the cave, there's a valley, and within that valley there may be edible plants, there may be trees. So one day a cave-dweller asks: "I wonder what's outside the cave?" But elders of the cave reply: "Before you go exploring outside the cave, first you've got to solve the problems inside the cave." And that could be a problem if the solutions to the cave's problems all lie outside the cave. Tyson wonders if this is the situation we face in America today. "We wage wars over resources on Earth," he says. "But the universe is a limitless source of resources. There are asteroids in space where these resources are not rare. They're common." Folks who insist we can't invest in space exploration are like the cave elders. They say we can't look to the stars for solutions, because we've got to "keep looking down at our Earth problems and solve those first." What's outside the cave? Here, Tyson touches on another idea of interest to investors. The center of an asteroid, says Tyson, could be a literal gold mine of rare-earth elements, of gold, of platinum, of iridium. If we could capture an asteroid and crack it open, says Tyson, we might find 1,000 pounds of precious metals inside, and bring those resources back to Earth -- and that would be very valuable. In fact, Tyson declares: "The man who first learns to mine asteroids and bring back their minerals to Earth will become the first trillionaire. There's no question about that in my mind." For that matter, he suggests, "It may be that what we're doing in space is a much simpler and valuable use of resources found in space than bringing them back down to Earth." For example, it costs NASA $10,000 a pint to carry water from Earth to space. But if you can harvest water from an asteroid, which is already in space, then every pint of water discovered in space saves NASA $10,000. "There's a huge business case to be made here," says Tyson. Tyson also sees a case to be made for the space tourism initiatives of folks like Virgin Galactic founder Richard Branson and Blue Origin founder (and Amazon.com CEO) Jeff Bezos. Observing that well-heeled tourists have already proven willing to pay $20 million for visits to the International Space Station, Tyson wonders what might happen once someone offers to put tourists in orbit for $5 million, "or for $1 million, $500,000, or $100,000." "I think there is a marketplace there," muses Tyson. "Space is hard." So is investing in space Tyson sees multiple ways that the space industry could interest investors here on Earth, but, as the saying goes, "Space is hard." In a note hearkening back to Alan Greenspan's admonition about irrational exuberance, he does have one important warning for investors: "I worry that a profitable space industry may be farther away than people think. Space is expensive and it is dangerous," and profits are not guaranteed -- especially to early adopters. Nevertheless, he says, "I admire the visionaries who are moving this market forward. They will pull humanity's center of mass in the direction of exploration." Speaking of which, for fans of Tyson's television show StarTalk, the good doctor confides that filming of season 4 has already begun, and the show returns to the National Geographic Channel in the fall. Luckily, with Astrophysics for People in a Hurry in hand, investors have a lot of new ideas to mull over while we wait for him to return to the airwaves. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Article Info May 20, 2017 at 10:13AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $180.76 up $3.36 (1.89%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $272.79 up $5.47 (2.05%) Read More Southwest Airlines Steals JetBlue's Crown in the 2017 J.D. Power Rankings Elon Musk Sends Seemingly Mixed Messages on Tesla's Valuation 3 Value Stocks for Ambitious Investors Latest Developments From the 3D Printing Industry Who Will Replace the A-10 Warthog? Textron Has a 2-in-3 Chance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Neil deGrasse Tyson Talks Astrophysics and Space Investing With The Motley Fool @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $LMT
Monday, May 22, 2017 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Search Why so many young Chicago men pull the trigger What do shareholders really gain if Tribune's parent scoops up the Sun-Times? The Chicago Sky's quest for profitability after trading Delle Donne USG bets on robots The doctor is out Meet Chicago's coffee kingpin: Byron Trott A microphone industry leader's next act How deserted lies the state, once so full of people! Best places to buy a home Is there anyone on board who knows how to fly a plane? × Why so many young Chicago men pull the trigger What do shareholders really gain if Tribune's parent scoops up the Sun-Times? The Chicago Sky's quest for profitability after trading Delle Donne USG bets on robots The doctor is out Meet Chicago's coffee kingpin: Byron Trott A microphone industry leader's next act How deserted lies the state, once so full of people! Best places to buy a home Is there anyone on board who knows how to fly a plane? × Weather × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics Andy Shaw City and County Government Greg Hinz Rich Miller State and Federal Government Opinion & Columnists Editorial Editorial Cartoon Opinion Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Kapos Takes Names Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech Shaw on Government Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move May 20, 2017 By Sabrina Gasulla Fresh data See which Chicago public companies won and which lost last year For the second year in a row, Walgreens Boots Alliance holds the No. 1 spot on Crain's annual list of largest publicly traded companies. The list is ranked by 2016 revenue and includes 147 publicly tr... To see the full article, subscribe or log in. Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communication, Inc.
Breaking News Trump to visit Israel in search of revived peace process North Korea says missile tests warhead guidance, ready for deployment Medicaid cuts coming in Trump budget: Washington Post Disagreements surface over China-backed trade deal Notre Dame graduates walk out on Pence as he touts free speech Shareholders take Akzo Nobel to court in effort to aid PPG takeover Trump's FBI comments to Russians were aimed at cooperation: aides Drake wins record 13 Billboard Music awards Protesters call for Temer resignation as uncertainty grips Brazil NASA plans emergency spacewalk on International Space Station Mon 22 May 2017 - 25 Shaban 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → Canada to be ‘firm’ in trade conflicts with US Canada to be ‘firm’ in trade conflicts with US Saturday 20th, May 2017 / 17:34 Written by Oman Observer in Business OTTAWA: Prime Minister Justin Trudeau vowed a “firm” and unwavering defence of Canadian interests in the face of US trade attacks. ‘‘We’re going to continue to work very, very hard to defend Canada’s interests,” he said. In late April, the United States imposed a duty on timber imported from Canada and threatened similar sanctions on Canadian dairy products. On Thursday, the US Department of Commerce launched an investigation at the request of aerospace manufacturer Boeing into alleged dumping of aircraft built by its Canadian rival Bombardier, with Canadian government financial support, into the US market. On all of these issues, “we will always be resolute and firm in how we stand up for Canadian interests,” Trudeau said. “On the issue of aeronautics, we will always defend Canada’s companies… and workers.” On Thursday, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland threatened to cancel Ottawa’s purchase of Boeing fighter jets if the US did not back off its attacks on Bombardier. The same day, the US government formally launched the process to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. US President Donald Trump has assailed the continental trade pact as “the worst trade deal maybe ever signed anywhere.” Nafta negotiations between Canada, Mexico and the United States are to formally start in August after a 90-day consultation process. — AFP About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Boeing scrambles to save big Canada fighter jet deal International Coaching Week inspires personal and professional growth → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent HM thanked by Saudi King New centre to fight terror funding Oman Air to focus on consolidation, no new routes this year Civil Service Council reviews report on training plans Read More ... Facebook Twitter 16 minutes agoSultanate ranked 5th on Arab level in labour market efficiency /t.co/CVj4bY8VEc @MOCI_OMAN @manpowergov /t.co/7PXIQvM3nF 31 minutes agoCode of ethics for media in #Sultanate soon /t.co/Xou6T70NoQ @omaninfo1 @SQU_Info /t.co/7dMNciBfhR 37 minutes agoAqar launches Q Series retail brand /t.co/DV04f301RG Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Contract Awards / US, Saudi Arabia Ink Potential $110B Weapons Sales Package US, Saudi Arabia Ink Potential $110B Weapons Sales Package Jane Edwards May 22, 2017 Contract Awards, News 10 Views President Donald Trump and Saudi King Salman bin Abd al-Aziz Al Saud have signed a potential $110 billion package of weapons sales agreements in an effort to advance global security and economic development initiatives between the U.S. and Saudi Arabia. The White House said Saturday Trump also inked a Joint Strategic Vision Statement with Salman to facilitate defense collaboration, fight violent extremism and counter terrorism financing efforts. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Saudi Crown Prince Mohamed bin Nayef and Deputy Crown Prince Mohamed bin Salman joined Trump and Salman at the signing ceremony Saturday. Saudi Arabia has announced plans to buy approximately $28 billion in air and missile defense platforms, tactical and rotary wing aircraft and combat ships from Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT), the company said Saturday. The agreements include a letter of intent to establish a joint venture between Lockheed and Taqnia to support final assembly work on approximately 150 units of S-70 Black Hawk helicopters and a memorandum of understanding to advance collaboration between Lockheed and Saudi Arabian Military Industries to develop Multi-Mission Surface Combatant ships, aerostats and other defense platforms. Marillyn Hewson, Lockheed chairman, president and CEO and inductee into Executive Mosaic’s Wash100 for 2017, said the agreements seek to support the Saudi government’s Vision 2030 initiative, build up regional security and advance job creation programs between the two countries. Lockheed noted the agreements with Saudi government are expected to support at least 18,000 U.S. jobs. The defense package also includes the procurement of Chinook helicopters, P-8 reconnaissance aircraft, guided weapon systems and related support services from Boeing (NYSE: BA). Boeing said Sunday it will also form a joint venture with Saudi government to offer sustainment assistance for the Middle Eastern country’s military platforms and that it agreed with SaudiGulf Airlines to facilitate the sale of up to 16 airplanes. A joint venture between Boeing, Saudia Aerospace Engineering Industries and Alsalam Aerospace Industries – Saudi Rotorcraft Support Co. – has received a commercial registration certificate from the Saudi government to provide support services for the country’s commercial and military helicopters. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags aerostat Alsalam Aerospace Industries Boeing chinook Donald Trump featured govcon letter of intent Lockheed Martin Marillyn Hewson Mohamed bin Nayef Mohamed bin Salman Multi-Mission Surface Combatant p-8 Rex Tillerson S-70 Black Hawk Salman bin Abd al-Aziz Al Saud Saudi Arabian Military Industries Saudi Rotorcraft Support Co. Saudia Aerospace Engineering Industries SaudiGulf Airlines TAQNIA Vision 2030 Related Articles May 22 Morning Report: Friday Close – GovCon Index Down and Markets Reverse Mid Week Slump May 22, 2017 May 19 Market Close: GovCon Index and Market Indices Close Week on a Strong Note May 19, 2017 U.S. CIO Margie Graves: Thanks to 2015 Cyber Security Sprint, Feds Avoid Wannacry Virus May 19, 2017 Check Also AECOM Subsidiary Lands $264M Contract to Support NASA Marshall Facility Operations AECOM (NYSE: ACM) has secured a $263.9 million performance-based contract to help NASA operate and maintain … Former RSA Exec Jacklyn Wynn Joins Mitre in VP, Director Roles Jacklyn Wynn, former vice president of strategy and market development for global public sector at … Archives Archives Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags US, Saudi Arabia Ink Potential $110B Weapons Sales Package May 22, 2017 May 22 Morning Report: Friday Close – GovCon Index Down and Markets Reverse Mid Week Slump May 22, 2017 May 19 Market Close: GovCon Index and Market Indices Close Week on a Strong Note May 19, 2017 Dell EMC’s Steve Harris: Hybrid Cloud a Fed Spending Priority in Push for IT Modernization May 19, 2017 Lockheed’s Sikorsky Lands Army Contract for Black Hawk Tail Rotor Blade Repairs May 19, 2017 Day & Zimmermann Takes Full Ownership of Security Firm SOC; Hal Yoh Comments January 8, 2015 49,611 GovCon Executive Names Bill Dean of M.C. Dean a ‘CEO Who Cares’ August 17, 2010 43,355 Executive Mosaic Launches GovConIndex October 2, 2014 42,826 POC Extends Industry, Leadership Conversation to Critical Infrastructure March 19, 2014 42,665 ExecutiveBiz Announces Top 20 People to Watch in 2010 December 9, 2009 34,367 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... govcon featured Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz Lockheed Martin Defense Department Contract Awards business news Financial News Northrop Grumman government contracting Raytheon Contract Award Boeing Executive moves DOD General Dynamics nyse news GovCon Index financial report SAIC U.S. Air Force U.S. Navy BAE Systems press release Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz Jacobs Secures $130M Contract to Support Army Electronic Proving Ground; Darren Kraabel Comments SAP NS2’s Mark Testoni Urges Better Protection, Management of Legacy Systems Fortinet Names Former NSA, Commerce Officials as Directors for Newly Launched Federal Business DSCA Names Lockheed, Raytheon Prime Contractors on Potential $2B Missile Sale to UAE Angie Casper Joins LMI as SVP, Chief Human Resource Officer Booz Allen Names Retired Army General as Senior Exec Adviser, ‘Defense Futures’ Fellow @Follow Me New post: May 22 Morning Report: Friday Close – GovCon Index Down and Markets Reverse Mid Week Slump https://t.co/lygipmcagJ1 hour ago Don't miss your chance to hear from leaders of @DeptofDefense @USNavy @usairforce @JHUAPL & more! #POCUnmanned… https://t.co/r616UUPN8P10 hours ago Do you have a question for the panel? Register: https://t.co/jV5PDyXGef #govcon #cybersecurity https://t.co/LI0IMUR0cc12 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
SUBSCRIBE NOW$5.00 a month Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 101 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Ford ousts CEO Fields in management shake-up Ford Motor Co. is ousting CEO Mark Fields and reassigning three senior executives to create a new structure intended to speed decision-making in the rapidly changing auto-and-mobility sector, according to sources close to the situation. Post to Facebook Ford ousts CEO Fields in management shake-up Ford Motor Co. is ousting CEO Mark Fields and reassigning three senior executives to create a new structure intended to speed decision-making in the rapidly changing auto-and-mobility sector, according to sources close to the situation.  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2qKPr9h {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Ford ousts CEO Fields in management shake-up Daniel Howes , The Detroit News Published 1:05 a.m. ET May 22, 2017 | Updated 2 hours ago Mark Fields, left, is out as Ford's CEO. Jim Hackett, a former CEO of Steelcase Inc. and one-time Ford director who now serves as president of Ford Smart Mobility LLC, will become president and CEO of the Dearborn-based automaker. (Photo: Detroit News) 101 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE In a broad management shake-up, Ford Motor Co. is ousting CEO Mark Fields and reassigning three senior executives to create a new structure intended to speed decision-making in the rapidly changing auto-and-mobility sector, according to sources close to the situation. Jim Hackett, a former CEO of Steelcase Inc. and one-time Ford director who now serves as president of Ford Smart Mobility LLC, will become president and CEO of the Dearborn-based automaker. The uncharacteristically swift move for Ford comes as large Wall Street investors and small shareholders raise increasing pressure on the automaker. Ford shares have slipped roughly 40 percent since Fields replaced superstar CEO Alan Mulally in July 2014. Ten percent of that slide came in the first five months of this year as the blistering U.S. market shows signs of cooling, weakening Ford’s financial results and raising doubts about its management direction. Evidence continues to mount, Ford executives have said privately in recent weeks, that the automaker under Fields failed to move quickly enough to realign its business to maximize growth, to boost return on invested capital and to reassure investors that Ford is effectively managing its transition from a century-old automaker to what it calls an “auto-and-mobility company.” Buy Photo Jim Hackett, a former CEO of Steelcase Inc. and one-time Ford director who now serves as president of Ford Smart Mobility LLC, will become president and CEO of the Dearborn-based automaker.  (Photo: David Guralnick / The Detroit News) As rival General Motors Co. under CEO Mary Barra aggressively moves to reshape its global market and manufacturing footprint — leaving Russia and India, ending production in Australia and Indonesia, selling its European operations to PSA Groupe SA of France — sources said Ford’s directors found Fields moving too slowly on such things as the Blue Oval presence in India and whether it should withdraw from the small-car segment in the United States, among other things. The new senior management structure is designed to emphasize quicker decision-making and crisper execution, the sources say. Jim Farley, head of Ford Europe, Middle East and Africa since January 2015, is expected to oversee Ford’s regions, global marketing and sales, and Lincoln Motor Co. Joe Hinrichs, head of the Americas since December 2012, will manage global product development, manufacturing and labor affairs, purchasing, and environmental and safety engineering. Marcy Klevorn, vice president of information technology and chief technical officer since January, will oversee Hackett’s Ford Smart Mobility unit. And Mark Truby, head of communications for Ford Europe and, more recently, in the Asia Pacific region, returns to Dearborn to become vice president of communications. A former auto writer and business editor for The Detroit News, he replaces Ray Day, who will retire at year’s end. The decision to oust Fields as CEO and replace him with Hackett was finalized in a board meeting Friday, the sources said, after which Bill Ford told the incumbent CEO he would be replaced by the former Steelcase CEO. He also served as the interim athletic director of the University of Michigan, credited with wooing Jim Harbaugh back to the sidelines at Michigan Stadium. Ford’s move against Fields, in the job less than three years, betrays a sense of urgency the company historically has taken longer to muster. But time is racing ahead in the global auto industry, and Ford cannot afford not to address a leadership problem unlikely to get better with time. Mark Fields is out as President and CEO of Ford Motor Company.  (Photo: FREDERIC J. BROWN / AFP/Getty Images) A whole new set of Silicon Valley competitors with names like Apple and Google, Intel and Qualcomm is vying for leadership in the next-generation industry that threatens to change fundamentally the auto industry as Detroit knows it. It’s unfamiliar territory for all automakers, not just Ford. Previously from Daniel Howes:Pressure mounts on Ford, CEO Fields Mulally, a former Boeing Co. executive wooed to Ford in 2006 to rescue the struggling Blue Oval, engineered the rebuild of Ford’s core car and truck business, producing what turned out to be an earnings machine at the top of the auto cycle. Job One: Save the company. Fields, a Ford veteran, was charged with maintaining that momentum amid a downshifting market cycle while simultaneously pushing the automaker into unknown territory labeled autonomy, electrification and mobility. That turned out to be easier said than done, especially when a hot U.S. truck market, an inept communications strategy and bad timing further muddied the company strategy with key interest groups. Executive back-biting and corporate intrigue, enduring staples of an Old Ford that Bill Ford once likened to czarist Russia, re-emerged as the gulf between expectations and financial results widened. Speculation of who might be in, or out, generally failed to capture the sweeping changes Ford’s directors were determined to take from a position of relative strength, not the weakness of 2006. And, amid expectations that the automaker is on track to book some $9 billion in profits this year, Ford announced plans to offer 1,400 buyouts to salaried employees in North America and Asia — euphemistically described in a company statement as “people efficiencies” — even as it confirmed retention bonuses for four executives. Daniel.Howes@detroitnews.com (313) 222-2106 Daniel Howes’ column runs Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays. Follow him on Twitter @DanielHowes_TDN 101 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2qKPr9h TOP VIDEOS Entrepreneur/actor Hill Harper an admirer of Detroit 2:55 Construction continues on M-59 1:51 Packard site owner: 'We will not fail' 2:56 QLine prepares for its debut 1:35 Patterson concerned about job skills gap 2:51 Mayor Mike Duggan on the new Flex-N-Gate facility 0:47 Ken Lingenfelter on his astounding car collection 2:30 IRS agent warns of tax scams 3:28 GM cars hoisted up to the Comerica Park fountain 0:50 Sen. Gary Peters views demonstration of a Bradley Fighting Vehicle 0:43
World Middle East Trump charms some young Saudis with his deal-making and deference to customs. Others are unimpressed Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. (Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images) Molly Hennessy-FiskeContact Reporter Addressing Arab leaders here Sunday, President Trump highlighted the untapped potential of one of the region’s greatest resources, and it wasn’t oil — it was youth. “Sixty-five percent of its population is under the age of 30,” Trump said at a summit convened by the Saudi monarch. “Like all young men and women, they seek great futures to build, great national projects to join, and a place for their families to call home.” But many young people here were unsure what to make of Trump — and that may be a victory of sorts. Before Trump arrived here Saturday, Saudis knew him mostly for his caustic comments about Muslims, a ban on travel from six majority-Muslim countries and the suspension of refugee resettlement to the United States, said Anfal Riyadh, ​​who was among several thousand young people at a forum Sunday on using social media to combat extremism. “People were saying how can he say these things about Muslims and come to Saudi Arabia?” said Riyadh, a 22-year-old law student. While some here continue to see Trump as biased against Muslims, he charmed others during the weekend visit with his deal-making and deference to local customs. Nabih Bulos Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... (Nabih Bulos) “I have mixed feelings,” said Muyassar Albar, a 28-year-old lawyer from Mecca, scanning WhatsApp posts about Trump’s visit as he waited for the forum to start. “I’m not like my other friends who really hate him. He loves the U.S.A., and he wants to make it better. Maybe somebody has to shake politics to change things.” Albar saw social media posts about Trump participating in a traditional sword dance Saturday and photos of him bowing to accept a medal from King Salman. It was a gesture that played well here, especially with young people. “We respect our elders. That’s a good deed, good manners,” Albar said. Rana Hanaya, 27, who teaches interpreting at a local university, was among many young women in the crowd, some wearing head scarves and others in face-covering veils. She saw Trump’s visit as “confirmation of what’s to come, and that means lots of partnerships, not just business deals.” Hanaya was especially excited to see Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, at Sunday’s forum — called Tweeps 2017 — and noted that First Lady Melania Trump had met with Saudi schoolchildren earlier in the day. “If he came on his own, a lot of people might think it’s just a business thing,” Hanaya said of Trump. “Ivanka and Melania are both participating. It’s women’s empowerment for both Saudi and the United States.” Molly Hennessy-Fiske The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... (Molly Hennessy-Fiske) The Trump administration announced a series of military and economic agreements forged with Saudi Arabia, and that impressed some young Saudis who are impatient to develop and modernize their country. “We were not expecting to finalize things so quickly,” said Basim Ibrahim, 31, who works for Global Shapers, a social media hub. “Most of the deals were about bringing companies to Saudi Arabia, technology — that’s important.” Some of his friends thought the deals included too much military spending — around $110 billion — but Ibrahim disagreed. He noted that the U.S. arms sales included Black Hawk helicopters that would be manufactured in Saudi Arabia. “It’s beneficial not only for the government, but for the people, creating jobs,” he said. “I have a lot of friends who are working at these companies: Boeing, BAE Systems — engineers educated in the U.S.A. They don’t want to leave [Saudi Arabia] for jobs.” He believes that Trump’s views about Muslims have changed since the election, in part because of his interactions with a new generation of Saudi leaders. “This is what we are trying to do: To give him a real picture of Saudi Arabia and Muslims,” he said. Waiting for his mother at a mall in downtown Riyadh late Sunday, Mohammed Musharaf, 27, said he thought Trump’s visit went “better than I expected.” “He’s not as they say: racist, hates Arabs,” said Musharaf, who just graduated from business school. “He is a businessman, which is better than a politician. That’s what the world needs: experience that benefits both countries.” Ashwag Nuaimah had just finished shopping at a Zara clothing store with her sister and cousins. “We were afraid before he came,” said Nuaimah, 36, a mother of four who started her own perfume business and said she was impressed by “the deals he makes with us.” “It will be a leap forward, a big step,” said her sister Atheer, 20, of the partnership between the two countries. Their cousin Latifah Abdullah, a 21-year-old office management student, expects a broadening of perspectives in both countries and hopes that will benefit Saudi women, who still face many barriers to full participation in their economy and government. “There’s a lot changing here,” she said. “And in America also.” Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. Caption A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. Caption Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Caption The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. molly.hennessy-fiske@latimes.com Twitter: @mollyhf ALSO Trump's message to Arab leaders: Do more to fight extremism A tale of two princes: A king's son and a president's son-in-law drive Trump's visit Human rights activists decry U.S. sale of weapons to Saudi Arabia Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Saudi Arabia Donald Trump Forcing women to have children is akin to slavery, says a devoutly Christian abortion doctor Chicago police tighten rules guiding officers' use of force Death by stoning: Battered Syrian city offers a window into life under the thumb of Islamic State militants Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 64°
World Middle East Trump charms some young Saudis with his deal-making and deference to customs. Others are unimpressed Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. (Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images) Molly Hennessy-FiskeContact Reporter Addressing Arab leaders here Sunday, President Trump highlighted the untapped potential of one of the region’s greatest resources, and it wasn’t oil — it was youth. “Sixty-five percent of its population is under the age of 30,” Trump said at a summit convened by the Saudi monarch. “Like all young men and women, they seek great futures to build, great national projects to join, and a place for their families to call home.” But many young people here were unsure what to make of Trump — and that may be a victory of sorts. Before Trump arrived here Saturday, Saudis knew him mostly for his caustic comments about Muslims, a ban on travel from six majority-Muslim countries and the suspension of refugee resettlement to the United States, said Anfal Riyadh, ​​who was among several thousand young people at a forum Sunday on using social media to combat extremism. “People were saying how can he say these things about Muslims and come to Saudi Arabia?” said Riyadh, a 22-year-old law student. While some here continue to see Trump as biased against Muslims, he charmed others during the weekend visit with his deal-making and deference to local customs. Nabih Bulos Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... (Nabih Bulos) “I have mixed feelings,” said Muyassar Albar, a 28-year-old lawyer from Mecca, scanning WhatsApp posts about Trump’s visit as he waited for the forum to start. “I’m not like my other friends who really hate him. He loves the U.S.A., and he wants to make it better. Maybe somebody has to shake politics to change things.” Albar saw social media posts about Trump participating in a traditional sword dance Saturday and photos of him bowing to accept a medal from King Salman. It was a gesture that played well here, especially with young people. “We respect our elders. That’s a good deed, good manners,” Albar said. Rana Hanaya, 27, who teaches interpreting at a local university, was among many young women in the crowd, some wearing head scarves and others in face-covering veils. She saw Trump’s visit as “confirmation of what’s to come, and that means lots of partnerships, not just business deals.” Hanaya was especially excited to see Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, at Sunday’s forum — called Tweeps 2017 — and noted that First Lady Melania Trump had met with Saudi schoolchildren earlier in the day. “If he came on his own, a lot of people might think it’s just a business thing,” Hanaya said of Trump. “Ivanka and Melania are both participating. It’s women’s empowerment for both Saudi and the United States.” Molly Hennessy-Fiske The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... (Molly Hennessy-Fiske) The Trump administration announced a series of military and economic agreements forged with Saudi Arabia, and that impressed some young Saudis who are impatient to develop and modernize their country. “We were not expecting to finalize things so quickly,” said Basim Ibrahim, 31, who works for Global Shapers, a social media hub. “Most of the deals were about bringing companies to Saudi Arabia, technology — that’s important.” Some of his friends thought the deals included too much military spending — around $110 billion — but Ibrahim disagreed. He noted that the U.S. arms sales included Black Hawk helicopters that would be manufactured in Saudi Arabia. “It’s beneficial not only for the government, but for the people, creating jobs,” he said. “I have a lot of friends who are working at these companies: Boeing, BAE Systems — engineers educated in the U.S.A. They don’t want to leave [Saudi Arabia] for jobs.” He believes that Trump’s views about Muslims have changed since the election, in part because of his interactions with a new generation of Saudi leaders. “This is what we are trying to do: To give him a real picture of Saudi Arabia and Muslims,” he said. Waiting for his mother at a mall in downtown Riyadh late Sunday, Mohammed Musharaf, 27, said he thought Trump’s visit went “better than I expected.” “He’s not as they say: racist, hates Arabs,” said Musharaf, who just graduated from business school. “He is a businessman, which is better than a politician. That’s what the world needs: experience that benefits both countries.” Ashwag Nuaimah had just finished shopping at a Zara clothing store with her sister and cousins. “We were afraid before he came,” said Nuaimah, 36, a mother of four who started her own perfume business and said she was impressed by “the deals he makes with us.” “It will be a leap forward, a big step,” said her sister Atheer, 20, of the partnership between the two countries. Their cousin Latifah Abdullah, a 21-year-old office management student, expects a broadening of perspectives in both countries and hopes that will benefit Saudi women, who still face many barriers to full participation in their economy and government. “There’s a lot changing here,” she said. “And in America also.” Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. Caption A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. Caption Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Caption The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. molly.hennessy-fiske@latimes.com Twitter: @mollyhf ALSO Trump's message to Arab leaders: Do more to fight extremism A tale of two princes: A king's son and a president's son-in-law drive Trump's visit Human rights activists decry U.S. sale of weapons to Saudi Arabia Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Saudi Arabia Donald Trump Forcing women to have children is akin to slavery, says a devoutly Christian abortion doctor Chicago police tighten rules guiding officers' use of force Death by stoning: Battered Syrian city offers a window into life under the thumb of Islamic State militants Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 64°
Sign In / Sign Up Sign In Sign Up New User Show navigation Hide navigation Home Jobswitch Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Blogs Planning Room Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Showcase Media Television Print Out of Home Digital Below The Line Radio Media Briefs Directories Case Studies Latest Advertising Marketing Media Digital Events Online Videos Hyundai says Happy Mother's Day with no mush, just #ToughLove Search Content vs. Social Content Secrets to a Great Team BETC agency sent a house to the sea for an ad I think the time has come to think out of the box: SpiceJet CMD By BS Reporter , Business Standard, New Delhi | In Marketing | May 22, 2017 2SHARES Interview with Ajay Singh, CMD, SpiceJet. Disruption is the key to success. From mobile telephony to cab aggregators, a business model has always redefined the market and created winners. Indian airlines have been quite dull in that respect with dominant low-cost ones happy exploring the domestic market and short-haul international destinations. SpiceJet, on the verge of a shutdown two years ago, is now looking at joining a burgeoning global league of low-cost long-haul airlines by providing a Rs 30,000 to-and-fro fare to western European destinations. Chairman and managing director Ajay Singh elaborates. Edited excerpts: You think a low-cost model for long-haul routes is feasible for India? We feel there is huge demand for this. As the country becomes rich, personal incomes increase. Therefore, people want to travel. Today, most of the foreign travels from India are with foreign airlines, through hubs like West Asia. In India, we have a low-cost model. As people become rich, it is easier for them to take a flight abroad, provided the fares are low. Imagine the demand a fare of Rs 10,000-15,000 would have for a Delhi-London flight. Now, an airline has to make money while keeping the fares low. So, the cost, too, has to be low. We are looking at a model with which we can reduce the cost, so that we can bring down the fares drastically and still make money. How will an airline like SpiceJet bring down the cost? We are looking at various steps through which we can bring down the cost. Look, we can have a lot of economy seats. Therefore, increase the number of seats in the aircraft and bring down the cost per seat. It also depends on what kind of deals you get. We will look towards reducing the leasing cost. At the same time, we are looking at airports where charges are low. When a passenger flies overseas, the common model of a full service airline includes food, beverage and Wi-Fi. Can we unbundle that and ask a passenger to pay for the services? I feel people will want to see it unbundled, like in domestic routes. You decide what you want to buy and pay for that. So, a long-haul model was on your mind when you finalised the aircraft order. Which model will you be looking at? Yes. We have an option of converting 50 aircraft of the order into wide body. We have wide flexibility in selecting the model. At present, either the 787 or 777 Boeing are feasible. We will take a call depending on unit economics. Our narrow body order (737 Max) also has a larger range than our existing aircraft. That will get us to some destinations where we do not fly currently. Which ones? We will look at a lot of eastern European destinations. On the eastern side, we will look at Far East Asia, Malaysia, Singapore and Vietnam. We always explore new markets. With smaller planes, we had gone to destinations where there used to be no flight. Internationally, we will look at places not explored much by other players. Have you decided whether it should be Max 8, 9 or 10? It will be a mix of both 8 and 9. Max 8 and 9 have a larger range whereas Max 10 has a lower range. Then, there is an option of a 50 wide body aircraft. That means a mixed fleet that can increase your cost. Max 8 and 9 are similar aircraft. The difference is the number of seats. A wide body will be different but you have to think out of the box. Previously, the notion was one-model fleet is ideal. Why have a different model for regional? We showed this could be profitable and others are also going for that. I think an aircraft model should be decided case-by-case, based on merits. Not get stuck to one theoretical model. Will joining global alliances be an option? First, travellers need to fly directly to the Western destinations. After starting operations, if we find there is a demand for destinations beyond our range, we will certainly look at alliances. Let us first start. 2SHARES © 2017 Business Standard     Stay Updated with Us Top 10 Stories Last Week Last Month Last Year Meet Padma Bhushan awardees turned Vodafone actors...Advertising Performics.Resultrix makes three new senior appoin...Marketing How many shoes will you buy online?Digital NIVEA India appoints Neil George as managing direc...Marketing Kellogg's Vikram Bahl moves to GSK Consumer Health...Marketing "It's always crucial to get the right cast": Praka...Advertising Print media is growing; will print advertising fol...Media Kalyan Jewellers empanels Ogilvy and L&K Saatchi &...Advertising Micromax elevates Shubhodip Pal to Chief Marketing...Marketing "The charges are laughable:" Arnab Goswami on BCCL...Media Publishing Meet Padma Bhushan awardees turned Vodafone actors...Advertising Performics.Resultrix makes three new senior appoin...Marketing 6 + 1 killer tips to Startup FundingMarketing "Don't join advertising; don't stay in advertising...Advertising MediaCom retains media mandate for Bosch-Siemens i...Media Planning & Buying The 10 Most Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in April...Digital British Airways on new 3-minute ad: "Flying to Lon...Digital Nearbuy founder uses FB Live to introduce the agen...Digital The IPL Fantasy League is backDigital Larsen & Toubro Infotech launches 'LTI' as its new...Marketing Meet Padma Bhushan awardees turned Vodafone actors...Advertising How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor...Marketing "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos...Advertising Bajaj V: A piece of INS Vikrant in your bikeAdvertising Voot to stream Bigg Boss Season 10's 'Unseen Undek...Media Publishing Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it?Advertising Performics.Resultrix makes three new senior appoin...Marketing The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in May 2...Digital The Story Behind Paytm's Marketing...Digital afaqs! Throwback: Meet 'The Airtel Girl': Rakul Pr...Advertising 5 / 10❬❭ Case Studies 6 + 1 killer tips to Startup Funding Marketing Source : Jaakko Mannisto View All Current Issue May 16-31 2017 Visualizer May 22, 2017 Sr. Visualiser (Graphics /Print) May 16, 2017 Account Executive May 11, 2017 View all jobs ❭ Home About us Advertise Register Contact us Sitemap Service Agreement Quantum Code Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Advertising Creative Showcase News Interviews Account Movements Push Money App Media Latest News Television Print OOH Digital BTL Radio Media Briefs Interviews JobSwitch All Vacancies Top Employer Charter Members Post Resume Events Foxglove Awards 2017 afaqs! India's Buzziest Brands 2017 vdonxt asia Digies 2016 afaqs! Foxglove Awards 2016 Brand Owners' Summit afaqs! Buzziest Brands 2016 Unmetro, Delhi-2015 Brand Owner's Summit Healthcare Brand Summit Mobile.Nxt Follow us on: Get afaqs! in Your Inbox Copyright © 2017 afaqs!. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.
World Middle East Trump charms some young Saudis with his deal-making and deference to customs. Others are unimpressed Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. (Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images) Molly Hennessy-FiskeContact Reporter Addressing Arab leaders here Sunday, President Trump highlighted the untapped potential of one of the region’s greatest resources, and it wasn’t oil — it was youth. “Sixty-five percent of its population is under the age of 30,” Trump said at a summit convened by the Saudi monarch. “Like all young men and women, they seek great futures to build, great national projects to join, and a place for their families to call home.” But many young people here were unsure what to make of Trump — and that may be a victory of sorts. Before Trump arrived here Saturday, Saudis knew him mostly for his caustic comments about Muslims, a ban on travel from six majority-Muslim countries and the suspension of refugee resettlement to the United States, said Anfal Riyadh, ​​who was among several thousand young people at a forum Sunday on using social media to combat extremism. “People were saying how can he say these things about Muslims and come to Saudi Arabia?” said Riyadh, a 22-year-old law student. While some here continue to see Trump as biased against Muslims, he charmed others during the weekend visit with his deal-making and deference to local customs. Nabih Bulos Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... (Nabih Bulos) “I have mixed feelings,” said Muyassar Albar, a 28-year-old lawyer from Mecca, scanning WhatsApp posts about Trump’s visit as he waited for the forum to start. “I’m not like my other friends who really hate him. He loves the U.S.A., and he wants to make it better. Maybe somebody has to shake politics to change things.” Albar saw social media posts about Trump participating in a traditional sword dance Saturday and photos of him bowing to accept a medal from King Salman. It was a gesture that played well here, especially with young people. “We respect our elders. That’s a good deed, good manners,” Albar said. Rana Hanaya, 27, who teaches interpreting at a local university, was among many young women in the crowd, some wearing head scarves and others in face-covering veils. She saw Trump’s visit as “confirmation of what’s to come, and that means lots of partnerships, not just business deals.” Hanaya was especially excited to see Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, at Sunday’s forum — called Tweeps 2017 — and noted that First Lady Melania Trump had met with Saudi schoolchildren earlier in the day. “If he came on his own, a lot of people might think it’s just a business thing,” Hanaya said of Trump. “Ivanka and Melania are both participating. It’s women’s empowerment for both Saudi and the United States.” Molly Hennessy-Fiske The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... (Molly Hennessy-Fiske) The Trump administration announced a series of military and economic agreements forged with Saudi Arabia, and that impressed some young Saudis who are impatient to develop and modernize their country. “We were not expecting to finalize things so quickly,” said Basim Ibrahim, 31, who works for Global Shapers, a social media hub. “Most of the deals were about bringing companies to Saudi Arabia, technology — that’s important.” Some of his friends thought the deals included too much military spending — around $110 billion — but Ibrahim disagreed. He noted that the U.S. arms sales included Black Hawk helicopters that would be manufactured in Saudi Arabia. “It’s beneficial not only for the government, but for the people, creating jobs,” he said. “I have a lot of friends who are working at these companies: Boeing, BAE Systems — engineers educated in the U.S.A. They don’t want to leave [Saudi Arabia] for jobs.” He believes that Trump’s views about Muslims have changed since the election, in part because of his interactions with a new generation of Saudi leaders. “This is what we are trying to do: To give him a real picture of Saudi Arabia and Muslims,” he said. Waiting for his mother at a mall in downtown Riyadh late Sunday, Mohammed Musharaf, 27, said he thought Trump’s visit went “better than I expected.” “He’s not as they say: racist, hates Arabs,” said Musharaf, who just graduated from business school. “He is a businessman, which is better than a politician. That’s what the world needs: experience that benefits both countries.” Ashwag Nuaimah had just finished shopping at a Zara clothing store with her sister and cousins. “We were afraid before he came,” said Nuaimah, 36, a mother of four who started her own perfume business and said she was impressed by “the deals he makes with us.” “It will be a leap forward, a big step,” said her sister Atheer, 20, of the partnership between the two countries. Their cousin Latifah Abdullah, a 21-year-old office management student, expects a broadening of perspectives in both countries and hopes that will benefit Saudi women, who still face many barriers to full participation in their economy and government. “There’s a lot changing here,” she said. “And in America also.” Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. Caption A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. Caption Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Caption The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. molly.hennessy-fiske@latimes.com Twitter: @mollyhf ALSO Trump's message to Arab leaders: Do more to fight extremism A tale of two princes: A king's son and a president's son-in-law drive Trump's visit Human rights activists decry U.S. sale of weapons to Saudi Arabia Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Saudi Arabia Donald Trump Forcing women to have children is akin to slavery, says a devoutly Christian abortion doctor Chicago police tighten rules guiding officers' use of force Death by stoning: Battered Syrian city offers a window into life under the thumb of Islamic State militants Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 64°
World Middle East Trump charms some young Saudis with his deal-making and deference to customs. Others are unimpressed Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. (Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images) Molly Hennessy-FiskeContact Reporter Addressing Arab leaders here Sunday, President Trump highlighted the untapped potential of one of the region’s greatest resources, and it wasn’t oil — it was youth. “Sixty-five percent of its population is under the age of 30,” Trump said at a summit convened by the Saudi monarch. “Like all young men and women, they seek great futures to build, great national projects to join, and a place for their families to call home.” But many young people here were unsure what to make of Trump — and that may be a victory of sorts. Before Trump arrived here Saturday, Saudis knew him mostly for his caustic comments about Muslims, a ban on travel from six majority-Muslim countries and the suspension of refugee resettlement to the United States, said Anfal Riyadh, ​​who was among several thousand young people at a forum Sunday on using social media to combat extremism. “People were saying how can he say these things about Muslims and come to Saudi Arabia?” said Riyadh, a 22-year-old law student. While some here continue to see Trump as biased against Muslims, he charmed others during the weekend visit with his deal-making and deference to local customs. Nabih Bulos Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... (Nabih Bulos) “I have mixed feelings,” said Muyassar Albar, a 28-year-old lawyer from Mecca, scanning WhatsApp posts about Trump’s visit as he waited for the forum to start. “I’m not like my other friends who really hate him. He loves the U.S.A., and he wants to make it better. Maybe somebody has to shake politics to change things.” Albar saw social media posts about Trump participating in a traditional sword dance Saturday and photos of him bowing to accept a medal from King Salman. It was a gesture that played well here, especially with young people. “We respect our elders. That’s a good deed, good manners,” Albar said. Rana Hanaya, 27, who teaches interpreting at a local university, was among many young women in the crowd, some wearing head scarves and others in face-covering veils. She saw Trump’s visit as “confirmation of what’s to come, and that means lots of partnerships, not just business deals.” Hanaya was especially excited to see Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, at Sunday’s forum — called Tweeps 2017 — and noted that First Lady Melania Trump had met with Saudi schoolchildren earlier in the day. “If he came on his own, a lot of people might think it’s just a business thing,” Hanaya said of Trump. “Ivanka and Melania are both participating. It’s women’s empowerment for both Saudi and the United States.” Molly Hennessy-Fiske The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... (Molly Hennessy-Fiske) The Trump administration announced a series of military and economic agreements forged with Saudi Arabia, and that impressed some young Saudis who are impatient to develop and modernize their country. “We were not expecting to finalize things so quickly,” said Basim Ibrahim, 31, who works for Global Shapers, a social media hub. “Most of the deals were about bringing companies to Saudi Arabia, technology — that’s important.” Some of his friends thought the deals included too much military spending — around $110 billion — but Ibrahim disagreed. He noted that the U.S. arms sales included Black Hawk helicopters that would be manufactured in Saudi Arabia. “It’s beneficial not only for the government, but for the people, creating jobs,” he said. “I have a lot of friends who are working at these companies: Boeing, BAE Systems — engineers educated in the U.S.A. They don’t want to leave [Saudi Arabia] for jobs.” He believes that Trump’s views about Muslims have changed since the election, in part because of his interactions with a new generation of Saudi leaders. “This is what we are trying to do: To give him a real picture of Saudi Arabia and Muslims,” he said. Waiting for his mother at a mall in downtown Riyadh late Sunday, Mohammed Musharaf, 27, said he thought Trump’s visit went “better than I expected.” “He’s not as they say: racist, hates Arabs,” said Musharaf, who just graduated from business school. “He is a businessman, which is better than a politician. That’s what the world needs: experience that benefits both countries.” Ashwag Nuaimah had just finished shopping at a Zara clothing store with her sister and cousins. “We were afraid before he came,” said Nuaimah, 36, a mother of four who started her own perfume business and said she was impressed by “the deals he makes with us.” “It will be a leap forward, a big step,” said her sister Atheer, 20, of the partnership between the two countries. Their cousin Latifah Abdullah, a 21-year-old office management student, expects a broadening of perspectives in both countries and hopes that will benefit Saudi women, who still face many barriers to full participation in their economy and government. “There’s a lot changing here,” she said. “And in America also.” Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. Caption A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. Caption Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Caption The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. molly.hennessy-fiske@latimes.com Twitter: @mollyhf ALSO Trump's message to Arab leaders: Do more to fight extremism A tale of two princes: A king's son and a president's son-in-law drive Trump's visit Human rights activists decry U.S. sale of weapons to Saudi Arabia Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Saudi Arabia Donald Trump Forcing women to have children is akin to slavery, says a devoutly Christian abortion doctor Chicago police tighten rules guiding officers' use of force Death by stoning: Battered Syrian city offers a window into life under the thumb of Islamic State militants Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 64°
World Middle East Trump charms some young Saudis with his deal-making and deference to customs. Others are unimpressed Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. (Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images) Molly Hennessy-FiskeContact Reporter Addressing Arab leaders here Sunday, President Trump highlighted the untapped potential of one of the region’s greatest resources, and it wasn’t oil — it was youth. “Sixty-five percent of its population is under the age of 30,” Trump said at a summit convened by the Saudi monarch. “Like all young men and women, they seek great futures to build, great national projects to join, and a place for their families to call home.” But many young people here were unsure what to make of Trump — and that may be a victory of sorts. Before Trump arrived here Saturday, Saudis knew him mostly for his caustic comments about Muslims, a ban on travel from six majority-Muslim countries and the suspension of refugee resettlement to the United States, said Anfal Riyadh, ​​who was among several thousand young people at a forum Sunday on using social media to combat extremism. “People were saying how can he say these things about Muslims and come to Saudi Arabia?” said Riyadh, a 22-year-old law student. While some here continue to see Trump as biased against Muslims, he charmed others during the weekend visit with his deal-making and deference to local customs. Nabih Bulos Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... (Nabih Bulos) “I have mixed feelings,” said Muyassar Albar, a 28-year-old lawyer from Mecca, scanning WhatsApp posts about Trump’s visit as he waited for the forum to start. “I’m not like my other friends who really hate him. He loves the U.S.A., and he wants to make it better. Maybe somebody has to shake politics to change things.” Albar saw social media posts about Trump participating in a traditional sword dance Saturday and photos of him bowing to accept a medal from King Salman. It was a gesture that played well here, especially with young people. “We respect our elders. That’s a good deed, good manners,” Albar said. Rana Hanaya, 27, who teaches interpreting at a local university, was among many young women in the crowd, some wearing head scarves and others in face-covering veils. She saw Trump’s visit as “confirmation of what’s to come, and that means lots of partnerships, not just business deals.” Hanaya was especially excited to see Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, at Sunday’s forum — called Tweeps 2017 — and noted that First Lady Melania Trump had met with Saudi schoolchildren earlier in the day. “If he came on his own, a lot of people might think it’s just a business thing,” Hanaya said of Trump. “Ivanka and Melania are both participating. It’s women’s empowerment for both Saudi and the United States.” Molly Hennessy-Fiske The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... (Molly Hennessy-Fiske) The Trump administration announced a series of military and economic agreements forged with Saudi Arabia, and that impressed some young Saudis who are impatient to develop and modernize their country. “We were not expecting to finalize things so quickly,” said Basim Ibrahim, 31, who works for Global Shapers, a social media hub. “Most of the deals were about bringing companies to Saudi Arabia, technology — that’s important.” Some of his friends thought the deals included too much military spending — around $110 billion — but Ibrahim disagreed. He noted that the U.S. arms sales included Black Hawk helicopters that would be manufactured in Saudi Arabia. “It’s beneficial not only for the government, but for the people, creating jobs,” he said. “I have a lot of friends who are working at these companies: Boeing, BAE Systems — engineers educated in the U.S.A. They don’t want to leave [Saudi Arabia] for jobs.” He believes that Trump’s views about Muslims have changed since the election, in part because of his interactions with a new generation of Saudi leaders. “This is what we are trying to do: To give him a real picture of Saudi Arabia and Muslims,” he said. Waiting for his mother at a mall in downtown Riyadh late Sunday, Mohammed Musharaf, 27, said he thought Trump’s visit went “better than I expected.” “He’s not as they say: racist, hates Arabs,” said Musharaf, who just graduated from business school. “He is a businessman, which is better than a politician. That’s what the world needs: experience that benefits both countries.” Ashwag Nuaimah had just finished shopping at a Zara clothing store with her sister and cousins. “We were afraid before he came,” said Nuaimah, 36, a mother of four who started her own perfume business and said she was impressed by “the deals he makes with us.” “It will be a leap forward, a big step,” said her sister Atheer, 20, of the partnership between the two countries. Their cousin Latifah Abdullah, a 21-year-old office management student, expects a broadening of perspectives in both countries and hopes that will benefit Saudi women, who still face many barriers to full participation in their economy and government. “There’s a lot changing here,” she said. “And in America also.” Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. Caption A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. Caption Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Caption The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. molly.hennessy-fiske@latimes.com Twitter: @mollyhf ALSO Trump's message to Arab leaders: Do more to fight extremism A tale of two princes: A king's son and a president's son-in-law drive Trump's visit Human rights activists decry U.S. sale of weapons to Saudi Arabia Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Saudi Arabia Donald Trump Forcing women to have children is akin to slavery, says a devoutly Christian abortion doctor Chicago police tighten rules guiding officers' use of force Death by stoning: Battered Syrian city offers a window into life under the thumb of Islamic State militants Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 64°
World Middle East Trump charms some young Saudis with his deal-making and deference to customs. Others are unimpressed Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. (Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images) Molly Hennessy-FiskeContact Reporter Addressing Arab leaders here Sunday, President Trump highlighted the untapped potential of one of the region’s greatest resources, and it wasn’t oil — it was youth. “Sixty-five percent of its population is under the age of 30,” Trump said at a summit convened by the Saudi monarch. “Like all young men and women, they seek great futures to build, great national projects to join, and a place for their families to call home.” But many young people here were unsure what to make of Trump — and that may be a victory of sorts. Before Trump arrived here Saturday, Saudis knew him mostly for his caustic comments about Muslims, a ban on travel from six majority-Muslim countries and the suspension of refugee resettlement to the United States, said Anfal Riyadh, ​​who was among several thousand young people at a forum Sunday on using social media to combat extremism. “People were saying how can he say these things about Muslims and come to Saudi Arabia?” said Riyadh, a 22-year-old law student. While some here continue to see Trump as biased against Muslims, he charmed others during the weekend visit with his deal-making and deference to local customs. Nabih Bulos Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... (Nabih Bulos) “I have mixed feelings,” said Muyassar Albar, a 28-year-old lawyer from Mecca, scanning WhatsApp posts about Trump’s visit as he waited for the forum to start. “I’m not like my other friends who really hate him. He loves the U.S.A., and he wants to make it better. Maybe somebody has to shake politics to change things.” Albar saw social media posts about Trump participating in a traditional sword dance Saturday and photos of him bowing to accept a medal from King Salman. It was a gesture that played well here, especially with young people. “We respect our elders. That’s a good deed, good manners,” Albar said. Rana Hanaya, 27, who teaches interpreting at a local university, was among many young women in the crowd, some wearing head scarves and others in face-covering veils. She saw Trump’s visit as “confirmation of what’s to come, and that means lots of partnerships, not just business deals.” Hanaya was especially excited to see Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, at Sunday’s forum — called Tweeps 2017 — and noted that First Lady Melania Trump had met with Saudi schoolchildren earlier in the day. “If he came on his own, a lot of people might think it’s just a business thing,” Hanaya said of Trump. “Ivanka and Melania are both participating. It’s women’s empowerment for both Saudi and the United States.” Molly Hennessy-Fiske The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... (Molly Hennessy-Fiske) The Trump administration announced a series of military and economic agreements forged with Saudi Arabia, and that impressed some young Saudis who are impatient to develop and modernize their country. “We were not expecting to finalize things so quickly,” said Basim Ibrahim, 31, who works for Global Shapers, a social media hub. “Most of the deals were about bringing companies to Saudi Arabia, technology — that’s important.” Some of his friends thought the deals included too much military spending — around $110 billion — but Ibrahim disagreed. He noted that the U.S. arms sales included Black Hawk helicopters that would be manufactured in Saudi Arabia. “It’s beneficial not only for the government, but for the people, creating jobs,” he said. “I have a lot of friends who are working at these companies: Boeing, BAE Systems — engineers educated in the U.S.A. They don’t want to leave [Saudi Arabia] for jobs.” He believes that Trump’s views about Muslims have changed since the election, in part because of his interactions with a new generation of Saudi leaders. “This is what we are trying to do: To give him a real picture of Saudi Arabia and Muslims,” he said. Waiting for his mother at a mall in downtown Riyadh late Sunday, Mohammed Musharaf, 27, said he thought Trump’s visit went “better than I expected.” “He’s not as they say: racist, hates Arabs,” said Musharaf, who just graduated from business school. “He is a businessman, which is better than a politician. That’s what the world needs: experience that benefits both countries.” Ashwag Nuaimah had just finished shopping at a Zara clothing store with her sister and cousins. “We were afraid before he came,” said Nuaimah, 36, a mother of four who started her own perfume business and said she was impressed by “the deals he makes with us.” “It will be a leap forward, a big step,” said her sister Atheer, 20, of the partnership between the two countries. Their cousin Latifah Abdullah, a 21-year-old office management student, expects a broadening of perspectives in both countries and hopes that will benefit Saudi women, who still face many barriers to full participation in their economy and government. “There’s a lot changing here,” she said. “And in America also.” Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. Caption A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. Caption Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Caption The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. molly.hennessy-fiske@latimes.com Twitter: @mollyhf ALSO Trump's message to Arab leaders: Do more to fight extremism A tale of two princes: A king's son and a president's son-in-law drive Trump's visit Human rights activists decry U.S. sale of weapons to Saudi Arabia Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Saudi Arabia Donald Trump Forcing women to have children is akin to slavery, says a devoutly Christian abortion doctor Chicago police tighten rules guiding officers' use of force Death by stoning: Battered Syrian city offers a window into life under the thumb of Islamic State militants Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 64°
World Middle East Trump charms some young Saudis with his deal-making and deference to customs. Others are unimpressed Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. (Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images) Molly Hennessy-FiskeContact Reporter Addressing Arab leaders here Sunday, President Trump highlighted the untapped potential of one of the region’s greatest resources, and it wasn’t oil — it was youth. “Sixty-five percent of its population is under the age of 30,” Trump said at a summit convened by the Saudi monarch. “Like all young men and women, they seek great futures to build, great national projects to join, and a place for their families to call home.” But many young people here were unsure what to make of Trump — and that may be a victory of sorts. Before Trump arrived here Saturday, Saudis knew him mostly for his caustic comments about Muslims, a ban on travel from six majority-Muslim countries and the suspension of refugee resettlement to the United States, said Anfal Riyadh, ​​who was among several thousand young people at a forum Sunday on using social media to combat extremism. “People were saying how can he say these things about Muslims and come to Saudi Arabia?” said Riyadh, a 22-year-old law student. While some here continue to see Trump as biased against Muslims, he charmed others during the weekend visit with his deal-making and deference to local customs. Nabih Bulos Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... (Nabih Bulos) “I have mixed feelings,” said Muyassar Albar, a 28-year-old lawyer from Mecca, scanning WhatsApp posts about Trump’s visit as he waited for the forum to start. “I’m not like my other friends who really hate him. He loves the U.S.A., and he wants to make it better. Maybe somebody has to shake politics to change things.” Albar saw social media posts about Trump participating in a traditional sword dance Saturday and photos of him bowing to accept a medal from King Salman. It was a gesture that played well here, especially with young people. “We respect our elders. That’s a good deed, good manners,” Albar said. Rana Hanaya, 27, who teaches interpreting at a local university, was among many young women in the crowd, some wearing head scarves and others in face-covering veils. She saw Trump’s visit as “confirmation of what’s to come, and that means lots of partnerships, not just business deals.” Hanaya was especially excited to see Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, at Sunday’s forum — called Tweeps 2017 — and noted that First Lady Melania Trump had met with Saudi schoolchildren earlier in the day. “If he came on his own, a lot of people might think it’s just a business thing,” Hanaya said of Trump. “Ivanka and Melania are both participating. It’s women’s empowerment for both Saudi and the United States.” Molly Hennessy-Fiske The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... (Molly Hennessy-Fiske) The Trump administration announced a series of military and economic agreements forged with Saudi Arabia, and that impressed some young Saudis who are impatient to develop and modernize their country. “We were not expecting to finalize things so quickly,” said Basim Ibrahim, 31, who works for Global Shapers, a social media hub. “Most of the deals were about bringing companies to Saudi Arabia, technology — that’s important.” Some of his friends thought the deals included too much military spending — around $110 billion — but Ibrahim disagreed. He noted that the U.S. arms sales included Black Hawk helicopters that would be manufactured in Saudi Arabia. “It’s beneficial not only for the government, but for the people, creating jobs,” he said. “I have a lot of friends who are working at these companies: Boeing, BAE Systems — engineers educated in the U.S.A. They don’t want to leave [Saudi Arabia] for jobs.” He believes that Trump’s views about Muslims have changed since the election, in part because of his interactions with a new generation of Saudi leaders. “This is what we are trying to do: To give him a real picture of Saudi Arabia and Muslims,” he said. Waiting for his mother at a mall in downtown Riyadh late Sunday, Mohammed Musharaf, 27, said he thought Trump’s visit went “better than I expected.” “He’s not as they say: racist, hates Arabs,” said Musharaf, who just graduated from business school. “He is a businessman, which is better than a politician. That’s what the world needs: experience that benefits both countries.” Ashwag Nuaimah had just finished shopping at a Zara clothing store with her sister and cousins. “We were afraid before he came,” said Nuaimah, 36, a mother of four who started her own perfume business and said she was impressed by “the deals he makes with us.” “It will be a leap forward, a big step,” said her sister Atheer, 20, of the partnership between the two countries. Their cousin Latifah Abdullah, a 21-year-old office management student, expects a broadening of perspectives in both countries and hopes that will benefit Saudi women, who still face many barriers to full participation in their economy and government. “There’s a lot changing here,” she said. “And in America also.” Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. Caption A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. Caption Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Caption The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. molly.hennessy-fiske@latimes.com Twitter: @mollyhf ALSO Trump's message to Arab leaders: Do more to fight extremism A tale of two princes: A king's son and a president's son-in-law drive Trump's visit Human rights activists decry U.S. sale of weapons to Saudi Arabia Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Saudi Arabia Donald Trump Forcing women to have children is akin to slavery, says a devoutly Christian abortion doctor Chicago police tighten rules guiding officers' use of force Death by stoning: Battered Syrian city offers a window into life under the thumb of Islamic State militants Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 64°
World Middle East Trump charms some young Saudis with his deal-making and deference to customs. Others are unimpressed Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. (Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images) Molly Hennessy-FiskeContact Reporter Addressing Arab leaders here Sunday, President Trump highlighted the untapped potential of one of the region’s greatest resources, and it wasn’t oil — it was youth. “Sixty-five percent of its population is under the age of 30,” Trump said at a summit convened by the Saudi monarch. “Like all young men and women, they seek great futures to build, great national projects to join, and a place for their families to call home.” But many young people here were unsure what to make of Trump — and that may be a victory of sorts. Before Trump arrived here Saturday, Saudis knew him mostly for his caustic comments about Muslims, a ban on travel from six majority-Muslim countries and the suspension of refugee resettlement to the United States, said Anfal Riyadh, ​​who was among several thousand young people at a forum Sunday on using social media to combat extremism. “People were saying how can he say these things about Muslims and come to Saudi Arabia?” said Riyadh, a 22-year-old law student. While some here continue to see Trump as biased against Muslims, he charmed others during the weekend visit with his deal-making and deference to local customs. Nabih Bulos Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... (Nabih Bulos) “I have mixed feelings,” said Muyassar Albar, a 28-year-old lawyer from Mecca, scanning WhatsApp posts about Trump’s visit as he waited for the forum to start. “I’m not like my other friends who really hate him. He loves the U.S.A., and he wants to make it better. Maybe somebody has to shake politics to change things.” Albar saw social media posts about Trump participating in a traditional sword dance Saturday and photos of him bowing to accept a medal from King Salman. It was a gesture that played well here, especially with young people. “We respect our elders. That’s a good deed, good manners,” Albar said. Rana Hanaya, 27, who teaches interpreting at a local university, was among many young women in the crowd, some wearing head scarves and others in face-covering veils. She saw Trump’s visit as “confirmation of what’s to come, and that means lots of partnerships, not just business deals.” Hanaya was especially excited to see Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, at Sunday’s forum — called Tweeps 2017 — and noted that First Lady Melania Trump had met with Saudi schoolchildren earlier in the day. “If he came on his own, a lot of people might think it’s just a business thing,” Hanaya said of Trump. “Ivanka and Melania are both participating. It’s women’s empowerment for both Saudi and the United States.” Molly Hennessy-Fiske The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... (Molly Hennessy-Fiske) The Trump administration announced a series of military and economic agreements forged with Saudi Arabia, and that impressed some young Saudis who are impatient to develop and modernize their country. “We were not expecting to finalize things so quickly,” said Basim Ibrahim, 31, who works for Global Shapers, a social media hub. “Most of the deals were about bringing companies to Saudi Arabia, technology — that’s important.” Some of his friends thought the deals included too much military spending — around $110 billion — but Ibrahim disagreed. He noted that the U.S. arms sales included Black Hawk helicopters that would be manufactured in Saudi Arabia. “It’s beneficial not only for the government, but for the people, creating jobs,” he said. “I have a lot of friends who are working at these companies: Boeing, BAE Systems — engineers educated in the U.S.A. They don’t want to leave [Saudi Arabia] for jobs.” He believes that Trump’s views about Muslims have changed since the election, in part because of his interactions with a new generation of Saudi leaders. “This is what we are trying to do: To give him a real picture of Saudi Arabia and Muslims,” he said. Waiting for his mother at a mall in downtown Riyadh late Sunday, Mohammed Musharaf, 27, said he thought Trump’s visit went “better than I expected.” “He’s not as they say: racist, hates Arabs,” said Musharaf, who just graduated from business school. “He is a businessman, which is better than a politician. That’s what the world needs: experience that benefits both countries.” Ashwag Nuaimah had just finished shopping at a Zara clothing store with her sister and cousins. “We were afraid before he came,” said Nuaimah, 36, a mother of four who started her own perfume business and said she was impressed by “the deals he makes with us.” “It will be a leap forward, a big step,” said her sister Atheer, 20, of the partnership between the two countries. Their cousin Latifah Abdullah, a 21-year-old office management student, expects a broadening of perspectives in both countries and hopes that will benefit Saudi women, who still face many barriers to full participation in their economy and government. “There’s a lot changing here,” she said. “And in America also.” Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. Caption A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. Caption Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Caption The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. molly.hennessy-fiske@latimes.com Twitter: @mollyhf ALSO Trump's message to Arab leaders: Do more to fight extremism A tale of two princes: A king's son and a president's son-in-law drive Trump's visit Human rights activists decry U.S. sale of weapons to Saudi Arabia Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Saudi Arabia Donald Trump Forcing women to have children is akin to slavery, says a devoutly Christian abortion doctor Chicago police tighten rules guiding officers' use of force Death by stoning: Battered Syrian city offers a window into life under the thumb of Islamic State militants Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 64°
World Middle East Trump charms some young Saudis with his deal-making and deference to customs. Others are unimpressed Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. (Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images) Molly Hennessy-FiskeContact Reporter Addressing Arab leaders here Sunday, President Trump highlighted the untapped potential of one of the region’s greatest resources, and it wasn’t oil — it was youth. “Sixty-five percent of its population is under the age of 30,” Trump said at a summit convened by the Saudi monarch. “Like all young men and women, they seek great futures to build, great national projects to join, and a place for their families to call home.” But many young people here were unsure what to make of Trump — and that may be a victory of sorts. Before Trump arrived here Saturday, Saudis knew him mostly for his caustic comments about Muslims, a ban on travel from six majority-Muslim countries and the suspension of refugee resettlement to the United States, said Anfal Riyadh, ​​who was among several thousand young people at a forum Sunday on using social media to combat extremism. “People were saying how can he say these things about Muslims and come to Saudi Arabia?” said Riyadh, a 22-year-old law student. While some here continue to see Trump as biased against Muslims, he charmed others during the weekend visit with his deal-making and deference to local customs. Nabih Bulos Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... (Nabih Bulos) “I have mixed feelings,” said Muyassar Albar, a 28-year-old lawyer from Mecca, scanning WhatsApp posts about Trump’s visit as he waited for the forum to start. “I’m not like my other friends who really hate him. He loves the U.S.A., and he wants to make it better. Maybe somebody has to shake politics to change things.” Albar saw social media posts about Trump participating in a traditional sword dance Saturday and photos of him bowing to accept a medal from King Salman. It was a gesture that played well here, especially with young people. “We respect our elders. That’s a good deed, good manners,” Albar said. Rana Hanaya, 27, who teaches interpreting at a local university, was among many young women in the crowd, some wearing head scarves and others in face-covering veils. She saw Trump’s visit as “confirmation of what’s to come, and that means lots of partnerships, not just business deals.” Hanaya was especially excited to see Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, at Sunday’s forum — called Tweeps 2017 — and noted that First Lady Melania Trump had met with Saudi schoolchildren earlier in the day. “If he came on his own, a lot of people might think it’s just a business thing,” Hanaya said of Trump. “Ivanka and Melania are both participating. It’s women’s empowerment for both Saudi and the United States.” Molly Hennessy-Fiske The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... (Molly Hennessy-Fiske) The Trump administration announced a series of military and economic agreements forged with Saudi Arabia, and that impressed some young Saudis who are impatient to develop and modernize their country. “We were not expecting to finalize things so quickly,” said Basim Ibrahim, 31, who works for Global Shapers, a social media hub. “Most of the deals were about bringing companies to Saudi Arabia, technology — that’s important.” Some of his friends thought the deals included too much military spending — around $110 billion — but Ibrahim disagreed. He noted that the U.S. arms sales included Black Hawk helicopters that would be manufactured in Saudi Arabia. “It’s beneficial not only for the government, but for the people, creating jobs,” he said. “I have a lot of friends who are working at these companies: Boeing, BAE Systems — engineers educated in the U.S.A. They don’t want to leave [Saudi Arabia] for jobs.” He believes that Trump’s views about Muslims have changed since the election, in part because of his interactions with a new generation of Saudi leaders. “This is what we are trying to do: To give him a real picture of Saudi Arabia and Muslims,” he said. Waiting for his mother at a mall in downtown Riyadh late Sunday, Mohammed Musharaf, 27, said he thought Trump’s visit went “better than I expected.” “He’s not as they say: racist, hates Arabs,” said Musharaf, who just graduated from business school. “He is a businessman, which is better than a politician. That’s what the world needs: experience that benefits both countries.” Ashwag Nuaimah had just finished shopping at a Zara clothing store with her sister and cousins. “We were afraid before he came,” said Nuaimah, 36, a mother of four who started her own perfume business and said she was impressed by “the deals he makes with us.” “It will be a leap forward, a big step,” said her sister Atheer, 20, of the partnership between the two countries. Their cousin Latifah Abdullah, a 21-year-old office management student, expects a broadening of perspectives in both countries and hopes that will benefit Saudi women, who still face many barriers to full participation in their economy and government. “There’s a lot changing here,” she said. “And in America also.” Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. Caption A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. Caption Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Caption The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. molly.hennessy-fiske@latimes.com Twitter: @mollyhf ALSO Trump's message to Arab leaders: Do more to fight extremism A tale of two princes: A king's son and a president's son-in-law drive Trump's visit Human rights activists decry U.S. sale of weapons to Saudi Arabia Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Saudi Arabia Donald Trump Forcing women to have children is akin to slavery, says a devoutly Christian abortion doctor Chicago police tighten rules guiding officers' use of force Death by stoning: Battered Syrian city offers a window into life under the thumb of Islamic State militants Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 64°
World Middle East Trump charms some young Saudis with his deal-making and deference to customs. Others are unimpressed Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. (Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images) Molly Hennessy-FiskeContact Reporter Addressing Arab leaders here Sunday, President Trump highlighted the untapped potential of one of the region’s greatest resources, and it wasn’t oil — it was youth. “Sixty-five percent of its population is under the age of 30,” Trump said at a summit convened by the Saudi monarch. “Like all young men and women, they seek great futures to build, great national projects to join, and a place for their families to call home.” But many young people here were unsure what to make of Trump — and that may be a victory of sorts. Before Trump arrived here Saturday, Saudis knew him mostly for his caustic comments about Muslims, a ban on travel from six majority-Muslim countries and the suspension of refugee resettlement to the United States, said Anfal Riyadh, ​​who was among several thousand young people at a forum Sunday on using social media to combat extremism. “People were saying how can he say these things about Muslims and come to Saudi Arabia?” said Riyadh, a 22-year-old law student. While some here continue to see Trump as biased against Muslims, he charmed others during the weekend visit with his deal-making and deference to local customs. Nabih Bulos Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... (Nabih Bulos) “I have mixed feelings,” said Muyassar Albar, a 28-year-old lawyer from Mecca, scanning WhatsApp posts about Trump’s visit as he waited for the forum to start. “I’m not like my other friends who really hate him. He loves the U.S.A., and he wants to make it better. Maybe somebody has to shake politics to change things.” Albar saw social media posts about Trump participating in a traditional sword dance Saturday and photos of him bowing to accept a medal from King Salman. It was a gesture that played well here, especially with young people. “We respect our elders. That’s a good deed, good manners,” Albar said. Rana Hanaya, 27, who teaches interpreting at a local university, was among many young women in the crowd, some wearing head scarves and others in face-covering veils. She saw Trump’s visit as “confirmation of what’s to come, and that means lots of partnerships, not just business deals.” Hanaya was especially excited to see Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, at Sunday’s forum — called Tweeps 2017 — and noted that First Lady Melania Trump had met with Saudi schoolchildren earlier in the day. “If he came on his own, a lot of people might think it’s just a business thing,” Hanaya said of Trump. “Ivanka and Melania are both participating. It’s women’s empowerment for both Saudi and the United States.” Molly Hennessy-Fiske The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... (Molly Hennessy-Fiske) The Trump administration announced a series of military and economic agreements forged with Saudi Arabia, and that impressed some young Saudis who are impatient to develop and modernize their country. “We were not expecting to finalize things so quickly,” said Basim Ibrahim, 31, who works for Global Shapers, a social media hub. “Most of the deals were about bringing companies to Saudi Arabia, technology — that’s important.” Some of his friends thought the deals included too much military spending — around $110 billion — but Ibrahim disagreed. He noted that the U.S. arms sales included Black Hawk helicopters that would be manufactured in Saudi Arabia. “It’s beneficial not only for the government, but for the people, creating jobs,” he said. “I have a lot of friends who are working at these companies: Boeing, BAE Systems — engineers educated in the U.S.A. They don’t want to leave [Saudi Arabia] for jobs.” He believes that Trump’s views about Muslims have changed since the election, in part because of his interactions with a new generation of Saudi leaders. “This is what we are trying to do: To give him a real picture of Saudi Arabia and Muslims,” he said. Waiting for his mother at a mall in downtown Riyadh late Sunday, Mohammed Musharaf, 27, said he thought Trump’s visit went “better than I expected.” “He’s not as they say: racist, hates Arabs,” said Musharaf, who just graduated from business school. “He is a businessman, which is better than a politician. That’s what the world needs: experience that benefits both countries.” Ashwag Nuaimah had just finished shopping at a Zara clothing store with her sister and cousins. “We were afraid before he came,” said Nuaimah, 36, a mother of four who started her own perfume business and said she was impressed by “the deals he makes with us.” “It will be a leap forward, a big step,” said her sister Atheer, 20, of the partnership between the two countries. Their cousin Latifah Abdullah, a 21-year-old office management student, expects a broadening of perspectives in both countries and hopes that will benefit Saudi women, who still face many barriers to full participation in their economy and government. “There’s a lot changing here,” she said. “And in America also.” Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. Caption A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. Caption Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Caption The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. molly.hennessy-fiske@latimes.com Twitter: @mollyhf ALSO Trump's message to Arab leaders: Do more to fight extremism A tale of two princes: A king's son and a president's son-in-law drive Trump's visit Human rights activists decry U.S. sale of weapons to Saudi Arabia Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Saudi Arabia Donald Trump Forcing women to have children is akin to slavery, says a devoutly Christian abortion doctor Chicago police tighten rules guiding officers' use of force Death by stoning: Battered Syrian city offers a window into life under the thumb of Islamic State militants Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 64°
World Middle East Trump charms some young Saudis with his deal-making and deference to customs. Others are unimpressed Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. (Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images) Molly Hennessy-FiskeContact Reporter Addressing Arab leaders here Sunday, President Trump highlighted the untapped potential of one of the region’s greatest resources, and it wasn’t oil — it was youth. “Sixty-five percent of its population is under the age of 30,” Trump said at a summit convened by the Saudi monarch. “Like all young men and women, they seek great futures to build, great national projects to join, and a place for their families to call home.” But many young people here were unsure what to make of Trump — and that may be a victory of sorts. Before Trump arrived here Saturday, Saudis knew him mostly for his caustic comments about Muslims, a ban on travel from six majority-Muslim countries and the suspension of refugee resettlement to the United States, said Anfal Riyadh, ​​who was among several thousand young people at a forum Sunday on using social media to combat extremism. “People were saying how can he say these things about Muslims and come to Saudi Arabia?” said Riyadh, a 22-year-old law student. While some here continue to see Trump as biased against Muslims, he charmed others during the weekend visit with his deal-making and deference to local customs. Nabih Bulos Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... (Nabih Bulos) “I have mixed feelings,” said Muyassar Albar, a 28-year-old lawyer from Mecca, scanning WhatsApp posts about Trump’s visit as he waited for the forum to start. “I’m not like my other friends who really hate him. He loves the U.S.A., and he wants to make it better. Maybe somebody has to shake politics to change things.” Albar saw social media posts about Trump participating in a traditional sword dance Saturday and photos of him bowing to accept a medal from King Salman. It was a gesture that played well here, especially with young people. “We respect our elders. That’s a good deed, good manners,” Albar said. Rana Hanaya, 27, who teaches interpreting at a local university, was among many young women in the crowd, some wearing head scarves and others in face-covering veils. She saw Trump’s visit as “confirmation of what’s to come, and that means lots of partnerships, not just business deals.” Hanaya was especially excited to see Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, at Sunday’s forum — called Tweeps 2017 — and noted that First Lady Melania Trump had met with Saudi schoolchildren earlier in the day. “If he came on his own, a lot of people might think it’s just a business thing,” Hanaya said of Trump. “Ivanka and Melania are both participating. It’s women’s empowerment for both Saudi and the United States.” Molly Hennessy-Fiske The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... (Molly Hennessy-Fiske) The Trump administration announced a series of military and economic agreements forged with Saudi Arabia, and that impressed some young Saudis who are impatient to develop and modernize their country. “We were not expecting to finalize things so quickly,” said Basim Ibrahim, 31, who works for Global Shapers, a social media hub. “Most of the deals were about bringing companies to Saudi Arabia, technology — that’s important.” Some of his friends thought the deals included too much military spending — around $110 billion — but Ibrahim disagreed. He noted that the U.S. arms sales included Black Hawk helicopters that would be manufactured in Saudi Arabia. “It’s beneficial not only for the government, but for the people, creating jobs,” he said. “I have a lot of friends who are working at these companies: Boeing, BAE Systems — engineers educated in the U.S.A. They don’t want to leave [Saudi Arabia] for jobs.” He believes that Trump’s views about Muslims have changed since the election, in part because of his interactions with a new generation of Saudi leaders. “This is what we are trying to do: To give him a real picture of Saudi Arabia and Muslims,” he said. Waiting for his mother at a mall in downtown Riyadh late Sunday, Mohammed Musharaf, 27, said he thought Trump’s visit went “better than I expected.” “He’s not as they say: racist, hates Arabs,” said Musharaf, who just graduated from business school. “He is a businessman, which is better than a politician. That’s what the world needs: experience that benefits both countries.” Ashwag Nuaimah had just finished shopping at a Zara clothing store with her sister and cousins. “We were afraid before he came,” said Nuaimah, 36, a mother of four who started her own perfume business and said she was impressed by “the deals he makes with us.” “It will be a leap forward, a big step,” said her sister Atheer, 20, of the partnership between the two countries. Their cousin Latifah Abdullah, a 21-year-old office management student, expects a broadening of perspectives in both countries and hopes that will benefit Saudi women, who still face many barriers to full participation in their economy and government. “There’s a lot changing here,” she said. “And in America also.” Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. Caption A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. Caption Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Caption The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. molly.hennessy-fiske@latimes.com Twitter: @mollyhf ALSO Trump's message to Arab leaders: Do more to fight extremism A tale of two princes: A king's son and a president's son-in-law drive Trump's visit Human rights activists decry U.S. sale of weapons to Saudi Arabia Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Saudi Arabia Donald Trump Forcing women to have children is akin to slavery, says a devoutly Christian abortion doctor Chicago police tighten rules guiding officers' use of force Death by stoning: Battered Syrian city offers a window into life under the thumb of Islamic State militants Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 64°
World Middle East Trump charms some young Saudis with his deal-making and deference to customs. Others are unimpressed Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. Ivanka Trump addresses young Saudis at the Tweeps 2017 social media forum in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. (Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images) Molly Hennessy-FiskeContact Reporter Addressing Arab leaders here Sunday, President Trump highlighted the untapped potential of one of the region’s greatest resources, and it wasn’t oil — it was youth. “Sixty-five percent of its population is under the age of 30,” Trump said at a summit convened by the Saudi monarch. “Like all young men and women, they seek great futures to build, great national projects to join, and a place for their families to call home.” But many young people here were unsure what to make of Trump — and that may be a victory of sorts. Before Trump arrived here Saturday, Saudis knew him mostly for his caustic comments about Muslims, a ban on travel from six majority-Muslim countries and the suspension of refugee resettlement to the United States, said Anfal Riyadh, ​​who was among several thousand young people at a forum Sunday on using social media to combat extremism. “People were saying how can he say these things about Muslims and come to Saudi Arabia?” said Riyadh, a 22-year-old law student. While some here continue to see Trump as biased against Muslims, he charmed others during the weekend visit with his deal-making and deference to local customs. Nabih Bulos Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... Even before Jordan’s King Abdullah II took the microphone, moments after President Trump had finished his address at the summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, reactions were already flooding social media. “Bravo President Trump,” tweeted Anwar Gargash, the United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, who... (Nabih Bulos) “I have mixed feelings,” said Muyassar Albar, a 28-year-old lawyer from Mecca, scanning WhatsApp posts about Trump’s visit as he waited for the forum to start. “I’m not like my other friends who really hate him. He loves the U.S.A., and he wants to make it better. Maybe somebody has to shake politics to change things.” Albar saw social media posts about Trump participating in a traditional sword dance Saturday and photos of him bowing to accept a medal from King Salman. It was a gesture that played well here, especially with young people. “We respect our elders. That’s a good deed, good manners,” Albar said. Rana Hanaya, 27, who teaches interpreting at a local university, was among many young women in the crowd, some wearing head scarves and others in face-covering veils. She saw Trump’s visit as “confirmation of what’s to come, and that means lots of partnerships, not just business deals.” Hanaya was especially excited to see Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, at Sunday’s forum — called Tweeps 2017 — and noted that First Lady Melania Trump had met with Saudi schoolchildren earlier in the day. “If he came on his own, a lot of people might think it’s just a business thing,” Hanaya said of Trump. “Ivanka and Melania are both participating. It’s women’s empowerment for both Saudi and the United States.” Molly Hennessy-Fiske The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... The top trending Twitter hashtag in Saudi Arabia on Saturday wasn’t visiting President Trump or even First Lady Melania Trump. Instead, Saudis were abuzz about #binttrump — Arabic for “Trump’s daughter,” Ivanka. Saudi Arabia’s fascination with Ivanka Trump highlights how far women have advanced... (Molly Hennessy-Fiske) The Trump administration announced a series of military and economic agreements forged with Saudi Arabia, and that impressed some young Saudis who are impatient to develop and modernize their country. “We were not expecting to finalize things so quickly,” said Basim Ibrahim, 31, who works for Global Shapers, a social media hub. “Most of the deals were about bringing companies to Saudi Arabia, technology — that’s important.” Some of his friends thought the deals included too much military spending — around $110 billion — but Ibrahim disagreed. He noted that the U.S. arms sales included Black Hawk helicopters that would be manufactured in Saudi Arabia. “It’s beneficial not only for the government, but for the people, creating jobs,” he said. “I have a lot of friends who are working at these companies: Boeing, BAE Systems — engineers educated in the U.S.A. They don’t want to leave [Saudi Arabia] for jobs.” He believes that Trump’s views about Muslims have changed since the election, in part because of his interactions with a new generation of Saudi leaders. “This is what we are trying to do: To give him a real picture of Saudi Arabia and Muslims,” he said. Waiting for his mother at a mall in downtown Riyadh late Sunday, Mohammed Musharaf, 27, said he thought Trump’s visit went “better than I expected.” “He’s not as they say: racist, hates Arabs,” said Musharaf, who just graduated from business school. “He is a businessman, which is better than a politician. That’s what the world needs: experience that benefits both countries.” Ashwag Nuaimah had just finished shopping at a Zara clothing store with her sister and cousins. “We were afraid before he came,” said Nuaimah, 36, a mother of four who started her own perfume business and said she was impressed by “the deals he makes with us.” “It will be a leap forward, a big step,” said her sister Atheer, 20, of the partnership between the two countries. Their cousin Latifah Abdullah, a 21-year-old office management student, expects a broadening of perspectives in both countries and hopes that will benefit Saudi women, who still face many barriers to full participation in their economy and government. “There’s a lot changing here,” she said. “And in America also.” Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes DTLA tunnel, TV advertising President speeches, cyberattack-liability, Joshua Tree tortoises   Robin Williams-USC, Las Vegas giraffeRoger Ailes Caption An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. Caption A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. Caption Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Caption The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. molly.hennessy-fiske@latimes.com Twitter: @mollyhf ALSO Trump's message to Arab leaders: Do more to fight extremism A tale of two princes: A king's son and a president's son-in-law drive Trump's visit Human rights activists decry U.S. sale of weapons to Saudi Arabia Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Saudi Arabia Donald Trump Forcing women to have children is akin to slavery, says a devoutly Christian abortion doctor Chicago police tighten rules guiding officers' use of force Death by stoning: Battered Syrian city offers a window into life under the thumb of Islamic State militants Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 64°
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers CarsIreland.ie Blog Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths Fitlive.ie Fitlive.ie Events Training Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Charlie Weston Colette Browne Dan O'Brien David McWilliams Fionnan Sheahan Gene Kerrigan Ian O'Doherty Ivan Yates Martina Devlin Sarah Carey David Quinn Billy Keane Mary Kenny Declan Lynch Brendan O'Connor Sinead Kissane Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List World Technology Dublin Information Sec 2017 Tech & Gaming Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness PRO12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Punchestown Horse Racing Punchestown Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Baby Loss Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Vhi WMM Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts The Paul Williams Podcast The Punter's Platform The Floating Voter Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business World Monday 22 May 2017 Share watch: Leonardo turns a corner - but is only for the brave Leonardo’s €12bn business is focused on helicopters, aircraft, space, defence, naval and security systems. Stock photo John Lynch May 22 2017 2:30 AM 0 Comments Share watch: Leonardo turns a corner - but is only for the brave Independent.ie The great Renaissance genius Leonardo da Vinci is remembered as a gentle soul. Friends recalled seeing the illustrious artist buy caged birds in the Florentine marketplace and set them free so that he could study their flapping wings in flight. I always thought it was a bit of a libel on the great man to name one of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles after him. http://www.independent.ie/business/world/share-watch-leonardo-turns-a-corner-but-is-only-for-the-brave-35739593.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35739312.ece/8ac40/AUTOCROP/h342/24%20BUS%20F_35_JSF_hr.jpg Email The great Renaissance genius Leonardo da Vinci is remembered as a gentle soul. Friends recalled seeing the illustrious artist buy caged birds in the Florentine marketplace and set them free so that he could study their flapping wings in flight. I always thought it was a bit of a libel on the great man to name one of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles after him. But worse was to come. In the past year or so, the partly state-owned Italian defence contractor (and one of the top 10 arms traders in the world) was renamed after the brilliant vegetarian. While it is also true that Leonardo worked for some dodgy characters in his time and designed many weapons of war (he is credited with designing the first machine gun), I think I'd prefer if he was remembered for the 'Mona Lisa' and other things of great beauty. Nevertheless, Leonardo has taken its place alongside well-known names in war like Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Raythenon, United Technologies and General Dynamics. Up to the beginning of 2016 the company was known as Finmeccanica. It is listed on the Milan Stock Exchange, with 47,000 employees, 150 sites worldwide and is valued at €8.5bn. The origins of the company go back to the end of World War II. Then Italian industry was in a critical condition with most of its manufacturing base destroyed. The government, through its industrial policy arm, Institute for Industrial Reconstruction, set up Finmeccanica to manage what was left of the engineering and shipbuilding industry. Over the years, as Italian politics pursued its unpredictable course, the company found itself being used as a political football and a regular feature on the financial front pages. However, in 1993 it was floated off. Post-floatation Finmeccanica continued to have periodic sensational splashes on the front pages with a helicopter merger controversy in the UK, the controversial selling of equipment to the Assad government during the Syrian uprising, and recently it lost two CEOs, one for bribery and the second had his reputation tarnished, being blamed for a tragic rail disaster while he headed a State railway company. Leonardo's €12bn business is focused on helicopters, aircraft, space, defence, naval and security systems. The helicopter business Augusta Westland is involved in both commercial and military markets and accounts for one-third of total sales. Its aeronautics division is involved in making fighter jets and commercial aircraft. It has a joint venture to build a European supersonic fighter jet. Separately, it produces regional turbo prop commercial aircraft and makes fuselages for Boeing. This division accounts for a quarter of group sales. Leonardo's defence, naval and security systems contribute 40pc to group sales. Its security business includes the design and management of IT and data processing for the intelligent services including cyber security. Given recent events, this is a vital business. The company is involved in naval security, naval artillery, armoured vehicles and underwater vessels and produces missiles and missile systems. The group's involvement in space exploration is focused on space systems, the management of space launches and orbiting satellites for telecoms, meteorology, and defence. Revenue last year was €12bn, its lowest in the last 10 years, but operating profit, at €1.2bn, was the highest in the same period. Its restructuring programme is bearing fruit with net profit of €507m in 2016 compared to €20m two years earlier. Net borrowings declined in the last two years but are still high at €2.8bn. The shares trade at €14, up from a yearly low of €8. Leonardo investors are a long-suffering group and only this year did it pay its first tiny dividend since 2010. Leonardo operates in a volatile market which is affected by political, social and economic conditions. The holding being owned by the Italian government is yet another cause for concern. Ethical reasons aside, this share is only for the courageous. Nothing in this section should be taken as a recommendation, either explicit or implicit to buy any of the shares mentioned. Irish Independent Follow @Indobusiness Karen Millen to put up prices 5pc - but consumers 'will not notice hikes'  Kalyeena Makortoff Karen Millen is to hike shop prices by 5pc this year as the retailer faces soaring costs following the collapse of the Brexit-hit pound, with the company also embarking on a strategic review. European laptop ban deleted for now, but case isn't closed  Mark Evans The last few days saw a victory for common sense, following widespread reports from respected aviation industry commentators that Donald Trump's administration would extend the airline laptop ban to... The Trump trade has become a rollercoaster for equity investors  The US dollar fell and was poised for its worst week in more than a year while world stock markets edged up yesterday amid some calm following declines earlier in the week spurred by uncertainty relating to Donald Trump's US presidency. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Share watch: Leonardo turns a corner - but is only for the brave  World Karen Millen to put up prices 5pc - but consumers 'will not notice hikes'  World European laptop ban deleted for now, but case isn't closed  World The Trump trade has become a rollercoaster for equity investors  World This travel ban is set to cost up to $1bn  World 'Flawless' - Britain's Got Talent judges give Irish Leah (14) an emotional standing...  Television Fighting with Shaun Edwards, pursuing excellence and why Mayo won't win Sam: Paul...  Sport RTÉ news chief's Varadkar tweet deleted over fears it showed bias  Politics 'Intimidation campaign' against hotelier for flying 'butcher's apron' Union Jack  Irish News Man struck on the head with hatchet 'over ongoing family feud'  Irish News Fine Gael leadership race officially underway as first full day of campaigning begins 'Campaign of intimidation' against hotel owner for flying Union Jack Here's how many attempts to access porn sites were logged in Leinster House in just one month Donald Trump signs $110bn arms deal hours after landing in Saudi Arabia Promoted articles Also in Business Share watch: Leonardo turns a corner - but is only for the brave The great Renaissance genius Leonardo da Vinci is... Karen Millen to put up prices 5pc - but consumers 'will not notice hikes' Karen Millen is to hike shop prices by 5pc this year as the... European laptop ban deleted for now, but case isn't closed The last few days saw a victory for common sense, following widespread reports from... The Trump trade has become a rollercoaster for equity investors The US dollar fell and was poised for its worst week in... A cashless restaurant that aims to double as your personal nutritionist has... A cashless restaurant, which allows you to... Former chief executive of Fox News Roger Ailes dies aged 77 Roger Ailes, former chief executive of Fox News Channel, has died at... Nestlé foiled by Cadbury as it loses bid to trademark KitKat bar KitKat maker Nestlé has been foiled again, after a UK... UK airline Flybe exploring opportunities with Dublin-based Stobart Air Flybe boss Christine Ourmieres-Widener said the airline... Deepening White House turmoil roils markets The turmoil engulfing US President Donald Trump's administration spilled into financial... This travel ban is set to cost up to $1bn Widening the US laptop ban to include flights from Europe would cost travellers more... VIDEO: Project Hope's Richard Carson Entrepreneurs with a vision for social change and an eye on €300,000 in... VIDEO: Dragons' Den-style bootcamp - 'The Grow Dome Project' Entrepreneurs with a vision for social change... VIDEO: Cooking up Change's Aisling Kirwan has brought her 'Cook. Eat. Share' to the... Entrepreneurs with a vision for social change... VIDEO: 'Impact of Brexit on Irish companies already started' Irish export growth to the UK was down... VIDEO: Cyber attack hit 200,000 victims across 150 countries, says Europol... The threat from the cyber attack that crippled... VIDEO: Balmoral Show Echo the heifer becomes unlikely moo-vie star A Co Down heifer has become an unlikely social... VIDEO: Balmoral set to pull in a record 100,000 visitors Visitor numbers at the Balmoral Show are expected to crack the 100,000 mark... VIDEO - EU negotiator Michel Barnier: Initial Brexit focus will be on Ireland, the... Michel Barnier speaks at the European... WATCH: Our novice 'beautician' tries the beauty product Irish women are waxing lyrical about VIDEO: Former Coca Cola CEO shares his motto for success Co Down millionaire Neville Isdell may have left the country for Zambia when he... Social Entrepreneurs Ireland Bootcamp 2017 In pictures: All Ireland Marketing Awards 2017 See stunning pictures of silage work beside Newgrange Stunning pictures taken last week Newgrange Farm, Slane Co Meath show silage being... In Pictures: Dublin Data Sec 2017 Press Photographer Association of Ireland (PPAI) awards - winning pictures Press Photographer of the Year 2017 Gerry Mooney - A Portfolio In pictures: Shakira and Forest Whitaker attend annual World Economic Forum (WEF) From magic mirrors to kissing robots - the best from the world's biggest tech show Gallery: Around rural Ireland this week in 11 pictures In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Charlie Weston Colette Browne Dan O'Brien David McWilliams Fionnan Sheahan Gene Kerrigan Ian O'Doherty Ivan Yates Martina Devlin Sarah Carey David Quinn Billy Keane Mary Kenny Declan Lynch Brendan O'Connor Sinead Kissane Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List World Technology Dublin Information Sec 2017 Tech & Gaming Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness PRO12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Punchestown Horse Racing Punchestown Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Baby Loss Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Vhi WMM Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts The Paul Williams Podcast The Punter's Platform The Floating Voter Search Go
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Trump’s First Foreign Trip Missing Nigeria Schoolgirls TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Business News Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 21 2017, 9:36 am ET The Future of 21st Century Manufacturing Is Digital by Elizabeth Chmurak Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement Across America, manufacturing is changing from the traditional assembly line to the use of collaborative robots. By 2025, industrial robots are expected to perform 25 percent of tasks such as assembly, packaging, and material handling. "Instead of these old factories that are very laborious and have a lot of big machinery, manufacturing is going to look more like software, and have machines that are running off of digital files," said Jonathan Schwartz of Voodoo Manufacturing, a 3-D printing company in Brooklyn, New York. Schwartz and fellow co-founder Max Friefeld rely on 160 3-D printers to manufacture nearly 50 different projects, from key chains to T-Rex shower heads, all at once. Play Facebook Twitter Embed The Factory of the Future is Digital 3:32 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/949353539998" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> "We're focused on doing this at high volume, cost effectively," said Friefeld. "3-D printing used to be 10 units, 20 unit prototypes. Now we do thousands for every order." The Rebirth of Manufacturing Bringing manufacturing jobs back to the U.S. is a top priority for President Donald Trump, who has made "Buy American, Hire American" a key element in his pro-business agenda. However, the manufacturing industry is no longer what it used to be. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, 4.9 million manufacturing jobs have disappeared in the past 20 years — in part because of increased automation. Industry executives say today's manufacturing is about collaboration with innovation, and learning to work hand in hand with robots. Helping to take Voodoo to the next level of a modern-day factory is Jim Allen, director of manufacturing. "I think they're gonna adapt," he said of traditional manufacturing businesses. "There are examples of companies that have been tool and die, automotive, and other industries where [now] they're using robotics." Robots Create Jobs Voodoo isn't the only manufacturing company taking the leap into 3-D printing. Big brands such as GE, Adidas, Boeing, Ford, Nike, Hasbro, and Hershey's are also integrating the technology into their products. The fear of robots replacing humans in the manufacturing industry is a growing concern for millions of unemployed Americans. But Allen says there is a silver lining that comes with technological advances. "Because of automation, we're increasing our productivity. We're able to get more products out there at a lower cost at higher quality. Being able to do that increases demand, increased demand creates more jobs — so it's a self-fulfilling cycle of creating more jobs," said Allen. "We have to be competitive with the other processes and other countries. And that enables us to create more jobs." Elizabeth Chmurak Email Topic Business News First Published May 21 2017, 9:36 am ET Next Story Ex-Fox CEO Ailes Built A Media Empire. Then Came The Demons. advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN EVENTS APPS Home Redstone Arsenal AMC ACC AMRDEC USASAC USACE Dept of Defense Videos WAAYTV Redstone 75th Anniversary Toggle navigation Home Redstone Arsenal AMC ACC AMRDEC USASAC USACE Dept of Defense Videos WAAYTV Redstone 75th Anniversary WATCH LIVE 4:30-7am 11am 5pm 6pm 7pm 10pm Close 1 of 4 KCNA Ralph Scott The first of two Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) interceptors is launched during a successful intercept test. (MDA Photo) Boeing US Navy Photo The USS John Paul Jones used a Standard Missile-6 to destroy a supersonic high altitude target drone in a live fire tests June 18-20, 2014. After North Korea tests a medium range ballistic missile--a look at Huntsville's role in shooting them down Jeff Martin, jmartin@waaytv.com Jeff Martin May 21, 2017 Updated 11 hrs ago 0 KCNA  North Korea has again tested a medium range ballistic missile on Saturday, firing it near Pyongyang, the rogue Asian nation's capital, according to a statement from the U.S. Pacific Command.  "U.S. Pacific Command detected and tracked what we assess was a North Korean missile launch at 09:59 p.m. Hawaii time May 20. The launch of a medium range ballistic missile occurred near Pukchang. The missile was tracked until it landed in the Sea of Japan,' said spokesman Commander David Benham in a statement.  North Korea has continued to test both ballistic missiles and nuclear weapons over the past several years, but has significantly ramped up their testing program in recent months.  The missile launched was believed to be the KN-15, which traveled about 310 miles. It is a solid-fueled missile, which is a sign of advanced technology.  If North Korea launches a missile at the U.S. or its allies, a missile defense interceptor built in Alabama would likely be what attempts to shoots it down.  One possibility is the Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense system, mounted on Navy ships in the Pacific and at a test site in Hawaii, which uses Raytheon Standard Missiles, built on Redstone Arsenal to shoot down incoming missiles. It has two "phases", terminal and midcourse. The terminal system is the SM-6 missile, which shoots down missiles as they get close to their target. The midcourse phase is the territory of the SM-3. It is a long-range missile that can reach targets in space from the deck of a Navy ship and land-based installations.  +3  The USS John Paul Jones used a Standard Missile-6 to destroy a supersonic high altitude target drone in a live fire tests June 18-20, 2014. US Navy Photo Japan has signaled they are interested in acquiring the land-based system to complement their Kongo and Atago class destroyers, which are equipped with the system. Those ships are often on duty in the Sea of Japan in case of a launch.  The other Alabama built system is THAAD, built by Lockheed Martin in Pike County. It is designed to destroy missiles in the terminal phase. +3  The first of two Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) interceptors is launched during a successful intercept test. (MDA Photo) Ralph Scott Also known as Terminal High Altitude Area Defense,  THAAD uses missiles mounted on trucks to shoot down incoming missiles using kinetic energy. That means it literally hits them in mid-air going at extreme speeds. It can be placed where needed and right now is based in South Korea and Guam.  Another system is the Army's Patriot missile defense system, deployed in South Korea and Japan. While assembly of the missiles is done in Arkansas, Boeing's Huntsville office is a main subcontractor on the program.  The final system used to intercept North Korean missiles isn't built in Alabama, but is supported here by the Missile Defense Agency. Called Ground-based Mid-course Defense or GMD, it uses Alaska and California-based interceptor missiles to shoot down incoming missiles in space. While the system has faced some issues, it's often described as America's homeland defense.  +3  Boeing Bottom line, if North Korea chooses to launch a missile at the U.S. or its allies, Huntsville will play an outsize role in helping to shoot it down.  Jeff Martin Follow Jeff Martin Close Get email notifications on Jeff Martin daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Jeff Martin posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Jeff Martin Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Tweets by jeffWAAY31   Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates For daily news updates and when Breaking News occurs. Manage your lists Sections Home Redstone Arsenal Amc Acc Amrdec Usasac Usace Dept of Defense Videos Reporter Information WAAYTV - Jeff Martin 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL 35801 Phone: 256-533-8521 Email: jmartin@waaytv.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 WAAY-TV, 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN EVENTS APPS Home Redstone Arsenal AMC ACC AMRDEC USASAC USACE Dept of Defense Videos WAAYTV Redstone 75th Anniversary Toggle navigation Home Redstone Arsenal AMC ACC AMRDEC USASAC USACE Dept of Defense Videos WAAYTV Redstone 75th Anniversary WATCH LIVE 4:30-7am 11am 5pm 6pm 7pm 10pm Close Ralph Scott The first of two Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) interceptors is launched during a successful intercept test. (MDA Photo) top story $110 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia has Alabama connections Jeff Martin, jmartin@waaytv.com Jeff Martin May 21, 2017 Updated 8 hrs ago 0 Ralph Scott The first of two Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) interceptors is launched during a successful intercept test. (MDA Photo) While details are still coming out, the deal signed by President Donald Trump and King Salman of Saudi Arabia appears to have connections to Alabama, particularly in the sale of the THAAD missile defense system and logistics support for helicopter systems.  "This package of defense equipment and services supports the long-term security of Saudi Arabia and the Gulf region in the face of malign Iranian influence and Iranian related threats," said a statement from the State Department. "Additionally, it bolsters the Kingdom's ability to provide for its own security and continue contributing to counterterrorism operations across the region, reducing the burden on U.S. military forces."  Official sales notifications have not yet been posted, but the State Department did say that the sale includes aerostats, tanks, artillery, counter-mortar radars, armored personnel carriers, helicopters, Multi-Mission Surface Combatant ships, naval helicopters, patrol boats, associated weapons systems, transport aircraft, light close air support aircraft , intelligence-gathering aircraft, Patriot missiles and the THAAD missile defense system.  THAAD is made by Lockheed Martin at the company's plant in Troy, and is one of the most advanced missile defense systems in the world. Saudi Arabia would be the second country after the United Arab Emirates to buy the system, which is aimed to counter Iranian aggression. "We are especially proud of how our broad portfolio of advanced global security products and technologies will enhance national security in Saudi Arabia, strengthen the cause of peace in the region, and provide the foundation for job creation and economic prosperity in the U.S. and in the Kingdom," said the company's CEO, Marillyn Hewson.  Lockheed will also partner with Saudi company Taqnia to form a joint ventrue that will build what Lockheed estimates as 150 Black Hawk utility helicopters for Saudi Arabia.  Boeing has also announced that their programs were part of the deal, with a deal for 48 CH-47F Chinook cargo helicopters being finalized and a plan to buy P-8A maritime surveillance aircraft being announced. Boeing's release also announced that they would provide sustainment for Saudi military platforms. Boeing does vertical lift sustainment in Huntsville.  "These announcements reaffirm our commitment to the economic growth, prosperity and national security of both Saudi Arabia and the United States, helping to create or sustain thousands of jobs in our two countries,” said Boeing Chairman, President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg.  More details are expected to be announced this week about the remainder of the arms package.  Jeff Martin Follow Jeff Martin Close Get email notifications on Jeff Martin daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Jeff Martin posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Jeff Martin Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Tweets by jeffWAAY31   Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates For daily news updates and when Breaking News occurs. Manage your lists Sections Home Redstone Arsenal Amc Acc Amrdec Usasac Usace Dept of Defense Videos Reporter Information WAAYTV - Jeff Martin 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL 35801 Phone: 256-533-8521 Email: jmartin@waaytv.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 WAAY-TV, 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
News Qatar GCC Middle East Europe Americas Africa India Pakistan/Afghanistan Asia Philippines Oceania Business Qatar Business GCC Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Oil Market Sports Qatar Sport Football Tennis Formula One Cricket Athletics Golf NBA Rugby Basketball Olympics Life Style Features & more Tech & Science Motoring Health Food Travel Views Editor in Chief Columns Opinion In Focus Syrian Civil War Islamic State Doha Today Community Campus Souq Entertainment Hollywood Bollywood World Cinema Music In Focus Qatar 2022 Syria Civil War Jobs Search Jobs Advanced Search Post Your CV Breaking News Bomb at hospital in Thai capital, Bangkok, wounds 24 - police Home Business GCC Business Previous Post Saudi stocks bask in Trump glow Corporate A-listers descend on Riyadh  22 May 2017 - 0:53 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon Bloomberg Washington/Riyadh:  Defense contractors were the big winners, but President Donald Trump’s first day in Saudi Arabia yielded a slew of high-profile investment deals that showcased the administration’s ability to draw support from major corporations. Top executives who descended on Riyadh for a CEO summit timed to coincide with Trump’s visit included JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon, Blackstone Group LP CEO Steve Schwarzman, and Marillyn Hewson, the CEO of Lockheed Martin Corp. Saturday’s meeting, the “Saudi-U.S. CEO Forum,” drew the kind of corporate firepower Trump suggested he could harness when he ran for the Oval Office as a Washington outsider/business executive who would reach outside the Beltway and enlist other executives in support of the administration’s economic goals. More than 30 CEOs of major U.S. companies were on hand for the summit, at the Four Seasons Hotel in Riyadh. Some later joined Trump and Saudi officials at the Royal Court Palace for a deal-signing ceremony. Those who spoke to reporters said they weren’t put off by drama surrounding the Trump White House. “We’re just seeing tremendous opportunity with Trump coming here,” said Steven Demetriou, CEO of Jacobs Engineering Group.   Blackstone Group LP CEO Steve Schwarzman   Dimon gave a thumbs-up to Trump’s deregulatory agenda in an interview with Bloomberg Television. “Most of us in business think that regulations have been holding back growth,” he said. Arms deals and intentions alone announced on Saturday totaled some $110bn, in what would be the largest arms package in US history. Meanwhile, Blackstone, the world’s biggest private equity manager, announced an agreement with Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund to invest $100bn in infrastructure projects, mainly in the US. Derided by Trump at times over the cost of the F-35 fighter jet program, Lockheed seemed to have made peace with the White House. Earlier this week, the New York Times reported that Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner phoned Hewson while meeting a Saudi delegation, suggesting Lockheed lower the cost of an anti-missile system it was pitching to the Saudis. Lockheed Martin Corp  CEO Marillyn Hewson. Price cut or not, Lockheed racked up more than $28bn in sales and intentions, the company said in a statement, covering integrated air and missile defense, combat ships, tactical aircraft and rotary wing technologies and programs. Also on hand in Riyadh was Boeing Co. Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg; Trump has at times encouraged Boeing and Lockheed to compete for pricey US defense contacts. “This is a great vote of confidence by the United States in the business environment of Saudi Arabia,” Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, traveling with the president, said during a press conference. The military sales and intended deals fall broadly into five categories: border security and counterterrorism; maritime and coastal security; air force modernization; air and missile defense; and cybersecurity and communications upgrades, according to a State Department statement. Share this post Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Editor-in-Chief The Peninsula: Leading from the front Dr. Khalid Al-Shafi Opinions Palestinians expect nothing good from Trump Omar Barghouti Uber needs to change to stay a tech company Leonid Bershidsky Security and stability: Somalia’s big... Boris Johnson Look past my headscarf Sawsan Morrar Emergence of new spontaneous media Aiman Abboushi Impact of globalisation on Qatari youth AlDana Al-Athba Emir’s visit to Africa: A step in the right... Dr Mohammad Saleh Al Misfer How Bashar Al Assad rescued Trump Dr Daud Abdullah Donald Trump’s symbolic strike on Syria Ibrahim Al Marashi Teaching and learning Arabic language Dr. Kenneth Hulslander Latest News Hot News Bomb at hospital in Thai capital, Bangkok, wounds 24 -...  22 May 2017 - 9:52 Ford to replace CEO Mark Fields with James Hakett - Forbes  22 May 2017 - 9:38 Quality of life on rise for many Africans, report says  22 May 2017 - 9:27 Qatar announces working hours during Ramadan  15 May 2017 - 14:03 Sports roundabout to fall soon; Ashghal plans to build...  16 May 2017 - 17:33 Three workers die at Qatari Armed Forces building site  17 May 2017 - 12:13 Video Gallery Photo Gallery Aspire first International Kite Festival Doha Festival City QIFF 2017 by Salim Matramkot QIFF 2017 by Abdul Basit Qatar Airways - QSuite Latest Tweets Tweets by @PeninsulaQatar Latest News Bomb at hospital in Thai capital, Bangkok, wounds 24 - police Ford to replace CEO Mark Fields with James Hakett - Forbes Quality of life on rise for many Africans, report says Hot News Qatar announces working hours during Ramadan Sports roundabout to fall soon; Ashghal plans to build signal-controlled intersection Three workers die at Qatari Armed Forces building site About Us The Peninsula newspaper provides extensive news coverage, incisive analyses and trenchant commentary from around the world, but with firm roots and primary focus on life in Qatar. Stay in touch © 2017 All Rights Reserved. Toggle navigation About Contact
CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Monday, May 22, 2017 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Melania Trump dons Arabic-inspired outfit on arrival to Riyadh Sailing through time Rahaalah- Travel The World Through Social Media Entertainment Weekly Bernar venet AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home Opinion US President Trump’s visit to Saudi Arabia Opinion US President Trump’s visit to Saudi Arabia May 22, 2017 78 1 SHARE Facebook Twitter By Hussein Shobokshi By the time this column is published, US President Donald Trump will have completed his visit to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The fact that President Trump chose the Kingdom as the first country to visit since taking office in January reflects the US administration’s intention to build a stronger relationship with the Kingdom and with the region in general. His visit is also meant to build stronger partnerships to combat terrorism in the region. This is an important occasion and a very crucial chapter in the history of Saudi-US relations. Some see an improvement in the relationship between the two countries as a “correction” of US policy in the Obama era, while others see it as a continuation of the strategic relationship between the two countries. First of all, I believe, there is no need to be confused or to be afraid to form an important, strong and exceptional relationship with the United States of America. Let us keep in mind that Turkey has made such a relationship and that it is an important member of NATO. Qatar has on its territory one of the largest US military bases, while Iran has signed an extraordinary nuclear agreement. Thus, Saudi Arabia is right in maintaining continuity in its relationship with the most powerful nation in the world today. There is a positive history and a long legacy of relations between Saudi Arabia and the United States. Saudi Arabia remembers America’s leading role in the discovery of oil in the Kingdom and its contribution to the creation of Aramco, the backbone of the Saudi economy, which, over time, has turned into a success story and a source of national pride. This is not the only success in terms of the American footprint on the Saudi economy. There is the success story of King Faisal Specialist Hospital in Riyadh, which was launched with American involvement, as well as their contribution in establishing Saudi Arabian Airlines, that benefitted from the expertise of the then American airline TWA. These three are examples of exceptional management, especially in the case of Aramco, which affected the entire region and still has an undeniable effect. Moreover, there are visible and tangible projects in the Royal Commission for Jubail and Yanbu, which were then under the supervision of another gigantic American engineering company, Bechtel. Of course, Saudis also have great respect for other American companies, such as Pepsi, Boeing, General Motors, McDonald’s, General Electric and others. The respect of Saudis for American innovation has had a significant impact on development in the Kingdom in various vital and important areas. For Saudis, all of these reasons and other factors make the relationship with America special and distinctive. There may be criticism of some US policies, but the admiration for America is deep and large. America has a lot to offer in the field of science, technology, industry, education and medicine to name but a few areas. There is nothing wrong or shameful in intensifying cooperation with the US and building a private relationship, an issue that the enemies of Saudi Arabia are not in favor of. The relationship between Saudi Arabia and the United States transcends US administrations and presidents because it is longstanding and based on common interests. Saudi Arabia welcomes US President Donald Trump and it stresses its keenness to maintain a strong and lasting relationship with a most important country. This relationship is important, and even though there have been ups and downs the foundation remains firm and solid. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleSaudi Arabia and the US: Unwavering special relationship Next articleIvanka Trump meets with Saudi women leaders Mohammed Ahmed Al Aidroos RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Stand united against terror: King Salman Trump calls for coalition to combat terror Center to combat extremist ideology inaugurated 1 COMMENT Farooq Ibrahim Chanda May 22, 2017 at 12:22 AM Very well said Mr. Shoboksi. May this relationship between our two contries continue to grow stronger! Reply LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply May 2017 S M T W T F S « Apr       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   STAY CONNECTED 1,635,204FansLike 43,997FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts Stand united against terror: King Salman May 22, 2017 Trump calls for coalition to combat terror May 22, 2017 Center to combat extremist ideology inaugurated May 22, 2017 Social media a powerful tool: Ivanka May 22, 2017 Iran should respect rights of neighbors — Tillerson May 22, 2017 Archives May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 241% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 110% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/21/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 241% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 110% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/21/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Trump Administration Explodes into Action on Foreign Arms Sales April was a very busy month for America's arms dealers. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) May 21, 2017 at 12:13PM With the S&P 500 down 1.5% over the past week, it seems turmoil in the Trump Administration isn't doing investors a lot of favors. But give Donald Trump credit where credit is due. His administration is doing great things for one segment of the stock market: The defense industry. Image source: Getty Images. Introducing Uncle Sam: Arms dealer to the world We know this because late last month, the Trump Administration Defense Security Cooperation Agency notified Congress of a whole slew of big ticket arms deals in the works -- weapons sales that promise to pour literally billions of dollars of new revenues into the coffers of some of America's biggest defense contractors. On one particularly big news day, April 28, the DSCA announced that it has notified Congress of no fewer than seven separate pending arms sales that it plans to push through. These deals are aiming to sell: 110 radar-seeking air-to-ground "HARM" missiles to Australia, generating sales of $137.6 million for prime contractors Orbital ATK (NYSE:OA) and Raytheon (NYSE:RTN). Four P-8A Poseidon submarine-hunting jet aircraft to New Zealand -- a $1.46 billion payday for Boeing (NYSE:BA). 13 76 mm cannon for installation aboard Israeli Navy SA'AR 4.5 and SA'AR 6 Missile Patrol Boats at a purchase price of $440 million. (Italian firm Leonardo S.p.a.'s DRS North America subsidiary will be the contractor on that one.) Nine Bell 429 light utility helicopters to Slovakia, yielding sales of $150 million for Textron (NYSE:TXT). And five CH-47D Chinook helicopters, sold out of U.S. government surplus to Greece for $80 million. Also included in the DSCA's list of pending contracts are two directed toward the NATO Support and Procurement Agency, specifically: A $300 million sale of C-17 Globemaster III logistics support services, with Boeing acting as prime contractor; and A $33.5 million sale of Large Aircraft Infrared Countermeasures (LAIRCM) components, used to protect C-17s from anti-aircraft missile attack, supplied by Northrop Grumman (NYSE:NOC). Add them all up, and the global shopping list for U.S. arms comes to more than $2.6 billion in total value, with most of that going to benefit prime contractors Orbital ATK and Raytheon, Boeing, Textron, and Northrop Grumman -- some of the largest defense contractors on the planet, and stalwarts of the U.S. defense industry, each and every one. And that's just the sales announced on April 28. Since those deals were announced, DSCA has also notified Congress of sales of military apparel to India, MD 530 ground attack fighters to Kenya, and air defense missiles to the United Arab Emirates -- additional billions of dollars worth of revenue for the companies involved. What it means for investors President Trump has proposed a new military budget that will feature tens of billions of dollars in increased defense spending for the Pentagon. But already, the President's administration is pushing Congress to approve billions of dollars in new weapons sales to America's allies. Between increased military spending at home and increased sales of military hardware abroad, it's boom times for the defense industry in America. So is it any wonder that the iShares U.S. Aerospace & Defense ETF (NYSEMKT:ITA) is up 16% since the November election? Heck, if every single stock in the defense industry wasn't so clearly overvalued already, I might even buy a few of them myself. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Orbital ATK. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Article Info May 21, 2017 at 12:13PM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $180.76 up $3.36 (1.89%) Orbital ATK NYSE:OA $97.25 up $0.91 (0.94%) Textron NYSE:TXT $46.49 up $0.36 (0.78%) Raytheon NYSE:RTN $160.28 up $2.39 (1.51%) Northrop Grumman NYSE:NOC $249.88 up $3.00 (1.22%) iShares Dow Jones US Aerospace & Defense NYSEMKT:ITA $153.15 up $2.32 (1.54%) Read More Boeing Bags $2.2 Billion Navy Contract Raytheon Crushes It on Earnings Day Russia's New Spaceship Could Be Crewed by Robots Boeing Co. Earnings: 2017 Begins on a Mixed Note Could NASA Beat SpaceX in the Next Space Race? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Trump Administration Explodes into Action on Foreign Arms Sales @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $OA, $TXT, $RTN, $NOC, $ITA
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Fire damages Camas home Digging into big fun at Dozer Day Motorcycle rider hurt attempting to pass between two vehicles Off beat: Mount St. Helen’s bleak landscape a fit for ‘The Road’ North Korea fires medium-range missile in latest weapon test Next stop for Trump is Israel, in pursuit of ‘ultimate deal’ 7 adults, 2 children forced out when Portland apartment catches fire Bonneville Dam fish count 5/21 Crowds cheer at annual Hazel Dell Parade of Bands Seven-year-old Addie Skinner sat perched on the curb of Hazel Dell Avenue Saturday morning as she watched marching bands, cheer… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Battle Ground, Camas wrap up 4A state softball berths Best of Northwest youth rowing on display at Vancouver Lake White Sox, Holland thump Mariners 8-1 Bonneville Dam fish count 5/21 High school scoreboard 5/21 Knights find a way to state baseball semifinal Roundup: Mountain View baseball falls to Edmonds-Woodway at state Prairie’s softball season ends just short of its goal Girls tennis: Mountain View sends five girls to 3A state Battle Ground baseball suffers painful loss at 4A regional Knights find a way to state baseball semifinal The King’s Way Christian baseball team is not just going to the state semifinals for the first time, the Knights… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Galaxy S8, S8+ simply a step above any other phone Google staves off genericide battle Experts offer Clark County teens tips for finding work amid tough competition Microsoft CEO Nadella cautions of social implications of technology Wal-Mart looks to future with new training program Berko: SNAP always lacked the crackle, pop to go it alone As more states legalize pot, more employees failing drug tests Boeing warns 279 union members of possible layoff Berko: Sell TCF now, while the getting is still good Vancouver’s Loowit readying for remodel Vancouver’s Loowit readying for remodel Weeks after Loowit Brewing Company’s flagship beer vanished and re-emerged with a new look, so too will the brewery’s taproom. Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Record year for processing U.S. passport applications Nonagenarians share secrets of keeping spry Winawer’s ‘The Scribe of Siena’ is a passionate love tale Katy Perry confirmed as ‘American Idol’ judge As Kennedy used new medium of TV, Trump exploits Twitter Scents of spring have a reason Pressure is on for ‘Guardians of the Galaxy’ sequels Friends, family have influence but often lack good info Check It Out: No need to unplug after reading books on internet security Chris Cornell found another home for his music in movies Check It Out: No need to unplug after reading books on internet security Last week’s worldwide cyberattack by ransomware dubbed “WannaCry” (and I’m sure some people did) left me feeling vulnerable once again.… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Firing Proves System Works Jayne: Politics? Hyperbole? House bill gets caught in middle Krauthammer: Stronger guardrails needed to keep presidency on track Special counsel right step Estrich: Trump making Nixon look good Will: Feds’ reach creates tangled web for courts Letter: Big change needed in health care Letter: Support Orange for port Letter: Senior choir is invaluable Letter: Hold county officials accountable Editorial Cartoons, May 21-27 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Everybody Has a Story: Bowled over by chance encounter with The Beatles Abandoned properties pose problems for code enforcement, neighbors Volunteer Opportunities Spotlight on Youth Washougal opens new transportation facility Kids visit Nautilus, learn about engineering La Center receives $20,000 for athletic field work Ridgefield named one of nation’s top high schools Eagle Scouts Employees take day off work for fun Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Astronaut from Camas says give me my space Veteran of two NASA missions, Barratt aims for third trip to International Space Station Astronauts Anne McClain, left, and 1977 Camas High School graduate Mike Barratt in their liquid-cooled garments before suiting up for an underwater training session in NASA’s neutral buoyancy tank. McClain flew 216 combat missions in Iraq as a Kiowa Warrior helicopter pilot. (NASA) Astronaut and flight engineer Mike Barratt runs a test on a satellite beacon — the blue object floating in front of him — in the Destiny laboratory of the International Space Station in 2009. (NASA) Astronauts Anne McClain, left, and Mike Barratt train for a spacewalk in NASA’s neutral buoyancy tank, which simulates zero gravity. (NASA) An artist’s rendering of Earth. (NASA) With NASA since 1991, astronaut Mike Barratt spent 199 days in space in 2009. (NASA) By Tom Vogt, Columbian Science, Military & History Reporter Published: May 21, 2017, 6:06 AM A   A Man in Space • Expedition 19/20, March 26 to Oct. 11, 2009: Mike Barratt launched as flight engineer on Russia’s Soyuz TMA 14. Barratt performed two spacewalks during 199 days in space. • STS-133, Feb. 24 to March 9, 2011: Barratt served as mission specialist on STS-133, the 39th and final mission for space shuttle Discovery. He served as lead for rendezvous and station robotics during the 13-day flight. You’re gazing continuously at one object, yet the view never gets old. That’s one reason why Mike Barratt is hoping to return to space. He wants to see Earth from one of the best vantage points a person could have. “It’s the thing everybody wants to go back and repeat: looking out the window at our home planet. You never get tired of it,” said Barratt, who was aboard the International Space Station in 2009 and 2011. “I was able to do two spacewalks and would love to do more spacewalks,” he said. “That’s probably the holy grail.” The Camas native now is a deputy chief in NASA’s Astronaut Office, but he’s still an active astronaut. “They’re still keeping me current, and I’m flight eligible. I’m hoping to fly one more time,” said Barratt, who has spent 212 days in space. At 58, Barratt is not out of the picture. “Once you’re in, age isn’t what it used to be. We fly people into their early 60s, as long as they’re healthy and fit, and still flight eligible.” Flight eligible means regular training sessions flying T-38 jets, remaining fluent in Russian and staying current on space station operations. It also means spacewalk practice, which astronauts can do without leaving Houston. They train underwater, in the Johnson Space Center’s neutral buoyancy lab. Barratt went through a training session a few weeks ago with fellow astronaut Anne McClain. Their session was designed to help astronauts on the space station prepare for an actual spacewalk — “Working out the kinks for the crew,” the 1977 Camas High grad said. While it was a run-through, “It was about six hours of very intensive physical activity.” Barratt’s last taste of actual weightlessness came during a 13-day space station stint that ended on March 9, 2011. That also was the final flight for space shuttle Discovery, as NASA phased out its shuttle fleet. Not a bureaucrat In January 2012, Barratt was tapped for research management. “I worked with international partners, trying to synchronize NASA’s research portfolio with Russia and with the European Space Agency. I was overseas a lot, and at enterprises at four different NASA centers. I was not bred to be a research bureaucrat. I worked hard to find a successor,” Barratt said in a phone interview while back in the Northwest for a talk at the Museum of Flight in Seattle. Now he’s part of the program to develop the new vehicle that will carry astronauts to the space station, focusing on health issues. “Space medicine is the reason I came to NASA,” said Barratt, who is a physician and flight surgeon. The roster of players in the launch game has expanded recently. NASA has contracted with Boeing and SpaceX in what’s called the commercial crew transport program. The next destination hasn’t been determined, but a presidential signing two months ago was a good start. “What President Trump signed was the NASA Authorization Act of 2017, which we are happy about for many reasons,” Barratt said. “We haven’t had a true authorization act for seven years; these are usually annual but have been circumvented in past years by omnibus spending bills. We were nearly fully funded, which is very good for a federal agency these days. “And important to my community, this includes language on long-term surveillance for spaceflight-related astronaut health issues.” That measure (To Research, Evaluate, Assess, and Treat Astronauts) is known as the TREAT Act. We can’t really understand the complete effects of spaceflight on humans without looking long-term for effects of radiation, vision changes and loss of bone mass, Barratt said. News coverage of that authorization act noted that sending humans to Mars by the 2030s remains NASA’s long-term goal. Meanwhile, there are closer targets, such as the asteroids and a return to the moon — which is still mankind’s most distant perch for looking back at Earth. Higher ambitions “Gosh,” Barratt said. The moon-mission astronauts “are in their 80s and 90s, and we haven’t left low-Earth orbit” since Apollo 17 in 1972. “That’s just unbelievable to a lot of us. We’re way overdue to explore beyond low-Earth orbit,” Barratt said. It’s a goal that is “bipartisan in Congress and shared among all our international partners.” Even if Barratt doesn’t make the trip, he figures to be part of the team. “Even when I’m done with my space-flight career, I plan to stick around. As long as I can contribute: It could be another five or 10 or 20 years,” Barratt said. “I’m still having a lot of fun. “There is so much to be discovered. Astronauts probably are happiest when learning new things. There still are a lot of new things to learn.”   Tom Vogt Columbian Science, Military & History Reporter  360-735-4558  @col_history  Send an Email Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Commercial Avionics Systems Market Accounting for US$ $26 Billion, by 2022 Commercial Avionics Systems Market Report, published by Allied Market Research, states that the commercial avionics systems market was valued at $16 billion in 2014 and is projected to reach $26 billion by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 7.1% from 2016 to 2022. Portland, OR, May 21, 2017 –(PR.com)– Surge in the number of aircraft deliveries, increasing demand for real-time data, economic growth in emerging countries, and increasing demand for in-flight entertainment (IFE) services are expected to drive the growth of the global commercial avionics systems market. However, factors such as vulnerability to cyberattacks and high costs involved are expected to hamper the market growth during the forecast period. Growth of low cost carriers in emerging economies is expected to provide lucrative opportunities for the commercial avionics systems market growth. In 2015, the communication, navigation, & surveillance (CNS) sub-system accounted for the maximum revenue share among the sub-system types in the commercial avionics systems market. This is due to the increasing demand for real-time data in the aviation industry. In addition, the health monitoring systems are expected to witness the fastest growth over the forecast period. Among the types of aircraft, the wide-body aircraft dominated the global commercial avionics systems market in 2015. However, the narrow-body aircraft are expected to grow at the fastest pace over the forecast period. Read more at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/commercial-avionics-systems-market „North America dominates the global commercial avionics systems market pertaining to the advancements in technologies particularly in the CNS and the flight control systems, paired with the presence of major aircraft manufacturers including The Boeing Company, Bombardier Inc., and others. Further, the investments in technological enhancements such as better in-flight entertainment systems and glass cockpits supplement the regions dominant position.” The Asia-Pacific commercial avionics systems market is estimated to grow at the highest rate due to increasing requirements of aircraft from the aviation industry and increased government initiatives. Key Findings of the Commercial Avionics Systems Market: • The communication, navigation, and surveillance system is expected to exhibit a significant increase in the commercial avionics systems market growth. • In 2015, wide-body aircraft generated the highest revenue among other aircraft types. • Asia-Pacific is projected to exhibit a substantial growth during the forecast period. The key players profiled in the report include United Technologies Corporation, Thales Group, GE Aviation, Garmin Ltd., Rockwell Collins, Honeywell International Inc., L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc., Panasonic Avionics Corporation, Universal Avionics Systems Corporation, and Teledyne Technologies, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Elesa Breather Caps and Level Indicators Hit the Mark for Sarum Hydraulics Micropac Hand Pumps Next PostNext Apply Checksum Validation on Codabar Barocde & Enhanced GS1DataMatrix Generation Using Aspose.BarCode for Java 17.03.0 Search Recent Posts Coca-Cola 600 Tickets: CapitalCityTickets.com is Slashing Prices on NASCAR Tickets for the 2017 Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte Motor Speedway on May 28th Westinghouse Issues Lockout Notice to Boilermakers comScore Announces Official Worldwide Box Office Results for Weekend of May 21, 2017 Sunshine Oilsands Ltd.: Voluntary Announcement- Increase in Shareholding in the Company by Non-Executive Vice Chairman Book of Interventions – Scientifically Practical Techniques in dealing with Life Challenges Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Allied Market Research Press Release Receive press releases from Allied Market Research: By Email RSS Feeds: Commercial Avionics Systems Market Accounting for US$ $26 Billion, by 2022 Commercial Avionics Systems Market Report, published by Allied Market Research, states that the commercial avionics systems market was valued at $16 billion in 2014 and is projected to reach $26 billion by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 7.1% from 2016 to 2022. Portland, OR, May 21, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Surge in the number of aircraft deliveries, increasing demand for real-time data, economic growth in emerging countries, and increasing demand for in-flight entertainment (IFE) services are expected to drive the growth of the global commercial avionics systems market. However, factors such as vulnerability to cyberattacks and high costs involved are expected to hamper the market growth during the forecast period. Growth of low cost carriers in emerging economies is expected to provide lucrative opportunities for the commercial avionics systems market growth. In 2015, the communication, navigation, & surveillance (CNS) sub-system accounted for the maximum revenue share among the sub-system types in the commercial avionics systems market. This is due to the increasing demand for real-time data in the aviation industry. In addition, the health monitoring systems are expected to witness the fastest growth over the forecast period. Among the types of aircraft, the wide-body aircraft dominated the global commercial avionics systems market in 2015. However, the narrow-body aircraft are expected to grow at the fastest pace over the forecast period. Read more at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/commercial-avionics-systems-market "North America dominates the global commercial avionics systems market pertaining to the advancements in technologies particularly in the CNS and the flight control systems, paired with the presence of major aircraft manufacturers including The Boeing Company, Bombardier Inc., and others. Further, the investments in technological enhancements such as better in-flight entertainment systems and glass cockpits supplement the regions dominant position." The Asia-Pacific commercial avionics systems market is estimated to grow at the highest rate due to increasing requirements of aircraft from the aviation industry and increased government initiatives. Key Findings of the Commercial Avionics Systems Market: • The communication, navigation, and surveillance system is expected to exhibit a significant increase in the commercial avionics systems market growth. • In 2015, wide-body aircraft generated the highest revenue among other aircraft types. • Asia-Pacific is projected to exhibit a substantial growth during the forecast period. The key players profiled in the report include United Technologies Corporation, Thales Group, GE Aviation, Garmin Ltd., Rockwell Collins, Honeywell International Inc., L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc., Panasonic Avionics Corporation, Universal Avionics Systems Corporation, and Teledyne Technologies, Inc. Contact Information Allied Market Research Dhananjay Potle 503 894 6022 Contact http://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/ 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Toll Free: +1 (855) 711-1555 (U.S. & Canada) Fax: +1 (855) 550-5975 Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Allied Market Research Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today World Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World May 21 2017 Save Print Saudis want end to Obama policies and think Trump can give them a new America Michael Shear and Peter Baker facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Riyadh: With trumpets blaring, cannons booming and fighter jets streaking overhead trailed by red, white and blue contrails, US President Donald Trump arrived in the scorching heat of the Arabian desert Saturday hoping to realign the politics and diplomacy of the Middle East by forcefully reasserting US support for Sunni Muslim countries and Israel against Iran's Shiite-led government. The start of Trump's first trip abroad since becoming President - amid the scandals and chaos engulfing his administration - was intended to be a blunt rejection of president Barack Obama's vision for the region. Obama sought a reconciliation with Iran and negotiated a deal intended to keep Tehran from developing nuclear weapons. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next North Korea's missile threat Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:32 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:19 Trump in Saudi Arabia, while isolated at ... Trump in Saudi Arabia, while isolated at home President Donald Trump's fellow Republicans in Congress are showing signs of going their own way, both on politics and policy, in the wake of one of the most difficult weeks of any American presidency. Up Next North Korea's missile threat Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:32 Video duration 02:32 North Korea's missile threat North Korea's missile threat North Korea's program to develop a nuclear-armed Inter-Continental Ballistic Missile is accelerating. Up Next Australian dies climbing Everest Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:28 Video duration 01:28 Australian dies climbing Everest Australian dies climbing Everest Francesco Marchetti, 54, has died along with two other mountaineers in their bid to climb the highest peak in the world. Up Next Notre Dame graduates walk out of Pence speech Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:40 Video duration 01:40 Notre Dame graduates walk out of Pence ... Notre Dame graduates walk out of Pence speech Dozens of graduates walk out as US Vice President Mike Pence began his address at Notre Dame's commencement ceremony. Up Next A victory for Iranians demanding change Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:29 Video duration 01:29 A victory for Iranians demanding change A victory for Iranians demanding change Iranians elect incumbent President Rouhani for a second time, in a rejection of populism. Up Next US rules out Trans-Pacific Partnership return Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:08 Video duration 01:08 US rules out Trans-Pacific Partnership ... US rules out Trans-Pacific Partnership return As Japan, New Zealand and other members agreed to further talks on pressing ahead themselves. Up Next Justin Trudeau photobombs prom photo Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:32 Video duration 00:32 Justin Trudeau photobombs prom photo Justin Trudeau photobombs prom photo The Canadian Prime Minister was jogging in Vancouver when he happened upon a group of high school students posing for prom photos. Up Next Trump tells Middle East to 'drive out' Islamist extremists Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:57 Video duration 01:57 Trump tells Middle East to 'drive out' ... Trump tells Middle East to 'drive out' Islamist extremists US President Donald Trump calls on Arab leaders to do their fair share to 'drive out' terrorism from their countries. More videos Trump in Saudi Arabia, while isolated at home President Donald Trump's fellow Republicans in Congress are showing signs of going their own way, both on politics and policy, in the wake of one of the most difficult weeks of any American presidency. The day proved to be almost everything a besieged White House could have wanted.  The President stayed rigorously on script and restrained himself on Twitter. His staff boasted about the business deals being signed, and the visual images beamed to Americans back home showed a President seemingly in command of a world stage. The Saudis treated him like royalty, with red carpets, lavish meals and American flags flying everywhere. They repeatedly used the word "historic" to describe his visit, gave him a medal and projected a multi-storey image of his face on the side of the palatial Ritz-Carlton hotel where he was staying. Related Content Trump fans premature 'mission accomplished' on Islamic State and the Middle East Detained Saudi sisters defying rule of male guardians For Trump, the warm embrace by the Saudi monarchy was a welcome break from the cascade of bad news in Washington. Even as Air Force One took off from a Maryland air base Friday afternoon, headlines revealed new details about the swiftly expanding investigation into ties between Russia and Trump's advisers. But the President at least initially resisted the temptation to deviate from his diplomatic script to address reports that he had referred to James Comey, the former FBI director, as "a nut job" during meetings with Russian officials in the Oval Office. Advertisement At his news conference, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said he did not have "any information or knowledge" about an unnamed White House official reported by The Washington Post to be a person of interest to investigators in the Russia case. Trump announced a nearly $US110 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia as evidence of a renewed commitment to the security of the Persian Gulf region. The package includes precision weaponry that Obama had held up over concerns that it would be used to kill civilians in the war in neighbouring Yemen, as well as an anti-missile system. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Images of Donald Trump and King Salman and the flags of the United States and Saudi Arabia are projected onto the Ritz-Carlton in Riyadh. Photo: New York Times A forum bringing together US and Saudi corporate executives Saturday also produced a series of multibillion-dollar deals. Among them: Lockheed Martin signed a $US6 billion letter of intent to assemble 150 Black Hawk helicopters in Saudi Arabia, and General Electric announced projects it valued at $US15 billion. Critics said the last thing the region needed was more arms. "In the powder keg that is the Middle East, this sale may simply light a fuse that sends the region, and us, deeper down the rabbit hole of perpetual military conflict," Connecticut senator Chris Murphy wrote on HuffPost. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Lockheed Martin CEO Marillyn Hewson shakes hands with a Saudi dignitary. The defence firm signed a $US6 billion letter of intent to build 150 Black Hawk helicopters in the kingdom. Photo: AP In 2014, before becoming a candidate for the White House, Trump wrote on Twitter: "Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s. Pay up!" On Sunday, he is scheduled to deliver a speech that White House aides described as a call to Saudi Arabia and the rest of the Muslim world to unite against extremism. One senior White House official said the President hoped to "reset" both the global fight against Islamic terrorism and his own reputation for intolerance of Muslims, which was fuelled by his campaign call for a "total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States". SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link US President Donald Trump looks at an artwork that evokes a magnet and the Kaaba in Mecca, Islam's holiest site, before meeting with King Salman. Photo: AP Trump's royal hosts have chosen to ignore that history in the interests of working with a President who seems to share their goals and will not lecture them about repression of women or minority Shiites in Saudi Arabia, or its brutal conduct of the war in Yemen. "Traditional Arab allies welcome the US back because they believe it is largely on their terms: a US that is clearly anti-Iran and anti-political Islam, a US that de-emphasises political reform and human rights, a US that is in business mode and a White House that seems more accessible than in the past eight years," said Emile Hokayem, a senior fellow at the International Institute for Strategic Studies. But Hokayem said Arab leaders might be in for a surprise over the long run. "There is a lot of projection and wishfulness in the Gulf view of Trump's America," he said. "There is plenty of inflated expectations." New York Times Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as Saudis want end to Obama policies and think Trump can give them a new America. Advertisement Most Popular Australian climber Francesco Marchetti dies on Everest Trump mocked Obama for bowing to a Saudi king. And then he … Kim watched latest test through missile camera Iran Foreign Minister scorns Donald Trump after Saudi Arabia deals Eleven Asia-Pacific nations agree to salvage free trade deal Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Trump mocked Obama for bowing to a Saudi king. And then he … Australian climber Francesco Marchetti dies on Everest Eleven Asia-Pacific nations agree to salvage free trade deal China stifled US spying by killing CIA informants A certain kind of freedom WA Today 'Military object' forces North Cottesloe Beach closure Perth punter's $4.2 million win Accused drug mule 'worked as sex worker': Channel Nine Is striving for the confidence of mediocre men bad advice? Trump mocked Obama for bowing to a Saudi king. And then he … The Sydney Morning Herald Sainsbury risks same 60 Minutes fate as Corby Accused drug mule 'worked as sex worker': Channel Nine 'Twiggy' Forrest to make history with huge donation When Andrew reported mould he didn't expect to be evicted The luxury properties linked to the ATO scandal The Age 14 taken to hospital after truck slams into tram Accused drug mule 'worked as sex worker': Channel Nine Sainsbury risks same 60 Minutes fate as Corby First man on crash scene says truck driver not at fault 'Twiggy' Forrest to make history with huge donation Brisbane Times Rusting pipes and 'fast-moving clouds': How pioneering project became pile of scrap Teen dies after being hit by car and falling off railway bridge Teen car thief not able to sue driver over brain damage from crash Accused drug mule 'worked as sex worker': Channel Nine Slater misses out as Boyd gets fullback berth Canberra Times Sainsbury risks same 60 Minutes fate as Corby Why PrinceofZion was rejected as a baby name in the ACT Mobile speed camera revenue doubles in 12 months ME sufferer calls for research funding A school principal is assaulted once a fortnight in Canberra WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Personalise your weather Join today Login News Breaking News Local Victoria Law & Order Bolt Blog Opinion National World Weird Technology Photos Sport AFL Supercoach AFL AFLW Cricket Tennis NRL Football Rugby Racing Golf US Sports More Basketball Video Entertainment Confidential Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Awards Leigh Paatsch Business Breaking News Victoria Markets Economy Work Companies Terry McCrann Barefoot Investor Every Step Your Hip Pocket Lifestyle Eating Out Melbourne Travel Money Health Games Stellar Fashion Home Food Horoscopes Parenting RealEstate News Buying Renting Selling Investing Experts Development Prestige Property Video Entertainment Business Sport Video Lifestyle Travel News Video Tech Classifieds Tributes Tradies Cars Jobs Property Business Celebration Notices General Notices Place an Ad No Cookies To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose "App Settings" from the menu Turn on the option "Links Open Externally" (This will use the device's default browser) Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy > Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy Options > Under the Hood > Content Settings Check Allow local data to be set Uncheck Block third-party cookies from being set Uncheck Clear cookies Close all Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select 'accept cookies' from the safari menu. Select 'from visited' from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Also In News... Horror ride Passenger recalls truck collision with 58 tram in Royal Park Coward punches Boxing champion Danny Green urges judges to take harder stance against one-punch attacks Home invasion Brookfield home invasion: Car, phone, keys stolen Health warning Measles on Garuda Indonesia GA716 flight to Melbourne may have been exposed to passengers Time saver Work begins on Mordialloc Bypass linking Mornington Peninsula Fwy to Dingley Bypass 1930s fashion In 1935, Gwen Hollaway won The Sun News-Pictorial Frock Contest — now she’s turning 100 Airport delays Passengers facing delays at airports in Australia due to passport software failure Robbery claims Kids ambushed in Melton shopping centre robbery ROLLING UPDATES Truck collides with 58 tram in Royal Park Population booming Why Melbourne is in the grip of a mouse plague Pedestrian hit Pedestrian struck crossing Punt Rd, Windsor Cashing in Vocational training graduates get a job easier, paid more, than those with university degrees: research Family reunion Tradie saves newborn lambs after traumatic train line birth High-capacity rail Melbourne’s high-capacity train builder has worked with North Korea’s Kim Jong Un Exclusive Killer’s family want compensation after he fell unconscious, died in police cell Sponsored Links Newsletters Mobile iPad App Send Pics News Breaking News Local Victoria National World Opinion Photos Law & Order Technology News in Education Weird Weather The Australian news.com.au Herald Sun The Daily Telegraph The Courier-Mail The Advertiser NT News The Mercury Sport AFL NRL Rugby Union Horse Racing Cricket Football Motor Sport Golf Tennis Boxing/MMA Basketball Netball US Sports Fox Sports Punters.com.au Odds.com.au Sports TG Business Business Breaking News Markets Economy Work Small Business Companies Terry McCrann In The Black Your Hip Pocket Business Spectator Eureka Report Entertainment Confidential Celebrity Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Moshtix Foxtel Lifestyle Melbourne Realestate Travel Home Mag Money Health Food Sunday Style Fashion Parenting Relationships Horoscopes Sudoku Crossword Home Vogue Taste Kidspot Body + Soul Homelife Learning Seat Get Price GetCreditScore Hipages Find Your Local Herald Sun Follow Us Find us on Twitter RSS find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Privacy Policy Subscribe now Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy About Us Digital Print Edition Newsletter Subscription Contact Us Letter to the Editor For The Record Place an Ad Advertise with us Photo Sales Tributes Shop Careers Journalism Traineeships Work Experience Help Accessibility Site Map Code of Conduct Terms of Use Subscription Terms Group/Corporate Subscriptions Powered by WordPress VIP News Corp 2017 Copyright
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:02 GMT, May 22, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica 8 injured at LAX after passenger jet rams into truck on landing Published time: 21 May, 2017 01:15 Edited time: 21 May, 2017 10:16 Get short URL © Bennett Sell-Kline / YouTube A Boeing 737 packed with passengers rammed into a utility truck on the runway of the Los Angeles International Airport, causing the vehicle to roll over. Eight people on board the truck were injured in the mishap, two of them seriously. Off the plane, that was an interesting experience. Hope everyone is OK. #AM642#aeromexico#LAXpic.twitter.com/jwM65oLMgD— Bennett Sell-Kline (@bskphoto) 20 мая 2017 г. PHOTOS Aeromexico #AM642 Boeing 737-800 struck catering truck; flipped it. 6 people hurt, 1 critical. #LAX#LosAngeles 📷@JoeStudleypic.twitter.com/99Yn1IVTh8— Tom Podolec CTV News (@TomPodolec) 20 мая 2017 г. The bizarre collision took place on Saturday afternoon after an Aeromexico aircraft, flying from Mexico City with 146 passengers and crew, landed at the Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). The plane then started taxiing and accidently hit the truck with its right wing, tipping over the vehicle to the side. Los Angeles Fire Department (LAFD) said in a statement that the collision did not result in a fire or a fuel spill. The only damaged part of the plane is reportedly the wing with which it struck the car. Plane collides w/utility truck at #LAX injuring several workers in truck, so far no injuries reported on plane @FOXLA@flyLAXairport@LAFDpic.twitter.com/35wJWZHluD— Lisette_g (@lisetteg) 20 мая 2017 г. All eight people, six men and two women, who were inside the truck at the time of the collision, needed medical assistance. Two female passengers were impacted the most, receiving serious injuries, according to LAFD. @Aeromexico hits a truck after we landed and flipped it over.. pic.twitter.com/huC6ugxQgt— Ray Klostermann (@Rayklostermann) 20 мая 2017 г. An earlier report by the department indicated that at least one of the truck’s passengers was in critical condition. However, later LAFD revised the report, stating that all have been treated for non-life-threatening injuries. Meanwhile, no passengers or crew of the Boeing were harmed in the incident and some were even posting videos and photos on Twitter showing the flipped vehicle. Just landed at LAX, the wing of the plane hit a truck and flipped the truck over. People injured & we are stuck on the plane. #LAX#AM642— Bennett Sell-Kline (@bskphoto) 20 мая 2017 г. While the cause of the incident is subject to investigation, eyewitnesses report that the plane was taxiing faster than usual at the time of the collision. Scores of fire engines were called to the scene in its aftermath along with police and emergency services. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Local News Body found in Massachusetts woods believed to be missing Duke student Lifestyles Graduates walk out on Pence at Notre Dame commencement Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Rainy, stormy week to follow mild Sunday Sponsor Science US forecasters: Here comes another hotter than normal summer DUALDoppler5000 WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest is May 26-29 Get more info › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw WRALSportsFan My Fish Friday NC State NC State takes down Clemson in series opener Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Banner week for Brownlow's offseason Twitter Mailbag Triangle trio all have something to play for in final weekend of regular season Hugh Morton's golf outing endures Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business LL Bean's newest Bootmobile is kicking it in Japan Business At WEF, entrepreneurs seen as solution for Mideast troubles Sponsor Changing economy IBM confirms new layoffs as part of a talent 'remix' WRAL's 'State of Inequality' looks at economic differences across NC Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: 'Raise the age' funding Editorial: Budget amendment aimed to put black senators in their place Editorial: Senate's backward budget stifles innovation, new jobs You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Business IKEA announces plan to open Cary location Business What Twitter's privacy changes mean for you 5 On Your Side Internet-connected toys can expose children's privacy, identities 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Food 200,000 pounds of hot dogs recalled nationwide for containing metal Family Houston mother says a fidget spinner almost killed her daughter Sponsor Best of spring Day trips from Raleigh Find egg hunts, bunny visits Farmers Market guide Flu season Five new flu deaths reported in NC; season total now at 136 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Artists cover Durham in color and sound at Moogfest on Saturday Out and About Brewery Bhavana starts serving brunch Saturday Sponsor Summer festivals Headed to the Got to Be NC Festival with kids? Some tips Free, family-friendly fun awaits at Moogfest 11 spring festivals to check out in the Triangle Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Triangle Buddhists look forward to Dalai Lama’s visit Local News Resident: 'Neighborhood evolution' could be contributing to burglaries Live Video Schedule 4:30a WRAL Morning News Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Complete Coverage See the latest › 69° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Weather 69° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Published: 2017-05-22 01:22:34 Updated: 2017-05-22 01:25:12 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Business AP Source: Ford replaces CEO in push to transform business Posted 1:22 a.m. today Updated 1:25 a.m. today Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/188VP Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters 8 Images By DEE-ANN DURBIN, AP Auto Writer DETROIT — Ford Motor Co. is replacing CEO Mark Fields amid questions about its current performance and future strategy, according to a person familiar with the situation. CEO Mark Fields is retiring at age 56 after 28 years at the company, says this person, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the official announcement hasn't been made. Fields will be replaced by Jim Hackett, who joined Ford's board in 2013, the person says. Hackett has led Ford's mobility unit since last year. He is the former CEO of office furniture maker Steelcase. As CEO, Fields began Ford's transition from a traditional automaker into a "mobility" company, laying out plans to build autonomous vehicles and explore new services such as ride-hailing and car-sharing. Under Fields, Ford achieved a record pretax profit of $10.8 billion in 2015 after the company's new, aluminum-sided F-150 pickup went on sale. But there were rumblings that Fields wasn't focusing enough on Ford's core business, as popular products like the Fusion sedan grew dated and Ford lagged behind rivals in bringing long-range electric cars to the market. The stock price sagged, and electric car maker Tesla Inc. even passed the 114-year-old Ford in market value. Ford's stock price has fallen almost 40 percent in the three years since Fields became CEO. "Mark Fields was given the nearly impossible task of making the utterly conventional auto manufacturer, Ford Motor Company, into a high-tech information-style company with share values to match," said Jack Nerad, the editorial director for the car shopping site Kelley Blue Book. "Despite turning in credible profits, Fields was unable to turn Ford into a stock market darling, and that may well prove elusive going forward." Hackett is the former CEO of Steelcase Inc., one of the world's largest office furniture companies. He is credited with transforming that company, in part by predicting the shift away from cubicles and into open office plans. But he also cut thousands of jobs and moved furniture production from the U.S. to Mexico to stem massive losses at the company. Hackett also served as the interim athletic director at the University of Michigan from 2014 to 2016. In that role, he lured star football coach Jim Harbaugh. Hackett will have to placate investors worried about Ford's sliding U.S. market share and product decisions. Ford's U.S. sales are down this year in part because it doesn't have offerings in popular segments like subcompact SUVs and midsize pickups. Investors also worry that Ford is falling behind its rivals. GM's Chevrolet Bolt electric car, with 238 miles of range, went on sale last year; Ford is working on an electric SUV with 300 miles of range, but it's not due out until 2020. Mary Barra — who became GM's CEO about six months before Fields became Ford's — has also made a series of headline-grabbing moves, such as forming a partnership with the ride-hailing company Lyft and pulling GM out of unprofitable markets, including Europe, India and South Africa. Ford also made investments in new mobility companies and announced it would have a self-driving shuttle on the road by 2021, but its efforts haven't swayed investors. GM's shares are worth around $33, while Ford's languish below $11. Fields had the tough job of following CEO Alan Mulally, another auto industry outsider who was hired away from Boeing to lead Ford. Mulally, who joined Ford in 2006 when it was near bankruptcy, was widely credited with ending internal bickering at Ford and streamlining manufacturing. As part of the shake-up, several Ford executives are taking on new roles. Jim Farley, who led the company's European division back to profitability in recent years, will become vice president of global markets and will oversee Lincoln, sales and marketing. Joe Hinrichs, president of Ford's Americas division, will oversee global product development, manufacturing and quality. Marcy Klevorn, Ford's chief technical officer, will replace Hackett as the head of Ford Smart Mobility LLC, Ford's future mobility unit. Copyright 2017 by The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months The "as low as" rate is at 3.72% APR (30 yr.) Free Credit Score - No Card Required! Myrtle Beach Spring Specials - Save Now Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Artists cover Durham in color and sound at Moogfest on Saturday Out and About Experimenting with art, light, sound and technology at Moogfest National News Police: Denver man castrated transgender woman in apartment Political News Contradictions add up during Trump's Saudi visit Local News Man wanted for taking explicit photos of woman in Raleigh department store Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Soccer Press: I think Cary has the potential to become a mainstay for women's pro soccer WRAL TV Have You Seen This Video? Pippa Middleton's wedding Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: Parent like a German WRAL TV Monday at 6: Navigating the cancer journey Out and About WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest Out and About Artists cover Durham in color and sound at Moogfest on Saturday Out and About Experimenting with art, light, sound and technology at Moogfest Go Ask Mom Life and Science's Insectarium ranked among 10 best places to see bugs in U.S. Out and About Jessy Lanza, Animal Collective perform at Moogfest on Friday National News NOT REAL NEWS: A look at what didn't happen this week Fishing My Fish Friday 2017 Local News With no lessons, 10-year-old Granville County pianist dazzles with natural talent Health Team Research supports these 5 ways to make your kids smarter Strange News Thailand's chunky monkey on diet after gorging on junk food High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors News Time to change your email passwords again: 560 million logins have been hacked Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Contradictions add up during Trump's Saudi visit Lifestyles Graduates walk out on Pence at Notre Dame commencement Local News Body, car found in golf course pond at Southern Pines country club Local News Shooting at Durham complex causes flooding, displaces 6 Political News What will New Orleans do with the Confederate statues? SmartShopper Graduation day for my daughter SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend SmartShopper My Swagbucks Story SmartShopper Food Lion Deals 5/17: Chicken leg quarters, Voila, Pepsi SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Artists cover Durham in color and sound at Moogfest on Saturday Out and About Experimenting with art, light, sound and technology at Moogfest National News Police: Denver man castrated transgender woman in apartment Political News Contradictions add up during Trump's Saudi visit Local News Man wanted for taking explicit photos of woman in Raleigh department store Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Soccer Press: I think Cary has the potential to become a mainstay for women's pro soccer WRAL TV Have You Seen This Video? Pippa Middleton's wedding Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: Parent like a German WRAL TV Monday at 6: Navigating the cancer journey Out and About WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest Out and About Artists cover Durham in color and sound at Moogfest on Saturday Out and About Experimenting with art, light, sound and technology at Moogfest Go Ask Mom Life and Science's Insectarium ranked among 10 best places to see bugs in U.S. Out and About Jessy Lanza, Animal Collective perform at Moogfest on Friday National News NOT REAL NEWS: A look at what didn't happen this week Fishing My Fish Friday 2017 Local News With no lessons, 10-year-old Granville County pianist dazzles with natural talent Health Team Research supports these 5 ways to make your kids smarter Strange News Thailand's chunky monkey on diet after gorging on junk food High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors News Time to change your email passwords again: 560 million logins have been hacked Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Contradictions add up during Trump's Saudi visit Lifestyles Graduates walk out on Pence at Notre Dame commencement Local News Body, car found in golf course pond at Southern Pines country club Local News Shooting at Durham complex causes flooding, displaces 6 Political News What will New Orleans do with the Confederate statues? SmartShopper Graduation day for my daughter SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend SmartShopper My Swagbucks Story SmartShopper Food Lion Deals 5/17: Chicken leg quarters, Voila, Pepsi WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
﻿ Singapore Airlines profit dives despite traffic growth - TTG Asia - Leader in Hotel, Airlines, Tourism and Travel Trade News   Monday . May 22 . 2017 | HOME | ABOUT US | TTG TRAVEL AWARDS | MEDIA KITS | SUBSCRIBE           Daily News Archives Adam Tan Trade Calendar Blogs TTG Publications TTG ASIA this week TTG Asia ASEAN 50th Anniversary Special Supplement TTG Asia Luxury   Home > Daily News Archives Share | Singapore Airlines profit dives despite traffic growth Singapore, May 22, 2017   The Singapore Airlines Group (SIA) reported a S$58 million (US$41.7 million) or 8.5 per cent decline in operating profit to S$623 million in FY2016-17 compared with the previous year, with full-year profit felling by 55.2 per cent due in part to the S$138 million net loss in the fourth quarter.   Group revenue fell 2.4 per cent to S$14.9 billion and expenses down 2.1 per cent to S$14.3 billion, with passenger flown revenue declining S$382 million (-3.2 per cent) despite traffic growth (+2.6 per cent) as yields continued to come under intense pressure.     Operating profit for the parent carrier Singapore Airlines tumbled S$99 million (-20.4 per cent) after total revenue fell S$592 million, but its decrease was offset by gains made by other airlines in the group.   SilkAir’s operating performance improved S$10 million (+11 per cent), while Budget Aviation Holdings, comprising Scoot and Tigerair, reported an operating profit of S$67 million, a S$25 million improvement.   With two Airbus A350-900s added to its fleet in 1Q2017, Singapore Airlines expects to take delivery of 10 A350-900s and three A380-800s during the FY2017-18 and bring its total operating fleet of the carrier to 109 aircraft.   Meanwhile, the airline has signed a letter of intent with Boeing to purchase 20 777-9s and 19 787-10s, plus six options for each aircraft type. The 777-9s are due for delivery from FY2021-22 and the 787-10s for delivery from FY2020-21. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.   Most Popular >   Most Commented > 1. Los Angeles soars on new direct flights from Chengdu 2. Korean operators ride Muslim travel wave from SE Asia 3. Europe hot for emerging SE Asian markets 4. Wanted: more Singaporean tourists in the Philippines 5. Shangri-La Hotel, Singapore's Tower Wing reopens with new look 6. Still gaps to fit in Asia's travel distribution market 7. Lighting up with events 8. No threat from sharing economy 9. AirAsia links up Sihanoukville with Kuala Lumpur 10. New Pontianak connection a likely boon for Sarawak's medical tourism Most Popular >   Most Commented >     Editor's pick >     Eleventh hour bookings by Barathi Narayan No threat from sharing economy by Prudence Lui Lighting up with events by Manila: A city bypassed by Rosa Ocampo When dynamism meets heritage by Prudence Lui   ﻿ Take our poll   Best viewed with Internet Explorer 6 or above at 1024x768 resolution. About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Terms of Use Copyright TTG Asia Media Pte Ltd © 2017 >
