SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 2411 15 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Scientists say they may have new evidence in D.B. Cooper case A band of amateur scientists selected by the FBI to look for clues in the world’s most infamous skyjacking may have found new evidence in the 45-year-old case. Post to Facebook Scientists say they may have new evidence in D.B. Cooper case A band of amateur scientists selected by the FBI to look for clues in the world’s most infamous skyjacking may have found new evidence in the 45-year-old case.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2iuUlm3 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 276 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Scientists say they may have new evidence in D.B. Cooper case USA Today Network Chris Ingalls, KING-TV, Seattle Published 11:53 p.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 | Updated 11:54 p.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 This is a 1973 file photo of a drawing of D. B. Cooper who became a legend when he jumped out of a Northwest Airlines Boeing 727 with $200,000 in ransom money 25-years-ago between Seattle and Portland, Ore. Cooper hasn't been heard of since; however, some $5,880 of the loot was found along the Columbian River in 1980. (Photo: Associated Press) SEATTLE — A band of amateur scientists selected by the FBI to look for clues in the world’s most infamous skyjacking may have found new evidence in the 45-year-old case. They’re asking for the public’s help because of potential leads that could link the hijacker known as D.B. Cooper to the Puget Sound aerospace industry in the early 1970s. The scientific team has been analyzing particles removed from the clip-on tie left behind by Cooper after he hijacked a Northwest Orient passenger jet in November 1971. A powerful electron microscope found more than 100,000 particles on old the JCPenny tie, including cerium, strontium sulfide and pure titanium. “These are what they call rare earth elements. They’re used in very narrow fields, for very specific things,” said Tom Kaye, lead researcher for the group that calls itself Citizen Sleuths. USA TODAY FBI closes D.B. Cooper hijacking case Kaye said the elements were rarely used in 1971, during the time of Cooper’s daring leap with a parachute from the passenger jet. One place they were being used was for Boeing’s high-tech supersonic transport plane, which was being developed with government funding in the 1960s and 1970s. Kaye wonders if Cooper could have been a Boeing employee or a contractor who wore the tie to work. “The tie went with him into these manufacturing environments, for sure, so he was not one of the people running these (manufacturing machines). He was either an engineer or a manager in one of the plants,” Kaye said. Kaye says Boeing was developing cutting edge monitors, like radar screens, that used some of the elements found on the tie. Kaye says the public’s help is needed, particularly from old-timers with experience in the aerospace industry in the Pacific Northwest. USA TODAY How will 'Mad Men' end? The internet's 3 best theories The scientists would like to hear theories from the public on what those materials could have been used for. They hope the information can help build a profile of Cooper. “Someone may be able to look at those particles and say ‘Oh my gosh. I know what that means having those particles on the tie,” Kaye said. Tipsters can reach the group through the “contact” tab on the Citizen Sleuth website. On Thanksgiving Eve 1971, a man aboard a Portland to Seattle flight told the flight attendant he had a bomb in his suitcase. He demanded $200,000 and four parachutes, which the FBI delivered when the plane landed at Sea-Tac Airport in Seattle. When the plane was airborne again, headed south, the man who became known as D.B. Cooper jumped from the back staircase of the Boeing 727 with a parachute on his back into the frigid night sky and vanished. The FBI closed the case last year unsolved.   2411 CONNECTTWEET 15 LINKEDIN 276 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2iuUlm3 NEVER MISS OUT The Short List Let us bring the headlines to you every night. Stay current and catch up on the biggest stories of the day. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE The Short List NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, January 15, 2017, 8:59 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Business news in brief This article was published January 14, 2017 at 1:54 a.m. Comments aAFont Size BlackRock investors go for index funds NEW YORK -- BlackRock Inc., the world's largest asset manager, is hauling in investor cash at a record rate, but the money is moving into low-fee products which track indexes, pinching revenue. BlackRock managed to increase profits in the fourth quarter, though revenue barely grew. The firm was a prime beneficiary of a record year in exchange-traded funds. BlackRock attracted $140 billion to its iShares business last year, including $60 billion in fixed-income exchange-traded funds. Vanguard Group Inc., the second-biggest player in the exchange-traded funds business, gathered $93 billion. "In 2016, it is fair to say across all investor types there was a movement more toward passive strategies," Chief Executive Officer Laurence Fink said in an interview Friday after the earnings were released. "When I am able to increase margins and increase market share through price cuts I am going to do that. The key element is scale." BlackRock expanded its operating margin from a year earlier by keeping company costs down. The shares gained $1.06 to close Friday at $379.35. The company's fourth-quarter earnings of $5.14 a share exceeded estimates. Revenue rose 1 percent to $2.89 billion, falling short of analyst estimates of $2.93 billion. Lower performance fees and a stronger dollar contributed to the modest revenue growth. -- Bloomberg News Fireworks firm fined $200,000 for thefts NEW CASTLE, Pa. -- A Pennsylvania fireworks business used for many national events has been fined $200,000 by federal agents and ordered to close for two weeks after an employee stole fireworks. Family-owned Zambelli International Fireworks of New Castle blamed poor record-keeping on its failure to detect the theft. It has been ordered to improve its record-keeping. Zambelli said state police discovered the missing fireworks in 2014. Nobody has been charged. Zambelli was founded in 1893 and produces about 1,600 shows annually. Its fireworks have been used for presidential inaugurations, the National Mall Fourth of July celebration and state dinners. The company said none of its shows are scheduled during the two-week shutdown. The federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives won't comment because the investigation is continuing. -- The Associated Press Uber drivers in Russia quit over taxes MOSCOW -- Uber Technologies Inc. has asked its Russian drivers to temporarily bear the load of a new tax charge, causing some of them quit to avoid paperwork and tax filings. President Vladimir Putin signed a law in July to levy an 18 percent value-added tax on electronic goods and services provided by global Internet giants starting in 2017. Apple Inc., Alphabet Inc.'s Google, Microsoft Corp. and Netflix Inc. are registered with Russia's tax service, according to newspaper Vedomosti. Uber has passed these duties on to its drivers, requiring them to pay the tax on the company's service fee. Uber will later reimburse them these payments, it said in an emailed response to questions. The company will refrain from raising prices for passengers, it added. The move has caused some drivers to quit Uber, said Stanislav Shvagerus, head of lobby group Taxi 2018. Losing drivers is bad news for Uber, which has struggled to catch Yandex.Taxi, the market leader. "Most drivers only pay a unified annual tax linked to turnover," Shvagerus said. "Why should they start paying [value-added taxes] and become tax agents for a multinational firm? This requires weekly paperwork and also makes them subject to tax audit." -- Bloomberg News Indian airline, Boeing reach $22B deal CHICAGO -- Boeing Co. won a $22 billion deal from budget carrier SpiceJet Ltd., notching the plane-maker's largest-ever order from an Indian airline and strengthening its hold in a market dominated by Europe's Airbus Group SE. The order includes 100 of Boeing's 737 Max single-aisle jets and renegotiated terms for 55 previously ordered aircraft, SpiceJet said in a statement Friday. The airline also has options to purchase another 50 Boeing aircraft, including the 777 and 787 Dreamliner wide-bodies. The commitment, which was included in Boeing's 2016 order tally, comes as the Chicago-based plane manufacturer races to catch Airbus in narrow-body sales, the largest source of profit for the companies. The deal for the Max, which competes with Airbus's A320neo workhorse, also helps Boeing widen its footprint in the fast-growing South Asian market. Most of SpiceJet's low-cost rivals fly the European company's aircraft. "India is an important market both Airbus and Boeing can't ignore," said Shukor Yusof, founder of aviation consulting firm Endau Analytics. The SpiceJet order gives Boeing "a lifeline. There's a lot more to grow in India than other parts of Asia." -- Bloomberg News Developer calls for Gettysburg casino GETTYSBURG, Pa. -- A Pennsylvania businessman wants to build a harness racing track and casino near Gettysburg, the site of the 1863 battle that turned the tide of the American Civil War. David LeVan said Thursday he will apply for a harness racing license and a license to operate a casino with slots and table games. The proposed location on about 700 acres is just east of where U.S. 15 crosses the Maryland-Pennsylvania line. It's about 3 miles from the border of Gettysburg National Military Park. It's LeVan's third attempt to bring gambling to Gettysburg. He is a former Conrail Inc. chairman who owns a nearby Harley-Davidson motorcycle dealership. Previous proposals sharply divided the community, and opponents argued it was not appropriate for the historic region. -- The Associated Press Business on 01/14/2017 Print Headline: Business news in brief Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Profits at 2 big banks climb in '16 Renault's market value dives after emissions ... Bank earnings lead stocks higher Auto shows roll out concepts Business news in brief News in brief Takata pleads guilty, to pay $1 billion for h... Amazon sets plan to add 100,000 jobs EpiPen generic at CVS costs $110 More Business stories > Comments on: Business news in brief To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Faces of the uninsured (1 comment) DANA D. KELLEY: Profiles in cowardice (33 comments) Trump tweets scoff at icon of civil rights (25 comments) Jennifer Holliday backs out of Trump inauguration performance (29 comments) Women list many reasons for marching in D.C. (12 comments) Expectations for 2017 (17 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Trader Extra Don’t Fear the Tweeter While the initial hit might hurt, it’s just as likely to benefit intrepid investors. By Ben Levisohn Biography January 14, 2017 Donald J. Trump has made investing like a game of whack-a-mole, with stocks the rodents who may or may not get walloped. The good news: While the initial hit might hurt, it’s just as likely to benefit intrepid investors. What do I mean? We all know that Trump has expanded the so-called bully pulpit to Twitter. He has criticized individual companies for the high cost of their government-contracted products, as was the case when he blasted Boeing (BA) for the price of Air Force One. And he’s castigated others for making... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Stocks Could Post Single-Digit Gains in 2017 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our 2016 Stock Picks Beat the Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Dividend-Hike Heroes Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. At Last, Hope Triumphs Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Netflix or Hulu Plus? A guide to the best TV streaming services. Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Felix Zulauf: Geopolitical Tension Impacts Markets 2 Bill Priest: Stocks With Solid Earnings Potential 3 How to Get Free Travel With New Credit Cards Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 32° News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics Election Guide Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Stocks Warren Buffett Watch Inside Business Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Living Good News Momaha Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Sarpy News Bellevue Gretna Papillion / La Vista Ralston In The Game Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Omaha 32° Omaha, NE (68102) Today Periods of freezing rain. Tonight Cloudy with freezing rain expected...becoming light. Significant icing possible. Low 29F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of precip 90%. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 8:25 pm Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe ePaper Obits Boeing scores $22 billion commitment in market dominated by European rival Bloomberg News Jan 14, 2017 (…) Boeing won a $22 billion deal from an Indian budget carrier, pulling off a feat in a single-aisle market ruled by its European rival Airbus. SpiceJet plans to buy 155 planes, of which 55 were carried over from old orders after renegotiations, the airline based in Gurgaon near New Delhi said in a statement on Friday. It also has options for 50 more, including wide-body aircraft. The commitment, the largest ever for Boeing from an Indian airline, comes at a time when both the Chicago-based planemaker and Airbus are facing slowing sales and the highest level of delivery deferrals in at least 15 years following a decadelong shopping spree by jetliners. It will also help Boeing widen its footprint in the South Asian country, where most of SpiceJet’s low-cost rivals fly Airbus planes. “Outside of India, Boeing has been doing reasonably well in Asia, with the exception of China,” said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst with Fairfax, Virginia-based Teal Group. “Airbus has enjoyed a strong advantage in India, particularly since Airbus is strongest in single aisles, and the Indian market is heavily weighted towards single aisles.” Though Boeing sold fewer jets than it delivered last year as it navigated a market downturn, demand for the narrow-body planes such as the 737 Max remained strong. India needs 1,850 new aircraft worth $265 billion in 20 years, with single-aisle planes making up a bulk of the new deliveries, according to Boeing forecasts. Asia Pacific will need 15,130 new airplanes valued at $2.3 trillion in the next 20 years, as economic growth in the region boosts middle-class population. That’s 38 percent of the global estimate of 39,620 aircraft, according to Boeing’s outlook. Friday’s deal adds to the 348 jetliner sales garnered by the Chicago-based planemaker in India. SpiceJet and AirIndia Express are the only budget carriers to use Boeing aircraft in India, while IndiGo, Go Airlines India and the local unit of AirAsia all fly Airbus jets. SpiceJet shares jumped as much as 4.2 percent after the deal was announced. The order signals the company’s resurgence after almost collapsing more than two years ago. Tags Boeing Commerce Economics Aeronautics Airbus Deal Sales Spicejet Aircraft Plane Featured Businesses McMullen Ford 3401 South Expressway, Council Bluffs, IA 51501 712-366-0531 Coupons CFI Tire Service Glenwood 505 Nuckolls St, Glenwood, IA 51534 712-527-2757 Coupons Cornhusker Beverage & Bridal | Wedding Invitations | Omaha 8510 K St, Omaha, NE 68127 402-331-5404 Residence Inn by Marriott 106 S 15th St, Omaha, NE 68102 402-342-4770 Currently Open Trinity Episcopal Cathedral 109 N 18th St , Omaha, NE 68102 402-342-7010 Blooms & Bouquets 1111 N 13th St #422, Omaha, NE 68102 402-730-2640 Currently Open World-Herald 150 Stocks In case you missed it $2 million project will turn long-vacant building in north downtown Omaha into office space HBO film 'Becoming Warren Buffett' tells his story like never before Residents put up a fight, but Fremont OKs incentives for $275 million Costco plant Fresh Thyme will add two more stores in Omaha next month Review: AirPods as irritating as they are impressive Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Warren Watch: HBO documentary shows Warren Buffett imparting wisdom to Omaha high schoolers Warren Buffett will appear as an adviser on episode of 'Celebrity Apprentice' HBO film 'Becoming Warren Buffett' tells his story like never before Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion Obits ePaper Full site index Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join our Team
Sunday, January 15, 2017 Subscriber Services Homes Autos Jobs Classified Home The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts TV Listings Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help Business Home   Business Indian airline to purchase up to 205 Boeing planes         By The Associated Press Jan. 14, 2017   Today’s Business stories New sports talk station joins Eugene radio game Pay gap widest in history 5 best industries for entrepreneurs in 2017 In the age of Netflix, the nation’s social glue dissolving Business Beat More Business »   NEW DELHI — India’s low-cost airline Spicejet plans to buy up to 205 next-generation Boeing planes worth $22 billion in a major deal to expand its domestic and international operations. A joint statement by the two companies Friday said the planes booked at the end of 2016 include 100 new Boeing 737 MAX 8s, 42 MAXs, 13 additional 737 MAXs as well as purchase rights for 50 additional planes. SpiceJet is India’s fourth-largest airline by number of passengers carried with a market share of 12.9 percent. It flies more than 300 daily flights to 41 Indian and international destinations. “The Boeing 737 class of aircraft has been the backbone of our fleet since SpiceJet began (in 2005), with its high reliability, low operation economies and comfort,” said Ajay Singh, Spicejet chairman and managing director. Ray Conner, a top Boeing official, said the economics of the 737 MAXs would allow SpiceJet to profitably open new markets, expand connectively within India and beyond. India’s booming economy and growing middle class have helped to make it the world’s fastest-­growing air travel market. The number of passengers grew 20 percent last year, and airlines are announcing flights to new destinations in the country almost every week. More Business articles »     RG Daily Digest Get our top headlines delivered to your inbox.         Today’s Business stories Business New sports talk station joins Eugene radio game Washington Pay gap widest in history Business 5 best industries for entrepreneurs in 2017 Business Better bananas: Startup seeks fresher produce National In the age of Netflix, the nation’s social glue dissolving Business Business Beat Business Business datebook     Opinion Give & Take Guard’s having a birthday — and it’s a big one I’m excited about 2017 for many reasons, but here are two: June is the 150th anniversary of The Guard, the predecessor of The Register-­Guard. The Guard launched in June 1867 and published in various forms … The opioid trap A presidency of dignity We made it home in storm, but it wasn’t easy More Opinion » Lifestyles Profiles An artist at heart In expressing his creative side, Robert Cipes found his true self Robert “Bob” Cipes has played many different roles throughout his life: Ivy League student, playwright, federal prosecutor, author, professor, member of the Kennedy administration, the list goes on. Cipes had never imagined he would add … Grand oak is a true survivor Eugene author Eliot Treichel’s YA book, ‘A Series of Small Maneuvers,’ a finalist in Oregon Book Awards A first lady unlike any other More Lifestyles » Discovery Oregon Coast ‘Wow!’ after ‘wow!’ in Oregon Coast’s Boardman corridor Samuel H. Boardman State Scenic Corridor is a rugged, rocky wonderland between Gold Beach and Brookings It’s as if a Titan once scooped up all of the Oregon coastline’s most beautiful natural features to ship them across the sea, possibly for decorating some distant barren shore, only to have his giant … Lighthouse, heavy winds add to Cape Blanco’s awesome allure  Newberry monument is a volcanic wonderland in Bend’s backyard Bend museum showcases Oregon’s teeming high desert More Discovery »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Agri Business Logistics Macro Economy Policy We are evaluating many financing options for Boeing order: Ajay Singh Ashwini Phadnis comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet SpiceJet Chairman Ajay Singh addressing a press conference to announce the purchase of 205 airplanes from Boeing Company in New Delhi on Friday. -- PTI New Delhi, Jan 14:   A short while after placing an order for over 205 Boeing aircraft, Ajay Singh, promoter SpiceJet, and Dinesh Keskar, Senior Vice-President, Sales, Asia Pacific and India, Boeing, met the media to clarify the details of the contract. Edited excerpts How will the deal be financed? Dinesh Keskar: Commercial markets for financing are the most liquid today. People who are investing in aeroplanes are getting good returns on their investments. There are three types of financing --- Sales and Lease Back; then, where the bank loans money against an asset, which is the aircraft; and the third is what Ajay Singh talked about, EXIM financing. These three financing options are available in plenty. Of all the aeroplanes out there, the 737 and (Airbus) 320 type are the most liquid because there are thousands sold. So if for any reason you take one back for non-payment, it can be placed (with another vendor) very quickly. With the Boeing 777 and Airbus 350 and those kind of aircraft it is very difficult to take aircraft from one airline and move them to another airline. It is too expensive. That is why I do not see any issue in financing this deal. What about the pre-delivery payment? Generally it is 1-10 per cent, which will be anything from Rs 1,500 crore to Rs 15,000 crore, in this case. How will you raise that kind of funds? Ajay Singh: You will find out over a period of time. We are well equipped to pay whatever we need to pay by way of our commitment in this contract. Obviously, we have booked an order… whatever we have paid we have paid from our internal resources. I want to reiterate there will be no dilution of equity, there will be no raising of significant debt for the purpose of this particular order, at least for the next few years. We are in a very comfortable position. We see absolutely no challenge in terms of financing the aircraft. The task before us is to ensure that financing happens in the most cost-efficient manner possible. How much of the financing has been tied up for the aircraft that have been ordered? Ajay Singh: We have just started the process. We have several options for financing. We are evaluating those offers. The first deliveries are 18 months from now. We will find the best. Obviously, some advances have been paid by the company. Whatever is required under contract will be paid. What is the net worth of the company? Ajay Singh: The net worth has been negative. It has become far less negative than it was in the last two years. I think it is about negative by Rs 400 crore or so. What is the idea of low-cost long-haul flights? Ajay Singh: It is still in its infancy. We are focusing on the narrow-body. The narrow-body order -- the MAX aircraft in itself gives us a bigger range -- up to one more hour of flying. The four-hour flights can now be done for up to five hours. That opens up several new destinations for us to explore. In terms of wide-body there are models around the world where people have attempted low-cost long-haul and some are doing well. We believe that with a market as large as India where there is a large population and an increase in disposable incomes that is forecast for the coming years, the GDP is bound to grow so we feel that there is little reason why people will not want to travel to different parts of the world, provided those flights come at an affordable cost. If we can stimulate that market with lower fares, and that stimulation is only possible if you bring down costs on a unit basis. If we find there is a model that works for SpiceJet, we will certainly explore it. By when can we expect an outcome on the LCC long-haul? Ajay Singh: We are doing it. I do not want to put a time line. What did Boeing do to support you? Ajay Singh: In 2014, one of our largest partners was Boeing. Boeing took a lot of trouble to advise us on what we could do to keep the airline flying. They refunded some of the advances that we had paid for aircraft for a period of time. They helped us procure aircraft as we sought to grow. Boeing played the most important role in trying to assure lessors that SpiceJet would remain flying. Are the legacy issues behind you? Ajay Singh: I think we have pretty much cleaned up all the legacy issues. We inherited a lot of legacy stuff. Today we have zero bank debt, we have no dues to the Government, we have no dues to the leasing community…. We have pretty much paid off all our creditors. We have paid all taxes, all private airports, all Airports Authority and all banks. We have completely cleaned the slate as far as SpiceJet is concerned. We have zero debt other than the debt which is a consequence of putting the Bombardier on our books. (This article was published on January 14, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS SpiceJet places order for 205 Boeing aircraft worth Rs 1,50,000 cr TOPICS transport and logistics | airlines and aviation | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO Video: Enayam Port — A new voyage? more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED CBI case a ‘shock’; will hit Air India hard: Lohani We are evaluating many financing options for Boeing order: Ajay Singh E. Railway arranges EMU special trains for Ganga Sagar Mela 44 airports have scope to operate under regional link plan: FICCI ‘Air India is getting as aggressive as the private sector’ Charges for driving licence, other road transportation services hiked States to be ranked on the basis of logistics performance Navi Mumbai airport financial bidding date extended Columnists Chitra Narayanan C.P. Chandrasekhar and Jayati Ghosh Aarati Krishnan Gnanasekaar T C. Gopinath Mohan Murti Narendar Pani G. Parthasarathy Raghuvir Srinivasan Rasheeda Bhagat D. Sampathkumar R Srinivasan Thomas K Thomas Vidya Ram LATEST NEWS ‘No underhand dealing in KG gas field sale’ Need to relax 3% fiscal deficit target ‘Support system, business model vital for sporting success in India’ The needle has moved for Start-up India Jaitley urged to provide balm for demonetisation pains in Budget More » O P E N close Recent Article in Logistics Mangaluru port introduces car carrier service New Mangalore Port Trust (NMPT) has introduced car carrier service between Gujarat and Mangaluru.A press release by NMPT said her... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Mobile version Sign Up Login Home Lebanon Middle East World Business Sports Climate Change & Environment Entertainment Offbeat Culture Science Obituaries Technology Health Entrepreneurship Roundup En ع India's SpiceJet Buys Up to 205 Boeing Jets Worth $22bn إقرأ هذا الخبر بالعربية by Naharnet Newsdesk 13 January 2017, 13:38 Comment 0 Tweet Indian low-cost airline SpiceJet said Friday it would buy up to 205 Boeing planes worth $22 billion as it seeks to increase its share of the world's fastest-growing passenger aviation market. SpiceJet, which currently has just 49 planes, said the order would enable it to boost its domestic operations and potentially expand into long-haul international flights. India's aviation market is growing at double the pace of China's, as an emerging middle-class takes to the skies. "This is the largest deal for SpiceJet, it's one of the largest in Indian aviation and is the largest for Boeing in India," SpiceJet Chairman Ajay Singh told journalists as he announced the deal. "We are now in a very good position to expand our network and operations, which includes both domestic and international routes and destinations." The deal marks a major turnaround for SpiceJet, whose planes were briefly grounded in 2014 after suppliers refused to refuel them due to unpaid bills. It has a 13-percent share of the Indian market, behind rivals Indigo, Jet Airways and Air India. - Vast potential -The Indian market is seen as having vast untapped potential with fewer than 100 million of India's 1.2 billion citizens flying on domestic routes last year. Train travel remains slow and demand for low-cost flights has boomed in the past decade. The latest industry figures from the International Air Transport Association show India’s domestic air traffic grew 22.3 percent year-on-year in November, followed by Russia at 15.5 percent and China at 14.9 percent. But most of the country's airlines are still loss-making and laden with debt, while state carrier Air India has long relied on government support. Analysts say lower fuel prices and a rise in economic growth have boosted the sector, with domestic traffic up 21 percent last year. "The airline has done really well from being almost on the brink of closure to nearly seven quarters of profit," said industry analyst Kapil Kaul. "The new aircraft order is on expected lines and gives them long-term direction. A positive and long-term story is likely to emerge with this order." SpiceJet, the only Indian low-cost carrier with a Boeing fleet, said the first of the new planes would arrive in early 2018. It currently has just 49 aircraft, putting it well behind the market leader Indigo, India's only consistently profitable carrier, with 400.  Singh said the deal included 100 737 jets from Boeing's new Max family of aircraft, which he said would help reduce fuel costs by up to a fifth. It also includes the option to buy 50 wide-body aircrafts suitable for long-haul flights. The airline currently only flies short-haul international routes. SpiceJet put the value of the planes at $22 billion at list prices, although it will likely pay less as discounts for large orders are customary. The company's shares have more than tripled since December 2014. The deal is a boost for Boeing in India, where rival manufacturer Airbus has traditionally dominated. "India needs 1,850 planes worth $265 billion in the next 20 years," said Boeing India President Dinesh Keskar. "We do expect more orders out of India." SourceAgence France Presse Business Comments 0 Comment 
 Name* Email Web site Popular Most Read Most Commented Lebanon Mustaqbal 'Besieges' Rifi as Hariri Throws Support behind Mashnouq 15 January 2017, 10:15 Middle East Bahrain Executions Spark Violent Protests 15 January 2017, 09:21 Middle East Clashes in Wadi Barada near Damascus after Negotiator Killed 15 January 2017, 11:00 World Trump Unleashes Attack on U.S. Civil Rights Icon 15 January 2017, 08:58 Lebanon Hamadeh: Lebanon Now Practicing a More Independent Foreign Policy 15 January 2017, 09:21 Lebanon Mustaqbal 'Besieges' Rifi as Hariri Throws Support behind Mashnouq 15 January 2017, 10:15 Middle East Bahrain Executions Spark Violent Protests 15 January 2017, 09:21 Lebanon Hizbullah Condemns Bahrain's Execution of Three Shiites 15 January 2017, 16:01 Lebanon Protesters Rally in Airport as MEA Head Says He Sent Seagull 'Hunters' 15 January 2017, 19:53 Lebanon Qaouq Says Govt. a 'Failure' if 1960 Electoral Law Re-Endorsed 15 January 2017, 14:08 Comments Top Rated Latest Follow @Naharnet Naharnet © 2017 Privacy Policy Terms of service Contact us Advertising About Login Login using your Naharnet account Login Password remember me Don't have an account? Sign up, please. Forgot your password? Didn't receive confirmation instructions?
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 2411 15 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Scientists say they may have new evidence in D.B. Cooper case A band of amateur scientists selected by the FBI to look for clues in the world’s most infamous skyjacking may have found new evidence in the 45-year-old case. Post to Facebook Scientists say they may have new evidence in D.B. Cooper case A band of amateur scientists selected by the FBI to look for clues in the world’s most infamous skyjacking may have found new evidence in the 45-year-old case.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2iuUlm3 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 276 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Scientists say they may have new evidence in D.B. Cooper case USA Today Network Chris Ingalls, KING-TV, Seattle Published 11:53 p.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 | Updated 11:54 p.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 This is a 1973 file photo of a drawing of D. B. Cooper who became a legend when he jumped out of a Northwest Airlines Boeing 727 with $200,000 in ransom money 25-years-ago between Seattle and Portland, Ore. Cooper hasn't been heard of since; however, some $5,880 of the loot was found along the Columbian River in 1980. (Photo: Associated Press) SEATTLE — A band of amateur scientists selected by the FBI to look for clues in the world’s most infamous skyjacking may have found new evidence in the 45-year-old case. They’re asking for the public’s help because of potential leads that could link the hijacker known as D.B. Cooper to the Puget Sound aerospace industry in the early 1970s. The scientific team has been analyzing particles removed from the clip-on tie left behind by Cooper after he hijacked a Northwest Orient passenger jet in November 1971. A powerful electron microscope found more than 100,000 particles on old the JCPenny tie, including cerium, strontium sulfide and pure titanium. “These are what they call rare earth elements. They’re used in very narrow fields, for very specific things,” said Tom Kaye, lead researcher for the group that calls itself Citizen Sleuths. USA TODAY FBI closes D.B. Cooper hijacking case Kaye said the elements were rarely used in 1971, during the time of Cooper’s daring leap with a parachute from the passenger jet. One place they were being used was for Boeing’s high-tech supersonic transport plane, which was being developed with government funding in the 1960s and 1970s. Kaye wonders if Cooper could have been a Boeing employee or a contractor who wore the tie to work. “The tie went with him into these manufacturing environments, for sure, so he was not one of the people running these (manufacturing machines). He was either an engineer or a manager in one of the plants,” Kaye said. Kaye says Boeing was developing cutting edge monitors, like radar screens, that used some of the elements found on the tie. Kaye says the public’s help is needed, particularly from old-timers with experience in the aerospace industry in the Pacific Northwest. USA TODAY How will 'Mad Men' end? The internet's 3 best theories The scientists would like to hear theories from the public on what those materials could have been used for. They hope the information can help build a profile of Cooper. “Someone may be able to look at those particles and say ‘Oh my gosh. I know what that means having those particles on the tie,” Kaye said. Tipsters can reach the group through the “contact” tab on the Citizen Sleuth website. On Thanksgiving Eve 1971, a man aboard a Portland to Seattle flight told the flight attendant he had a bomb in his suitcase. He demanded $200,000 and four parachutes, which the FBI delivered when the plane landed at Sea-Tac Airport in Seattle. When the plane was airborne again, headed south, the man who became known as D.B. Cooper jumped from the back staircase of the Boeing 727 with a parachute on his back into the frigid night sky and vanished. The FBI closed the case last year unsolved.   2411 CONNECTTWEET 15 LINKEDIN 276 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2iuUlm3 NEVER MISS OUT The Short List Let us bring the headlines to you every night. Stay current and catch up on the biggest stories of the day. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE The Short List NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 2411 15 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Scientists say they may have new evidence in D.B. Cooper case A band of amateur scientists selected by the FBI to look for clues in the world’s most infamous skyjacking may have found new evidence in the 45-year-old case. Post to Facebook Scientists say they may have new evidence in D.B. Cooper case A band of amateur scientists selected by the FBI to look for clues in the world’s most infamous skyjacking may have found new evidence in the 45-year-old case.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2iuUlm3 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 276 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Scientists say they may have new evidence in D.B. Cooper case USA Today Network Chris Ingalls, KING-TV, Seattle Published 11:53 p.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 | Updated 11:54 p.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 This is a 1973 file photo of a drawing of D. B. Cooper who became a legend when he jumped out of a Northwest Airlines Boeing 727 with $200,000 in ransom money 25-years-ago between Seattle and Portland, Ore. Cooper hasn't been heard of since; however, some $5,880 of the loot was found along the Columbian River in 1980. (Photo: Associated Press) SEATTLE — A band of amateur scientists selected by the FBI to look for clues in the world’s most infamous skyjacking may have found new evidence in the 45-year-old case. They’re asking for the public’s help because of potential leads that could link the hijacker known as D.B. Cooper to the Puget Sound aerospace industry in the early 1970s. The scientific team has been analyzing particles removed from the clip-on tie left behind by Cooper after he hijacked a Northwest Orient passenger jet in November 1971. A powerful electron microscope found more than 100,000 particles on old the JCPenny tie, including cerium, strontium sulfide and pure titanium. “These are what they call rare earth elements. They’re used in very narrow fields, for very specific things,” said Tom Kaye, lead researcher for the group that calls itself Citizen Sleuths. USA TODAY FBI closes D.B. Cooper hijacking case Kaye said the elements were rarely used in 1971, during the time of Cooper’s daring leap with a parachute from the passenger jet. One place they were being used was for Boeing’s high-tech supersonic transport plane, which was being developed with government funding in the 1960s and 1970s. Kaye wonders if Cooper could have been a Boeing employee or a contractor who wore the tie to work. “The tie went with him into these manufacturing environments, for sure, so he was not one of the people running these (manufacturing machines). He was either an engineer or a manager in one of the plants,” Kaye said. Kaye says Boeing was developing cutting edge monitors, like radar screens, that used some of the elements found on the tie. Kaye says the public’s help is needed, particularly from old-timers with experience in the aerospace industry in the Pacific Northwest. USA TODAY How will 'Mad Men' end? The internet's 3 best theories The scientists would like to hear theories from the public on what those materials could have been used for. They hope the information can help build a profile of Cooper. “Someone may be able to look at those particles and say ‘Oh my gosh. I know what that means having those particles on the tie,” Kaye said. Tipsters can reach the group through the “contact” tab on the Citizen Sleuth website. On Thanksgiving Eve 1971, a man aboard a Portland to Seattle flight told the flight attendant he had a bomb in his suitcase. He demanded $200,000 and four parachutes, which the FBI delivered when the plane landed at Sea-Tac Airport in Seattle. When the plane was airborne again, headed south, the man who became known as D.B. Cooper jumped from the back staircase of the Boeing 727 with a parachute on his back into the frigid night sky and vanished. The FBI closed the case last year unsolved.   2411 CONNECTTWEET 15 LINKEDIN 276 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2iuUlm3 NEVER MISS OUT The Short List Let us bring the headlines to you every night. Stay current and catch up on the biggest stories of the day. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE The Short List NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
India's low-cost airline to buy up to 205 new Boeing planes - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS WBXH-TV Hourly Forecast Information Editorials Contact Us NEWS Health Anchors and Reporters Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Hand It On Crime Stoppers Links Mentioned Investigators Slideshows Power of 9 9News This Morning WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines SEC Coverage SFN Player of the Week Sportsline Friday Nite Pelicans Headlines Traffic Baton Rouge Area Traffic Incidents DOTD Road Closures and Traffic Cameras National Highway Traffic Safety Adminstration Investigators Baton Rouge: Interactive homicide map WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Community Stirrin It Up Recipes About Programming 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Contact 9 Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business India's low-cost airline to buy up to 205 new Boeing planes NEW DELHI (AP) - India's low-cost airline Spicejet plans to buy up to 205 next-generation Boeing planes worth $22 billion in a major deal to expand its domestic and international operations. A joint statement by the two companies Friday said the planes booked at the end of 2016 include 100 new Boeing 737 MAX 8s, 42 MAXs, 13 additional 737 MAXs as well as purchase rights for 50 additional planes. SpiceJet is India's fourth-largest airline by number of passengers carried with a market share of 12.9 percent. It flies more than 300 daily flights to 41 Indian and international destinations. "The Boeing 737 class of aircraft has been the backbone of our fleet since SpiceJet began (in 2005), with its high reliability, low operation economies and comfort," said Ajay Singh, Spicejet chairman and managing director. Ray Conner, a top Boeing official, said the economics of the 737 MAXs would allow SpiceJet to profitably open new markets, expand connectively within India and beyond. India's booming economy and growing middle class have helped to make it the world's fastest-growing air travel market. The number of passengers grew 20 percent last year, and airlines are announcing flights to new destinations in the country almost every week. Domestic air passengers are expected to jump from the current 70 million to 300 million by 2022, and to 500 million by 2027. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Man stabbed during party at university chancellor's home Man stabbed during party at university chancellor's home A man was stabbed during an early morning house party at the home of a Massachusetts university chancellor while he was out of town, police said.More >> A man was stabbed during an early morning house party at the home of a Massachusetts university chancellor while he was out of town, police said.More >> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:17 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:17 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:07 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:07 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real money More >> The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real moneyMore >> US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air Act More >> The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air ActMore >> Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom More >> President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of FreedomMore >> Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal government More >> The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal governmentMore >> Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the... More >> Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the...More >> Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been released More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been releasedMore >> Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare.  More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare. More >> Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nation More >> President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nationMore >> 'Yes we did' - Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speech 'Yes we did' - Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speech President Barack Obama bid farewell to the nation on Tuesday in an emotional speech that sought to comfort a country on edge over rapid economic changes, persistent security threats and the election of Donald Trump More >> President Barack Obama bid farewell to the nation on Tuesday in an emotional speech that sought to comfort a country on edge over rapid economic changes, persistent security threats and the election of Donald TrumpMore >> The Latest: Obama says citizens must protect way of life The Latest: Obama says citizens must protect way of life President Barack Obama says in his farewell address that protecting the nation's way of life is the job of citizens as well as the military More >> President Barack Obama says in his farewell address that protecting the nation's way of life is the job of citizens as well as the militaryMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Breaking News Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times Beijing will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues on Taiwan: China Daily CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia Israel, Palestinians warned against solo steps harmful to peace Trump vows 'insurance for everybody' in replacing Obamacare Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns Ice storm pelts central U.S., causing deadly road conditions Mon 16 Jan 2017 - 17 Rabi II 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Salim Al Shueili Home Head stories Local International Analysis Business Sports Features Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Entertainment Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor Books Lifestyle People Spotlight WILDLIFE Auto Videos Observer Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → SpiceJet eyes India expansion; to buy 100 Boeing planes SpiceJet eyes India expansion; to buy 100 Boeing planes Friday 13th, January 2017 / 21:13 Written by Oman Observer in Business NEW DELHI: Indian budget carrier SpiceJet said on Friday it had agreed to buy 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, as part of its expansion plans in the world’s fastest growing aviation market. The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the US company’s only major customer among the budget carriers now dominating the country’s air industry. “As part of this transaction they (Boeing) have not only been kind enough to give us good commercial terms but have worked hard to reduce the maintenance cost of the fleet going forward,” Ajay Singh, SpiceJet’s chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi. Asian airlines are driving much of the growth in big planemaker order books, and analysts expect India’s market to grow substantially over the next decade as millions fly for the first time each year. Indian airlines such as the biggest, InterGlobe Aviation’s IndiGo, as well as GoAir have collectively ordered hundreds of new planes from Airbus. SpiceJet said it had signed a deal for buying up to 205 planes from Boeing — worth up to $22 billion at list prices — but the announcement includes 55 jets already announced in a 2014 deal and the possible follow-on order of 50 more. A source said on Thursday that SpiceJet was set to announce an order for as many as 100 new planes. It was not immediately clear if the order adds to Boeing’s previously announced tally. However, the company previously posted an order for 100 737 MAX jets from an unidentified customer that counted as part of its 2016 tally. — Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Muscat port operator posts 25pc jump in 2016 revenues China’s exports fall for second year as US trade war fears mount → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent HM condolences to Saudi King HM issues 7 Royal Decrees ROHM marks inauguration by His Majesty Military football World Cup kicks off Read More ... Facebook Twitter 5 hours agoRT @Oman_biz: #Gazprom sees record high gas exports to non-# CIS countries /t.co/IVcthLHsIY @GazpromEN /t.co/NvLrnkxI4f 5 hours agoRT @observersportz: #BurkinaFaso fight back to hold #cameroon in Africa Cup of Nations /t.co/AarM4lkgNO @AfricaCup2017 /t.co/… 5 hours agoRT @observersportz: Suarez, Messi keep Barca on Madrid’s tail /t.co/8qBqjxWQMR @TeamMessi @realmadriden /t.co/vN9MVeHCM1 Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out05:59 GMT +316 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search US Defense Contractors Win $138Mln to Develop V-22 Osprey Aircraft for Japan © AP Photo/ Elaine Thompson Military & Intelligence 06:46 14.01.2017Get short URL 152922 The US-based Bell-Boeing Joint Project Office won a $138 million Navy engineering contract to develop and test the V-22 Osprey for Japan. © AFP 2016/ MARWAN NAAMANI US Resumes Osprey Aircraft Flights From Okinawa Base in JanuaryWASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The US-based Bell-Boeing Joint Project Office (JPO) won a $138 million Navy engineering contract to develop and test the V-22 Osprey tilt rotor aircraft for Japan, the Department of Defense said in a press release. “Bell-Boeing JPO, Amarillo, Texas, is being awarded $138,616,043… in support of the V-22 [Osprey] aircraft,” the release stated on Friday. The companies will provide engineering support to develop the aircraft for Japan, the Defense Department explained. Work on the contract is expected to be completed in December 2019 under the US foreign military sales program, the release added. Since 2007, the Osprey has had four crashes and a number of accidents. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 22 Related: US Marine Corp Armored Vehicles Too Heavy For Osprey Rotorcraft Pentagon Awards Rolls Royce $400Mln to Maintain V-22 Osprey Engines Resumption of US MV-22 Osprey Flights in Okinawa Sparks Local Officials' Protest Tags: V-22 Osprey aircraft, Bell Helicopter, Boeing, Japan, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply michael 08:48 14.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete I would hope that this shan't be a repeat of the F-104.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 05:50Japanese Ship Crew Caught Red-Handed Slaughtering Minke Whale 05:41Turkish Cargo Plane Crashes Near Bishkek 04:53Syria’s Tomorrow Hopes Astana Talks to Lead to Political Settlement of Crisis 04:31Chinese Museum Demands Return of Sculptures From US University Collection 03:56US Churches Prepare to Become Sanctuaries If Trump Keeps Deportation PromisesAll news Russian Post Sends Melania Trump Unusual Parcel 27854 Daesh Terrorists Destroy Myth of Germany's Indestructible Leopard 2 Tank 13917 The CIA Has Spoken: Fate of US Democracy in the Hands of Just One Russian Woman! 11730 US Navy’s ‘Night Hunter’ Drone Ship to Stalk Russian Subs 9304 Don't Even Try It: Crimea Protected by Russia's Newest Missile Defense System 7936All news 'Kosovo is Serbian,' New Train from Belgrade to North Kosovo Announces 86 Ottawa's New Foreign Minister is 'Catastrophe for Canadian-Russian Relations' 75 Russian Post Sends Melania Trump Unusual Parcel 73 The CIA Has Spoken: Fate of US Democracy in the Hands of Just One Russian Woman! 70 Canadian FM Freeland 'Will Be Talking to Herself' With Her Anti-Russia Policy 54All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Somewhere Over the Clouds: A View of Moscow From Above All TV Must Be RT Countries the US Bombed in 2016 News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Home India news Ajay Singh led SpiceJet to buy 205 Boeing jets, inks $22 bn order Ajay Singh led SpiceJet to buy 205 Boeing jets, inks $22 bn order Budget airline SpiceJet said on Friday it would buy up to 205 new aircraft from Boeing for $22 billion (Rs 1.5 lakh crore) in what will be one of the largest aviation deals By: FE Bureau | New Delhi | Updated: January 14, 2017 8:10 AM Taking wing: SpiceJet chairman Ajay Singh exchanges plane models with Boeing vice-chairman Raymond Conner at a press conference to annouce the deal in New Delhi on Friday. Budget airline SpiceJet said on Friday it would buy up to 205 new aircraft from Boeing for $22 billion (Rs 1.5 lakh crore) in what will be one of the largest aviation deals. The addition to SpiceJet’s fleet would help it grow market share from the current level of about 13%. The carrier plans to expand its fleet nearly fivefold to 155 aircraft by 2024 from 32 narrow-body planes it currently operates. SpiceJet has topped up its existing order for 55 Boeing 737-8 MAX aircraft placed in 2014 with an order for an additional 100 jets. It has also secured the purchase rights for 50 more jets along with wide-body aircraft. The conversion of purchase rights to acquisition would be contingent upon market conditions, SpiceJet officials said. Chairman and managing director Ajay Singh said the company will neither dilute its equity nor borrow to finance the deal. “Although the ‘sale and leaseback’ option is a standard practice we could also look at financing from Exim banks as interest rates across the world are low,” Singh added. Singh also said the transaction had built in an option to buy wide-body planes as the airline was mulling operating low-cost, long-haul flights. The model is currently being used by a few airlines including subsidiaries of Singapore Airlines and Air Asia. “The induction of the new aircraft, which burn 20% less fuel, would help SpiceJet reduce costs and enhance its ability to compete,” Singh said. He added the new aircraft would increase the range of flights by up to one hour, opening up many more destinations, including international ones. SpiceJet will receive the first aircraft in the third quarter of 2018, and the rest of the jets would be delivered at an average of 20 every year till 2024. “Acquiring 20 aircraft every year is a manageable task as India needs about 80 aircraft every year to cater to the passenger growth. We would also install a flight simulator to train more pilots for deployment,” Singh said. Currently, the budget carrier has 32 B737s and 17 Bombardier Q400s. According to Boeing’s estimates, India will need 1,850 new aircraft worth $265 billion by 2036 to meet demand for air travel. You may also like to watch this video The deal is also a boost to the American aircraft manufacturer Boeing as SpiceJet remains the only low-cost carrier to operate these aircraft. Other budget airlines like market leader IndiGo and GoAir have a fleet of Airbus planes. After being on the verge of going belly-up two years ago, the airline has been in the black for the past seven straight quarters. In the 2016 July-September quarter, the airline had posted its highest-ever quarterly profit of Rs 59 crore. However, due to depressed fuel cost, most airlines have made a profit during the same period. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Indian-American Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal to not attend Donald Trump's inauguration Fire breaks out at Presidency University in Kolkata Kotak rates Cipla as 'Buy', says firm reaffirmed capabilities in respiratory space Insurance commission set to spike from April; get ready for greater attention from agents Panel recommends reservation for girl students in IITs BJP Central Election Committee holds meeting to finalise candidates Delhi beat UP in inconsequential Pro Wrestling League tie David Guetta performs in Delhi, Mumbai on same day Five youths try to enter AAP MLA Asim Ahmed Khan's house, one held Election Commission to decide fate of 'cycle' on Monday We needed to tell the opposition that we believe we can win: Virat Kohli  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian golden shower saga - as gleeful Alec Baldwin insists 'Trump just hands it to us in a basket with a big bow' The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who's studied the subject for 20 years  Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex with other women Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the wealth of 3.6billion people Samsung finds faulty BATTERIES caused Galaxy Note 7s to burst into flames and prompted a massive recall that could cost the firm $19 BILLION EXCLUSIVE: Meghan Markle's half-brother 'is going through a pretty rough time' as he apologizes for getting arrested after putting gun to new girlfriend's head in drunken row Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  Connecticut politician who was arrested for grabbing a woman's groin insists the 'little pinch' was a 'playful gesture'  Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed:  Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by tragic author is found under concentration camp gas chamber and traced to girl born a month before her How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a vicious cop killer Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog in his car because she was unhappy in her marriage' Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk foods  Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those pesky plane rules revealed Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged 63 What do you think, Watson? Did Russia's state broadcaster LEAK the latest episode of BBC's Sherlock? More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at The Donald's inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on inauguration day Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling discredited Moscow hookers 'dirty dossier' a 'garbage document' Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day over 'scheduling issue' after spat with John Lewis   Previous Next Now Trump is nearing a deal to cut costs of troubled F-35 fighter jet - and its maker says more new U.S. jobs will result Lockheed Martin Corp is close to a deal to significantly lower the cost of its F-35 aircraft, CEO Marillyn Hewson said after meeting with Trump Troubled program has seen costs soar and Trump tweeted a threat to consider the F-18 Super Hornet as an alternative  Hewson said she planed to add 1,800 jobs in Fort Worth, Texas, and said the program would bring 'thousands and thousands' of supply chain jobs By Reuters Published: 13:42 EST, 13 January 2017 | Updated: 18:23 EST, 13 January 2017 e-mail 3 View comments Lockheed Martin Corp is close to a deal to significantly lower the cost of its F-35 aircraft, Chief Executive Officer Marillyn Hewson said on Friday after meeting with U.S. President-elect Donald Trump. 'I certainly share his views that we need to get the best capability to our men and women in uniform, and we have to get it at the lowest possible price,' Hewson said to reporters in Trump Tower. Hewson had previously assured Trump she would drive down the cost of the company's fighter jet, after he tweeted last month that he was asking rival aerospace company Boeing Co whether it could offer a cheaper alternative to the F-35, based on its existing F-18 Super Hornet. Trump has threatened and rebuked some of America's largest companies, creating a new business risk for those who have been or fear being targeted. Deal: Lockheed CEO Marillyn Hewson said after meeting with Trump: 'I certainly share his views that we need to get the best capability to our men and women in uniform.' Trump tweeted last month that he was asking rival aerospace company Boeing Co whether it could offer a cheaper alternative to the F-35 RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Comedian and host Steve Harvey to assist Trump to bring... Mad Dog Mattis is on his way to the Pentagon: Congress votes... Share this article Share Costs for Lockheed's F-35 program had escalated to an estimated $379 billion. The program accounted for 20 percent of the company's total revenue of $46.1 billion last year. Boeing's F-18, the plane Trump floated as a possible alternative, is an older generation aircraft that lacks the stealth capabilities of the F-35. Hewson also said Lockheed plans to increase jobs at its Fort Worth, Texas, facility by 1,800, which she said would add 'thousands and thousands of jobs' across the supply chain in 45 U.S. states. Lockheed shares were up 1 percent after her comments on Friday. HOW DOES IT COMPARE WITH ITS 1970S PREDECESSOR, THE F-16 JET?  F-35 Role:  Stealth multirole fighter First flight:  December 15, 2006 Unit cost (not including engine):  F-35A - $98million F-35B - $104million F-35C - $116million  Number built: 115 (as of November 2014)  Length: 15.67m Wingspan: 10.7m Height: 4.33m Max speed (F-35A): 1,930kph Armament:  One of the most highly-anticipated features of the F-35 armament is the Small Diameter Bomb II (SBD II).The bomb is able to guide towards its target using laser, imaging infrared or radar homing. It can hit moving or stationary targets in any weather, or at night, with unprecedented reliability and accuracy. The 'super weapon' is predicted to be the most versatile air-to-ground munition in the Pentagon's air combat inventory. The cost per SDB II is said to be around $250,000 and the US military plans on buying as many as 17,000 of them.  F-16 Role:  Multirole fighter  First flight: January 20, 1974 Unit cost: F-16A/B - $14.6million F-16C/D - $18.8million  Number built: 4,540+  Length: 15.06m Wingspan: 9.96m Height: 4.88m  Max speed (F-16C): 2,120kph Combat history:   The F-16 has served in the Air Forces of 26 nations, including the U.S., Israel, Egypt, the Netherlands, Denmark and Norway. During Operation Desert Storm, the 1991 assault on Iraq, F-16s flew over 13,000 operations, more than any other Coalition aircraft. The U.S. has employed the F-16 in operations over the Balkans, Afghanistan and Libya.   At its production peak in 1987, the F-16 team in Fort Worth was also making history, by producing 30 F-16s in just 30 days.  Thanks to frequent upgrades improving and incorporating new technologies into the cockpit, avionics, sensors and weapons, the aircraft has become more reliable over its 40 years. Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (3) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport on Sunday Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood She's usually seen in her beloved active wear 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga Sweet picture shows him relaxing at home Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape 'I am incredibly sorry for my actions': Meghan Markle's half-brother apologizes to his family for drunken incident that saw him put a gun to his girlfriend's head  Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  Enjoying reconciliation Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daughter Daisy is just three months old Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  Is making a comeback Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Wowed in Italy  'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Awkward! All three of Status Quo rocker Rick Parfitt's wives plan to say a last farewell at his funeral on Thursday  The star will be laid to rest on Thursday  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Star-studded showing at the ex-Spice Girl's party 'I'm a human vacuum cleaner!' Jessica Biel jokes she survives on son Silas's leftovers by 'shoveling the last few bites off his plate' It's all she gets! Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe Are Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi moving to Australia? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of a $5.8  mansion down under 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend True story about three black mathematicians  The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends Lawyer turned Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try and get the perfect beach shot  How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear  A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt     DON'T MISS Momager dearest: Pushy A-list mothers don't just want the best for their children - these 'mummy managers' want it all Victoria Beckham is one Dick Gautier best known for playing Hymie The Robot in the 1960s sitcom Get Smart dies at age 85 The actor passed away on Friday night  'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with Reese Witherspoon 'We talk about everything' A roofdeck with Empire State views and a Jacuzzi bathroom: Fox News anchor Shep Smith puts his $4.9m condo on the market for the second time Robin Thicke takes police to ex's home after son refuses to leave mom's side: Singer leaves empty handed after cops refuse to take child against his will 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check Looking fresh-faced President Obama says he and the First Family are ready to leave the 'bubble' of the White House and reveals Michelle has never liked the spotlight 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico 'Periods can be unpredictable!' Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer speaks out after paparazzi caught her with a blood stain on her white bikini Mohamed Hadid, 68, enjoys date night with glamorous fiancée Shiva Safai, 30... as ex-wife Yolanda steps out solo Yolanda is a real housewife 'In a Marilyn Monroe mood': Courtney Stodden channels her favorite Hollywood icon by sipping wine while posing in red bra and skirt Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip She also rode a dune buggy in the desert  He gets the cars and she gets the dogs! Johnny Depp and Amber Heard divide up their assets as their divorce is finalised  Court documents reveal Mario Lopez among the victims of California mudslide chaos: Backyard of star's $2m hillside mansion collapses onto the street below after record rainstorms  Billie Lourd vacations in Cabo with boyfriend Taylor Lautner... after deaths of mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Getting away from it all Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo Cute kitten! By George! Babywear duo celebrate $6m backing for US growth after Royal Prince steps out in robe and slippers When he met US President Obama Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen She'll play a secretary 'Now THAT'S a legend!': Tom Jones has his fellow judges on their feet and sends Twitter into a frenzy with his rendition of Great Balls of Fire on The Voice UK Proud dad David Beckham shares sweet photo of daughter Harper's ballet shoes on Instagram... after busy week at London Fashion Week Men's Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC Split! Zoey Deutch and boyfriend Avan Jogia end their relationship after five years together A source told the publication that the split was 'amicable'  Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Competition! 'The choice will always be them': Nicole Kidman, 49, reveals she opted out of Broadway stop of Photograph 51 to be with her daughters Opening up Hugh Bonneville's bottom line: I'll do a Downton Abbey film... but please take my name off the dog's behind!  Cute labrador 'I believe in democracy': Nicole Kidman hits out at critics who branded her a 'Trump supporter' after BBC interview Fans were shocked Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  No suit and tie for this rapper! Snoop Dogg, 45, keeps it casual in Adidas jacket as he hits LA hotspot Catch The 45-year-old rapper spent some time with one of his sons  'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX Having a laugh Heroic former New York Giants football player rescues elderly man trapped on a burning roof Ex-New York Giants linebacker Cole Farrand Californians prefer Narcos while Florida binges on Bloodline: Top Netflix shows viewed in each state are revealed - and most like watching shows filmed close to home 'So jet lagged I can't sleep': Kim Kardashian plays with Snapchat filters as she suffers from insomnia in Dubai The 36-year-old star is back on social media Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week Royal Wedding hotel The Goring celebrates record-breaking success as profits hit $2.5m The Middleton family stayed there before the Royal Wedding in 2011 Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want Gavin Rossdale Sliding down the banister and checking out the view: Jenna Bush Hager shares images of Sasha and Malia Obama's very first visit to the White House It's no yolk! Gwyneth Paltrow's website Goop is selling eccentric stone sex eggs which improve 'orgasms and muscle tone' Shared tips Jet-setting taking its toll? Make-up free Kendall Jenner displays blemished complexion as she touches down in NYC The 21-year-old model  Grocery run! Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani take her son Apollo shopping in Whole Foods in Beverly Hills Have been dating a year EXCLUSIVE: Padma Lakshmi and ex Adam Dell spotted together five years after custody test proved millionaire  was the father of Top Chef host's daughter  Honeymoon bliss? Newlyweds Margot Robbie and Tom Ackerley share romantic beachside snap from mystery holiday location Instagram snap She's a classic! Jennifer Lopez shows of her iconic bottom in tight leggings during shopping trip in Beverly Hills Rocked a sporty look That's my boy! Jennifer Hudson melts the hearts of viewers by bringing sweet son David onstage to help her judge in new episode of The Voice 'I signed the contract': Chase McNary found out he wasn't The Bachelor the day before Nick Viall was announced Didn't make the cut for the popular dating show No flashback necessary! 50-year-old Cindy Crawford looks stunning in a makeup-free selfie on Instagram At her Malibu home Fadi Fawaz looks downbeat as he grabs a coffee near lover George Michael's London home as it emerges he called his nephew after discovering the singer's body  Worth its weight in gold! Caitlyn Jenner treats herself to 24-carat facial... ahead of controversial appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration 'He was basically committing suicide': Lamar Odom admits his Nevada brothel bender was 'despicable'... after revealing he wants 'wife' Khloe back 'Saint' George Michael immortalised in mural by Sydney street artist behind infamous Kanye kissing Kanye painting The work of artist Scott Marsh Nick Jonas rocks a slick tailored look as he hits the FROW at Emporio Armani during Milan Men's Fashion Week A double-breasted suit  Taking the high road! Gerard Butler goes on hike with ex-girlfriend Morgan Brown...two months after it was claimed they called it quits Coordinated couple! Kylie Jenner and Tyga lounge about in black hoodies in Beverly Hills Lounging about against a planter in the middle of the pavement His Dreamgirl! Eddie Murphy, 55, and girlfriend Paige Butcher, 37, go on coffee run hand in hand in Studio City Pair looked content  Jaden Smith gets creative with his camera on the streets of NYC... before confessing his fear of telling father Will he has 'failed' in social media meltdown Bella Hadid puts on a brave face as she steps out in New York amid claims she feels 'betrayed by pal Selena Gomez dating her ex The Weeknd' Mariah Carey, 46, showcases her toned pins in skintight leggings as she enjoys dinner with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka, 33, and children in London Ryan Gosling keeps things casually cool in a biker jacket and sunglasses as he touches down in LA after glitzy La La Land screening in London Make-up free Alicia Keys rocks double denim and funky patterned trousers as she touches down in LA The soulful singer cut a stylish figure 'It will sell out in minutes': Fifty Shades franchise to be turned into a MUSICAL after author E.L. James 'embarks on secret talks with theatre bosses' Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  'I rue the day I had that thought': Woody Harrelson admits nerves ahead of his upcoming LIVE movie Lost In London co-starring Owen Wilson Helena Bonham Carter flaunts her eclectic style as she wraps up in dolly coat while enjoying a sandwich in New York The 50-year-old actress displayed her kooky style 'Well that backfired!': CBB bosses face furious backlash from fans as Austin Armacost's awkward SHOCK eviction leaves viewers puzzled Rupert Grint joins Bryan Cranston at Crackle press conference as the Harry Potter star promotes new TV series in the UK Hogwarts alum 'Ready to partyyyyyy!' Sofia Vergara posts festive Instagram photos from belated 40th birthday party for husband Joe Manganiello What!? Kim Kardashian's jaw drops after she incorrectly guesses carat weight of her gorgeous diamond engagement ring Impressive knowledge Arriving in style! Gigi Hadid wears all black outfit topped with orange knit hat for evening flight to New York Hid behind her outfit  'We didn't kiss for a very long time': Jessica Biel reveals she took things slow with husband Justin Timberlake at start of their romance 'I was sort of caught off guard': Nick Viall admits he felt 'a little uncomfortable' by topless Corinne Olympios on The Bachelor Saint West screams with horror as he meets Santa Claus while concerned big sister North looks on Trip to Father Christmas didn't go as planned  Birthday in paradise! Kristin Cavallari celebrates turning 30th in Mexico wearing bikini by Audrina Patridge Showed off her toned tummy on the milestone 'Your siblings are worth a thousand friends': Yolanda Hadid shares sweet snap of her three children Gigi, Bella, and Anwar Hadid Adorable trio Blonde moment! Kylie Jenner flaunts her cleavage in tiny negligee while teasing secret new project Showed off her curves in dark photos  Kat Graham is leggy and lovely in velvet at the swanky opening of New York City's BUILD Studio The Switzerland-born stunner wore an eccentric outfit   Johnny Depp sues 'fraudulent' business managers for $25MILLION after he was forced to sell his French village to settle his debts  Top of the crops! Jessica Hart showcases her toned midriff and arms as she flashes the flesh at the GEM Awards Showed off some skin She's certainly not shy! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray poses NAKED in sultry selfie... six months after skinny dip with the pop star 'It's like going to rehab!' Chris Harrison reveals The Bachelor secrets... and what he really thinks of Nick Viall Has hosted Bachelor Nation for 14 years  Right at home! Teresa Giudice, 44, showcases slender physique in clingy beaded jumpsuit during photo shoot in her house  Sparkled for a shoot Cheap eats! Denise Richards, 45, looks effortlessly stunning and shows her thrifty side as she grabs a budget sandwich with daughter Sam 'Mad love for this one': Britney Spears tweets steamy shirtless photo of rumoured boyfriend Sam Asghari Sent fans crazy with snap of alleged flame  Bombshell in black! Lady Gaga bares her midriff in skimpy crop top as she heads to Starbucks with a friend Went for an out-of-character casual look  Pretty Little Liars star Lucy Hale and her boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta share a laugh as they stock up on groceries together in Los Angeles  How Emma Stone plotted her path to Hollywood to combat crippling anxiety: An inspiring story with uncanny echoes of her story behind La La Land  Today's headlines Most Read College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS... 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian... The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who’s studied the... Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and... Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex... Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the... Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his... EXCLUSIVE: Meghan Markle's half-brother 'is going through a pretty rough time' as he apologizes after... Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens... 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is... Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole... Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by... How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a... Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog... Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk... Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those... Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged... Did Russia's state broadcaster leak the latest episode of Sherlock? BBC launches investigation after... More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent... Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on... Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling... Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day after... Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant... Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's... REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California... 'Trump's election has led to a deep sense of uncertainty': Incoming president 'casts a shadow' over Davos... ‘I’ll make Brexit a great thing’: Trump promises Britain a quick and fair trade deal with America but... Thousands across the country march in support of Obamacare as Republicans come weeks away from repealing it Reince Preibus warns ethics chief to 'be careful' after he accused Donald Trump of risking a conflict of... MORE HEADLINES 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for 'pathetic' video which shows them singing 'I Will Survive' about Trump's inauguration US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making him the TWELFTH GI from the Texas base to die in the last two months as investigators probe bizarre cluster of suicides, accidents and fatal fights at the base Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as a baby as she weeps and tells abductor 'mom' who raised her that she loves her in court Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for first time since she was snatched at birth from hospital 18 years ago by woman who she grew up with and called 'mom' Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration dress rehearsal - but will Hillary and Bill look so delighted to be there on the day? 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying £8.5million Paris robbery Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on hijacker's necktie reveals super-rare particles used by plane manufacturer in thrilling discovery that could reopen one of America's most mystifying cases Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father: Prince, 34, to end career as a helicopter pilot but he will not fulfill as many duties as Prince Charles, 68, because he doesn't want to 'elbow him out of the way' 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over discredited Russian hotel sex claims with a stream of bathroom jokes as SNL returns with a splash!  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent row during late night drinking session at his flat' Healthy and devoted father, 48, dies suddenly from meningitis - as his SoulCycle class of 200 are warned they too are now at risk of catching the killer infection  When pimple popping goes wrong: Disgusting moment puss coats a cell phone camera filming the moment a man squeezes a cyst  Moment a furious wife kick boxes her husband's mistress in the head NINE times after discovering their affair Man 'catches married female dance teacher, 38, having sex with his 15-year-old stepdaughter' Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to anti-depressants and COCA-COLA Mother started having sex with her son, 12, when he came into her bed because he was sick - and made him feel 'important and special' as he was hitting puberty Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest  How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' The spy who believes Hitler may have faked his own death: Classified documents reveal that the Fuhrer may have used a secret runway to escape his Berlin bunker flee to South America in a Luftwaffe plane 'This is my vehicle, sir': Shocking moment black Northwestern University PhD student is beaten and cuffed when cops refuse to believe he owns the Chevy he's driving  Russian model sues married millionaire 'sugar daddy' claiming he kicked her out of his Manhattan pad and swiped her $8k Rolex after she stopped having sex with him 2017's luckiest man: Casino punter shows off in front of his friends by betting $35,000 on a single roulette spin - and winning $3.5M when his number comes in More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help  Gang of six teen girls punched woman, 28, in the face for shaking her head because they were arguing with an elderly passenger on the subway MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Boeing Company (The) (BA) Forecasted to Post FY2019 Earnings of $10.75 Per Share January 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) – Investment analysts at Jefferies Group lifted their FY2019 EPS estimates for shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report issued on Thursday. Jefferies Group analyst H. Rubel now anticipates that the brokerage will post earnings of $10.75 per share for the year, up from their previous estimate of $10.65. Jefferies Group has a “Buy” rating and a $165.00 price target on the stock. Jefferies Group also issued estimates for Boeing Company (The)’s FY2020 earnings at $11.35 EPS. Several other research analysts also recently commented on the company. Sanford C. Bernstein reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $91.00 price objective on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Boeing Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, October 3rd. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) set a $109.00 price objective on Boeing Company (The) and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research note on Thursday, October 27th. Vetr downgraded Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $150.88 price objective for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. Finally, Societe Generale set a $148.00 target price on Boeing Company (The) and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, October 28th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and sixteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $147.51. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Boeing Company (The) (BA) Forecasted to Post FY2019 Earnings of $10.75 Per Share” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/13/boeing-company-the-ba-forecasted-to-post-fy2019-earnings-of-10-75-per-share.html. Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded up 0.34% on Friday, hitting $158.83. 2,435,334 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $98.02 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.27 and a beta of 1.05. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $155.53 and its 200-day moving average price is $139.59. Boeing Company has a 52-week low of $102.10 and a 52-week high of $160.07. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, October 26th. The aircraft producer reported $3.51 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.62 by $0.89. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 4.52% and a return on equity of 126.01%. The business earned $23.90 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.73 billion. During the same period last year, the firm posted $2.52 EPS. The company’s revenue was down 7.5% on a year-over-year basis. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC acquired a new stake in Boeing Company (The) during the third quarter worth $102,000. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 124.9% in the third quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 830 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 461 shares during the period. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 325.0% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 850 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $111,000 after buying an additional 650 shares during the period. MV Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 0.7% in the third quarter. MV Capital Management Inc. now owns 919 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $121,000 after buying an additional 6 shares during the period. Finally, Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 23.7% in the second quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 940 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $122,000 after buying an additional 180 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 72.77% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Boeing Company (The) (BA) Forecasted to Post FY2019 Earnings of $10.75 Per Share” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/13/boeing-company-the-ba-forecasted-to-post-fy2019-earnings-of-10-75-per-share.html. In related news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 200,754 shares of Boeing Company (The) stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, October 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $142.46, for a total value of $28,599,414.84. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. 0.58% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Investors of record on Friday, February 10th will be paid a $1.42 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. This is an increase from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.58%. Boeing Company (The)’s payout ratio is 66.36%. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Lifestyle Astro Guide Culture Faith Fashion Food Health Young Life Community News Global South Asia Local National Columnists Health Legal Video Photo Gallery Events Community Events Contact About Us Contact form Subscribe Submit News and Pictures Classifieds – Main Browse Ads Edit Classified Book Classified Advertise Turkey says US will be invited to fresh Syria talks Obama ‘screwed’ us, say angry Cuban migrants on their trek to US 2016 Brays Oaks Volunteer Appreciation Breakfast Art museum kicks off 2017 with award gala Home » News » South Asia » India’s SpiceJet buys up to 205 Boeing jets worth $22bn India’s SpiceJet buys up to 205 Boeing jets worth $22bn Indian low-cost airline SpiceJet said Friday it would buy up to 205 Boeing planes worth $22 billion as it seeks to increase its share of the world’s fastest-growing passenger aviation market. SpiceJet, which currently has just 49 planes, said the order would enable it to boost its domestic operations and potentially expand into long-haul international flights. India’s aviation market is growing at double the pace of China’s, as an emerging middle-class takes to the skies. “This is the largest deal for SpiceJet, it’s one of the largest in Indian aviation and is the largest for Boeing in India,” SpiceJet Chairman Ajay Singh told journalists as he announced the deal. “We are now in a very good position to expand our network and operations, which includes both domestic and international routes and destinations.” The deal marks a major turnaround for SpiceJet, whose planes were briefly grounded in 2014 after suppliers refused to refuel them due to unpaid bills. It has a 13-percent share of the Indian market, behind rivals Indigo, Jet Airways and Air India. – Vast potential – The Indian market is seen as having vast untapped potential with fewer than 100 million of India’s 1.2 billion citizens flying on domestic routes last year. Train travel remains slow and demand for low-cost flights has boomed in the past decade. The latest industry figures from the International Air Transport Association show India’s domestic air traffic grew 22.3 percent year-on-year in November, followed by Russia at 15.5 percent and China at 14.9 percent. But most of the country’s airlines are still loss-making and laden with debt, while state carrier Air India has long relied on government support. Analysts say lower fuel prices and a rise in economic growth have boosted the sector, with domestic traffic up 21 percent last year. “The airline has done really well from being almost on the brink of closure to nearly seven quarters of profit,” said industry analyst Kapil Kaul. “The new aircraft order is on expected lines and gives them long-term direction. A positive and long-term story is likely to emerge with this order.” SpiceJet, the only Indian low-cost carrier with a Boeing fleet, said the first of the new planes would arrive in early 2018. It currently has just 49 aircraft, putting it well behind the market leader Indigo, India’s only consistently profitable carrier, with 400. Singh said the deal included 100 737 jets from Boeing’s new Max family of aircraft, which he said would help reduce fuel costs by up to a fifth. It also includes the option to buy 50 wide-body aircrafts suitable for long-haul flights. The airline currently only flies short-haul international routes. SpiceJet put the value of the planes at $22 billion at list prices, although it will likely pay less as discounts for large orders are customary. The company’s shares have more than tripled since December 2014. The deal is a boost for Boeing in India, where rival manufacturer Airbus has traditionally dominated. “India needs 1,850 planes worth $265 billion in the next 20 years,” said Boeing India President Dinesh Keskar. “We do expect more orders out of India.” Air India Ajay Singh Boeing planes International Air Transport Association SpiceJet Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Latest News and Stories India’s SpiceJet buys up to 205 Boeing jets worth $22bn Nepal fails to deliver relief to quake survivors Turkey says US will be invited to fresh Syria talks Voice of Asia Promo Video Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 June 2015 December 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 June 2012 May 2012 February 2002 © All right reserved - Voice of Asia Online by Grenix
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > India’s SpiceJet orders 100 more aircraft from Boeing India’s SpiceJet orders 100 more aircraft from Boeing Duration: 00:35s - Published: 2 days ago< > Embed Indian budget airline SpiceJet says it has ordered an additional 100 planes from Boeing, with an option for 50 more. The aircraft are Boeing’s new MAX 737. The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the US company’s only major customer among the low-cost airlines that now dominate the country’s air industry. Asia, especially India, is a key market for planemakers. Analysts expect passenger numbers to more than triple in Indian over the next 20 years as millions more people become wealthy enough to fly for the first time. Enhanced ability SpiceJet said altogether it has signed a deal to acquire up to 205 planes from Boeing, worth up to $22 billion at list prices, but that total includes 55 jets already announced in a 2014 deal and the possible follow-on order of 50 more. “This is an extremely competitive market,” Ajay Singh, SpiceJet’s chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi. “What this aircraft order does is enhance our ability to be competitive in the future as it helps us reduce costs,” said Singh, whose airline has about 13 percent of the Indian passenger market, while market leader IndiGo has 40 percent. SpiceJet, which was briefly forced to ground its fleet in late 2014 when it ran out of cash, is the fourth-largest Indian airline behind InterGlobe Aviation’s IndiGo, Jet Airways and state-run Air India. SpiceJet’s journey from nearly broke to today’s $22 billion Boeing deal https://t.co/PDkCMn3ifM pic.twitter.com/hIyLp6sSAK— NDTV (@ndtv) January 13, 2017 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Recent related news India's SpiceJet orders 100 more aircraft from BoeingIndian budget airline SpiceJet says it has ordered an additional 100 MAX 737 planes from Boeing, with... euronews 2 days ago - Front PageAlso reported by •Rediff.com India's SpiceJet agrees to buy up to 205 Boeing jets, worth $22 billionNEW DELHI (Reuters) - India's SpiceJet said on Friday it had agreed to buy up to 205 jets from Boeing... Reuters 3 days ago - BusinessAlso reported by •VOA News Boeing's Ray Conner played big role in billion-dollar sale to India's SpiceJet (Video)Indian budget airline SpiceJet unveiled details of an agreement with Boeing that includes 100 new... bizjournals 2 days ago - Business Boeing snags huge 737 Max order from India's SpiceJetBoeing has won a massive deal to sell its new 737 jet into the rapidly growing Indian market. CNNMoney 3 days ago - Business You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama Angela Merkel José Mourinho Roddy Piper Current Topics Obamacare Refugee Policy Eddie Long Anne Frank Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Robot Rights? EU To Discuss Artificial Intelligence Laws Nintendo Switch Line-Up Confirmed: Big Franchises Return For New Console In 2017 Snooper's Charter Under Fire - Investigatory Bill Faces Legal Challenge The Hillary Clinton Email Scandal Is Far From Over - But Not For Her Just When You Thought 2016 Was Dramatic Enough - It's 2017, And Cadbury's Are Increasing The Price Of Freddo Bars UK Internet Providers To Make Pirates Walk The Plank? Why The Booze Is Putting You Into Starvation Mode La La Land Destroys Long-Standing Golden Globes Record Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search News Crime Texas Legislature Politics Education Investigations Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Weather Alert The National Weather Service has issued a tornado watch in effect until midnight for the following counties: Dallas, Ellis, Johnson, Tarrant County A tornado watch is in effect until midnight for the following counties: Dallas, Ellis, Johnson, Tarrant Lockheed CEO vows again to cut F-35 costs, tells Trump 1,800 jobs will be added in Fort Worth Filed under Donald Trump at 2 days ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Jamie Lovegrove, Washington Correspondent Connect with Jamie Lovegrove On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now WASHINGTON — Under pressure from President-elect Donald Trump to cut costs for the F-35 fighter jet program, Lockheed Martin CEO Marillyn Hewson visited Trump Tower on Friday for a second meeting with Trump, previewing a deal to satisfy him and promising more jobs in Fort Worth. Hewson told reporters after the meeting that she shares Trump’s desire to reduce the costs of the stealth fighter jets, produced by Lockheed through a contract with the Pentagon, down to “the lowest possible price.” “So I'm glad I had the opportunity to tell him that we are close to a deal that will bring the cost down significantly from the previous lot of aircraft to the next lot of aircraft,” Hewson said, describing it as a “great meeting.” Hewson added that the company plans to add 1,800 more jobs in Fort Worth, where the company assembles the jets. As of now, the F-35 program provides 38,900 jobs to Texans either directly or indirectly, according to Lockheed, and contributes an economic impact of $3.4 billion to the state. Trump first began publicly complaining about the F-35 costs in December on the platform he uses to air many of his grievances: Twitter. The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 12, 2016 The president-elect bemoaned that costs for the program are “out of control” and vowed to save billions of dollars once he takes office. A couple of weeks later, Hewson joined Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenberg in a trip to Trump’s Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida, where she offered Trump a “personal commitment” to reduce the costs. "We're just beginning — it's a dance," Trump told reporters after that meeting. "It's a little bit of a dance. We're going to get the costs down. And we're going to get it done beautifully." The president-elect said he asked Boeing to determine the price for a “comparable F-18 Super Hornet” to potentially replace the F-35. But, as experts noted, the two planes are not comparable because an F-18 is not a stealth jet. Trump targeted the F-35 again this week at a news conference in New York. "It's way, way behind schedule and many, many billions of dollars over budget," Trump said. "I don't like that. ... We're going to do some big things on the F-35 program and perhaps the F-18 program. We're going to get those costs way down." Each time Trump has put the F-35 in his crosshairs, Lockheed Martin's stock has tumbled. Shares for the defense contractor fell more than 1 percent after Trump's most recent criticism in the news conference and 2 percent after his initial December tweet. But the F-35 program received a boost this week when Rep. Kay Granger, a Fort Worth Republican and key ally for Lockheed on Capitol Hill, was selected to chair the powerful House defense appropriations subcommittee, which oversees the Pentagon budget. Lockheed congratulated Granger, a longtime defender of the F-35 program, on landing the role, describing her as “a champion for our armed forces.” The F-35 assembly plant is in Granger’s district. Granger told The Dallas Morning News this week that she expects Trump will come to appreciate the importance of the F-35 program, which she describes as “huge,” once he takes office and deals with the issue on a more sustained basis. But she said she has no problem with Trump’s intention to “watch every penny we’re spending.” “I don’t think he ever said we shouldn’t have it, but it should be an affordable price,” Granger said. “Lockheed certainly doesn’t want to lose that contract; no one wants to lose that contract. But he has to be satisfied that it’s a price that makes sense.” The Fort Worth Republican said she has been invited to the White House just once during President Barack Obama’s eight-year tenure, a trend she expects to shift dramatically with Trump. Because Trump is using some members of Congress as liaisons with his incoming White House team, Granger said she knows some of them well. “And they’ll take my calls probably faster with the chairmanship assigned to it,” she added. The F-35 program has its detractors in Congress, too. Sen. John McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services committee, is a frequent critic of the program. When the Department of Defense told him this week that there would be another schedule delay and cost overrun, McCain described it as “the poster child for acquisition malpractice.” A spokeswoman for New Jersey Republican Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen, chairman of the broader House appropriations committee and Granger’s predecessor, said he “supports the F-35 program, but, like many, has serious concerns about the cost.” But if push comes to shove and Republicans on Capitol Hill end up differing with Trump on the program’s future, congressional aides note that Congress — not the president — has funding authority. In another boon for Fort Worth this week, the Air Force selected a naval air base in the North Texas city to receive one of the first squadrons of F-35 Lightning II fighter jets, scheduled to begin arriving in the mid-2020s. Democratic Fort Worth Rep. Marc Veasey, a member of the House Armed Services committee, calls the F-35 program “the most important defense project we’ve seen in many generations.” “In order for us to continue to have the superior air capability and strike capability that we need going into the future to evade any new radar detections that are out there, we have to have F-35,” Veasey told The Dallas Morning News this week. “If we don’t have it, we’re going to be putting ourselves at very vulnerable risk,” he added, “and [Trump] should be more responsible with his tweets and the things he says because he’s affecting the livelihoods of 14,000 workers in the North Texas area and many more elsewhere.” Retired Marine Gen. James Mattis, Trump's choice for defense secretary, lauded the F-35 program in his Senate confirmation hearing this week, and several senators have said that Mattis gave them a "clear commitment" that he would continue the program.  In an op-ed for The Dallas Morning News, Republican Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas praised Mattis for telling him that he plans to ensure "the successful completion of a fifth-generation air-superiority platform." View Comments Tags Donald Trump Politics Business Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to News More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2016, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 52 5 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Alaska Airlines to offer free in-flight chat access Smartphone-toting fliers will have free access to Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, and iMessage. Post to Facebook Alaska Airlines to offer free in-flight chat access  Smartphone-toting fliers will have free access to Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, and iMessage.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jEwjTn {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Alaska Airlines to offer free in-flight chat access Today in the Sky Brian M. Westbrook, KING 5 TV of Seattle Published 9:34 a.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 | Updated 1:20 p.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 139 Shares FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Alaska Airlines, Virgin America begin merger process  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Sporting the airline's recently updated livery, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in May 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America operated its busiest hub in San Francisco, where it has become one of the city's most notable carriers.  AP Fullscreen An image showing the tails of Alaska Airlines and Virgin America aircraft.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Virgin America was known for its trendy and irreverent image. Every year near Christmas, the carrier performed 'Operation Chihuahua Airlift' to send rescued chihuahuas to homes on the East Coast.  PR NEWSWIRE Fullscreen Alaska Airlines planes with the company's newest livery and tail logo, left, and the old livery are shown April 4, 2016, at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.  Ted S. Warren, AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines and Virgin America aircraft are seen at Washington Dulles International Airport on Aug. 12, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America sparked a major fare war when it tried to create a 'focus city' at Dallas Love Field. Here, one of the airline's planes is seen at Love Field in April 2014.  AP Fullscreen A new Alaska Airlines 737 painted with a Boeing centennial theme arrives during a kickoff celebration for Boeing's 100th anniversary month on June 30, 2016, in Seattle.  Genna Martin, AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' newly painted jet supporting veterans is readied for departure to Portland, Ore., on Veteran's Day, Nov. 11, 2016 at Chicago O'Hare.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America's distinctive red tails have become a common site at San Francisco International Airport.  JOHN G. MABANGLO, EPA Fullscreen Alaska Airlines CEO Brad Tilden speaks to a crowd during the Alaska Airlines Plane Pull with Russell Wilson and Joel McHale at The Museum of Flight in Seattle on July 28, 2015.  Matt Mills McKnight, AP Images for Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Virgin America CEO David Cush, third-left front row, is applauded and showered with confetti as he rings the opening bell at the Nasdaq market to mark his company's IPO in New York on Nov. 14, 2014.  Richard Drew, AP Fullscreen In this file photo from Nov. 14, 2016, fueling manager Jarid Svraka looks on as he fuels an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-800 jet with a new, blended alternative jet fuel at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen Virgin America flight attendants line the red carpet during a news conference at Dallas Love Field on April 25, 2014.  Max Faulkner, Fort Worth Star-Telegram via AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets line a terminal in Seattle on Dec. 16, 2015.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen Virgin America's inaugural flight between Los Angeles an Dallas Fort Worth International Airport comes in for a landing in Texas on Dec. 1, 2010.  LM Otero, AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' "Salmon-Thirty-Salmon" themed Boeing 737-800 is one of several unique paint jobs flying for the carrier. It's seen here in Anchorage on Oct. 4, 2012.  Mark Thiessen, AP Fullscreen Bearing colors of the Oregon State University Beavers, an Alaska Airlines/Horizon Q400 takes off from a foggy Seattle in January of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-800 painted with the airline's new tail logo and livery takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Jan. 26, 2016.  HANDOUT/EPA Fullscreen British tycoon Richard Branson became a fixture for Virgin America at its promotional events. Here he greets staff at the airline's inaugural San Francisco-Denver flight on March 15, 2016.  Trevor Hughes, USA TODAY Fullscreen British tycoon Richard Branson became a fixture for Virgin America at its promotional events.Here he participates in festivities for the airline's inaugural San Francisco-Denver flight on March 15, 2016.  Trevor Hughes, USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America's hub at San Francisco put it into head-to-head competition with rival United on many routes.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Alaska Airlines planes line-up at the terminal at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 13, 2009.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen This airline painted in the colors of the Portland Timbers Major League Soccer team has been one of several special liveries to fly for Alaska Airlines over the years.  Courtesy of Alaska Air Group Fullscreen Bearing the airline's new logo and paint scheme, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxies for departure in Seattle, Wash in April of 2016. Bearing the airline's new logo and paint scheme, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxies for departure in Seattle on April of 2016. [Via MerlinFTP Drop]  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / Special Fullscreen Seen here in 2011, Virgin America performed a splashy makeover in creating its ticketing space at San Francisco International Airport.  Martin E. Klimek, for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The warm orange hues of a summer sunset envelope an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun sets over the Olympic mountain range as an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxis to its gate at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 747-400 lands within view of an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on June 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska and Delta Air Lines jets pass one another at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on June 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets line up for departure early in the morning at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 departs LAX on Nov. 7, 2015, as a trio of international tails await their next flights.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 33 2 of 33 3 of 33 4 of 33 5 of 33 6 of 33 7 of 33 8 of 33 9 of 33 10 of 33 11 of 33 12 of 33 13 of 33 14 of 33 15 of 33 16 of 33 17 of 33 18 of 33 19 of 33 20 of 33 21 of 33 22 of 33 23 of 33 24 of 33 25 of 33 26 of 33 27 of 33 28 of 33 29 of 33 30 of 33 31 of 33 32 of 33 33 of 33 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Passengers have a new way to pass the time while flying. Alaska Airlines announced free in-flight access to three popular messaging apps. Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, and Apple’s iMessage will now work on GoGo Wi-Fi-equipped planes without charge, the airline said. “As a frequent traveler, it’s a nice perk to be able to stay connected with people either on the plane, or on the ground,” says retail technology executive Eric Belzer. “It will be very handy for people coordinating travel during unexpected changes." The new free service is available when accessing in-flight Wi-Fi with a smartphone. In addition to complimentary chat, Alaska Airlines is rolling out previously-announced premium economy service, and additional meal options. The carrier finalized a merger with Virgin America last month that made it the nation’s fifth-largest airline. The free chat option will be available only on Alaska Airlines-branded flights, but Alaska Airlines hinted that feature -- as well as other recent upgrades -- could expand. "Though these products are currently limited to flights operated by Alaska Airlines, customer response and feedback will inform future cabin enhancements and offerings on Alaska Airlines, Virgin America and Horizon Air-operated flights," the company said in a statement. USA TODAY Alaska Air begins merger with Virgin America, promises 'more to love' FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Alaska Airlines, Virgin America kick off merger with celebration  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Employees pose near a special-livery 737 that Alaska Air rolled out Dec. 14, 2016, to commemorate the closing of its acquisition of Virgin America. The plane incorporates brand elements of each carrier.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines rolled out this special merger-themed paint scheme on one of its Boeing 737s on Dec. 14, 2016. The livery marked the closing of Alaska Air's acquisition of Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden greets passengers -- mostly employees -- arriving to San Francisco on a special charter flight as the airline closed on its acquisition of Virgin America.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen From left, Alaska Airlines employees Ruthy Trykur (fueling operations specialist), Lucy Lafayette (accounts payable) and Brinda Baldwin (accounts payable supervisor) onboard Alaska Airlines' special charter flight to San Francisco on Dec. 14, 2016.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A red-carpet greeting awaited passengers -- mostly employees -- arriving to San Francisco on a special charter flight as the airline closed on its acquisition of Virgin America.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines rolled out this special livery on Dec. 14, 2016, to commemorate the closing of its acquisition of Virgin America. The plane incorporates brand elements of each carrier.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' messaging as seen on its special new merger-themed livery.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines rolled out this special livery on Dec. 14, 2016, to commemorate the closing of its acquisition of Virgin America. The plane incorporates brand elements of each carrier.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden greets passengers -- mostly employees -- arriving to San Francisco on a special charter flight on Dec. 14, 2016, as the airline closed on its acquisition of Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Ground crews in San Francisco welcome the arrival of a special Alaska Airlines flight on Dec. 14, 2016.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden greets workers in San Francisco on Dec. 14, 2016, as the carrier officially began its merger with Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden speaks to workers at San Francisco on Dec. 14, 2016, as the carrier officially began its merger with Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air kicked off its merger with Virgin America on Dec. 14, 2016, with an employee event in San Francisco.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen "More to love" is emblazoned on the side of a specially painted, merger-themed Boeing 737 for Alaska Airlines.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines rolled out this special livery on Dec. 14, 2016, to commemorate the closing of its acquisition of Virgin America. The plane incorporates brand elements of each carrier.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden greets employees in San Francisco on Dec. 14, 2016, as the airline closed on its acquisition of Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 21 2 of 21 3 of 21 4 of 21 5 of 21 6 of 21 7 of 21 8 of 21 9 of 21 10 of 21 11 of 21 12 of 21 13 of 21 14 of 21 15 of 21 16 of 21 17 of 21 18 of 21 19 of 21 20 of 21 21 of 21 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Alaska Airlines is offering customers complimentary access to GoGo in-flight entertainment movies and TV shows through March. Movies are accessed on smartphones, tablets, laptops and other customers devices bring onboard. In addition to movies either streamed to passenger devices or through seat-back screens, most U.S. airlines offer some form of in-flight connectivity. Wi-Fi access for email, social media, and browsing websites is available for a charge, usually starting around $10 per flight. Due to the limited bandwidth available to each aircraft, popular streaming services such as Netflix and Hulu are not typically supported. KING Alaska Airlines' first daily flight to Cuba takes off To access chat apps without paying for standard Internet access, passengers must first connect to Gogo and select the free option. The service is in beta now and expected to be fully operational Jan. 24. "We're celebrating the new year – and our new, bigger airline – with the roll-out of new customer-friendly enhancements on Alaska-branded flights, starting with Free Chat," Andrew Harrison, Alaska Airlines' chief commercial officer, said in a statement. "We know that staying in touch while on the go is essential to our guests, many of whom don't need full Internet access. Free Chat is a great way to keep that connection alive without breaking the bank. And yes, it's fully emoji-compatible." Contributing: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY. KING 5 TV of Seattle is part of the USA TODAY Network. Occasionally, USA TODAY Network stories are used in Ben Mutzabaugh's Today in the Sky blog. You can follow the author of this story, KING 5 reporter Brian M. Westbrook, on Twitter at @BrianWestbrook.  IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn January's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Bearing colors of the Oregon State University Beavers, an Alaska Airlines/Horizon Q400 takes off from a foggy Seattle in January of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A flight attendant waits under the wing of EVA Air's newest Hello Kitty jet at a welcome party for EVA's service to Houston on June 19, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX narrowbody airplane is shown off to media at an event in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers at Boeing's factory in Renton, Wash., build a 737 narrowbody airplane during a factory tour on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Reprising a favorite photo from the past year, a former American Airlines Boeing 727 is towed across a Seattle avenue in preparation for a new construction project at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on March 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers at Boeing's factory in Renton, Wash., build a 737 narrowbody airplane during a factory tour on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Korean Air's "Love"-themed Boeing 777-300 departs Seattle on a brisk day in December 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Flying high above Puget Sound, an American Airlines Boeing 777 heads westward out over the Pacific Ocean in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 747-400 ends a nine-hour flight from London to Seattle on Dec. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bearing the titles of Sun Country but the paint of European carrier Transavia, a Boeing 737 comes to a stop in Seattle on Dec. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737 fuselage frame at the company's factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's 737 MAX leads a pack of newly built 737s at the company's Renton, Wash., factory on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737 departs Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 767-300 bound for Asia climbs out of the Seattle area and past a looming Mount Rainier on Dec. 26, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX narrowbody airplane sits on a ramp in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 28, 2015. The airplane is expected to take to the skies for the first time early in 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 model glistens in a Christmas tree at the Museum of Flight in Seattle in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An airplane spotter sets up a photo of an Alaska Airlines/SkyWest CRJ-700 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A FedEx MD11 hovers among the soft hues of a winter's sunset in Seattle in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines/Horizon Bombardier Q400 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Pilots aboard NASA's modified Douglas DC-8 flying laboratory take off from Joint Base Lewis-McChord near Tacoma, Wash., for a research flight on Dec. 5, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Despite working as a research laboratory for NASA, the agency's modified DC-8 still has some of the marks of its passenger service days with Alitalia and Braniff - such as this flight attendant panel seen during a flight on Dec. 5, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Engines filled with condensation, an Aeroflot Airbus A330 rolls down a runway at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A lineup of Delta Air Lines tails stretches across Atlanta Hartsfield's Terminal B on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Air Force One takes off from Boeing Field in Seattle on Oct. 9, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 787 takes off from Everett, Wash., for a test flight on Jan. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bombardier's CS300 jetliner returns from its inaugural flight outside Montreal on Feb. 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus A350 undergoes construction at the company's factory in Toulouse, France, on May 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Factory workers assemble a wing destined for a Boeing 737 at the company's Renton, Wash., factory on June 2, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Fiji Airways Airbus A330.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers traverse Toronto Lester Pearson International Airport's Terminal 1 in February of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airport duty manager Paul Pelton drives around the airport during his early morning shift at Sea-Tac International Airport on April 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 31 2 of 31 3 of 31 4 of 31 5 of 31 6 of 31 7 of 31 8 of 31 9 of 31 10 of 31 11 of 31 12 of 31 13 of 31 14 of 31 15 of 31 16 of 31 17 of 31 18 of 31 19 of 31 20 of 31 21 of 31 22 of 31 23 of 31 24 of 31 25 of 31 26 of 31 27 of 31 28 of 31 29 of 31 30 of 31 31 of 31 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Sporting the airline's recently updated livery, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in May 2016.  (Photo: Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY) Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jEwjTn Most Popular New RV trend: Lightweight camper trailers 875 Shares Where the Obamas dined during the 44th presidency 1.8k Shares First look: New Florida passenger train unveiled 11k Shares Alaska Airlines adds four routes from its Portland hub 309 Shares Best U.S. ski resorts for families 1.3k Shares Homeland nominee backs enhanced scrutiny of travelers overseas
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Economy & Policy » News Aadhaar roll-out collides with rickety reality Business Standard MSMEs eye larger pie in aerospace, defence post Vibrant Gujarat Summit They are upbeat especially in the wake of MoUs signed during the summit Vinay Umarji  |  Ahmedabad  January 14, 2017 Last Updated at 22:51 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UScxAQ Vijay Rupani Photo: Kamlesh Pednekar ALSO READ Global biz leaders to descend on Gandhinagar for Vibrant Gujarat Summit After auto, Gujarat aims to be defence, aerospace hub 24,385 MoUs inked on Day 2 of Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit Brand Modi key to success of 2017 Vibrant Gujarat Summit Post the state government policy and the Vibrant Gujarat Summit, MSMEs eye larger pie in aerospace and defence sector through component supply to the likes of Airbus, Boeing and Rolls Royce, among others. MSMEs are upbeat especially in the wake of memorandums of understanding (MoUs) signed during the summit that would lead to further opportunities in the aerospace and defence component manufacturing. For instance, several companies based of Gujarat, especially Saurashtra region who already supply precision components to aircraft manufacturers as well as defence and space agencies including ISRO are anticipating a rise in business by anywhere between 25 per cent and 40 per cent in the next 2-4 years. "With the likes of Airbus and Boeing signing MoUs in Gujarat, there is now an increased scope for precision component suppliers like us. We anticipate double-digit growth in business opportunities since the foreign OEMs are already familiar with India-based component manufacturers, even MSMEs," said Ashok Surelia, managing director of Surelia Wire-Cut Pvt Ltd. The defence and aerospace sector has seen at least over Rs 10,000 crore worth of MoUs being signed during VGGS. Among these, Reliance Defence and Deepak Fertilizer signed MoUs worth Rs 2,500 crore and Rs 3,000 crore for manufacturing set-ups in the state. On the other hand, Rajkot-based Jaivel Aerospace signed a MoU with Boeing for setting up a defence specific training centre under the Skill India program. "Amidst growing opportunities in the defence and aerospace sector, there will be need for trained manpower as well in future. The MoU has been signed keeping this requirement in mind," said Praveen Koti, head-business development of Jaivel Aerospace Ltd. The component manufacturers are also upbeat over union minister of defence Manohar Parrikar hinting at a possibility of government company setting up a unit in Gujarat that could also bring business for the former. While stating that around 20 companies have been granted licenses in defence manufacturing units in Gujarat, Parrikar also said that the minister would later visit the state to discuss possibilities of a defence PSU's foray here. Read More On Vibrant Gujarat Summit | Msmes | Isro | Airbus | Boeing | Rolls Royce PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? MSMEs eye larger pie in aerospace, defence post Vibrant Gujarat Summit They are upbeat especially in the wake of MoUs signed during the summit They are upbeat especially in the wake of MoUs signed during the summit Post the state government policy and the Vibrant Gujarat Summit, MSMEs eye larger pie in aerospace and defence sector through component supply to the likes of Airbus, Boeing and Rolls Royce, among others. MSMEs are upbeat especially in the wake of memorandums of understanding (MoUs) signed during the summit that would lead to further opportunities in the aerospace and defence component manufacturing. For instance, several companies based of Gujarat, especially Saurashtra region who already supply precision components to aircraft manufacturers as well as defence and space agencies including ISRO are anticipating a rise in business by anywhere between 25 per cent and 40 per cent in the next 2-4 years. "With the likes of Airbus and Boeing signing MoUs in Gujarat, there is now an increased scope for precision component suppliers like us. We anticipate double-digit growth in business opportunities since the foreign OEMs are already familiar with India-based component manufacturers, even MSMEs," said Ashok Surelia, managing director of Surelia Wire-Cut Pvt Ltd. The defence and aerospace sector has seen at least over Rs 10,000 crore worth of MoUs being signed during VGGS. Among these, Reliance Defence and Deepak Fertilizer signed MoUs worth Rs 2,500 crore and Rs 3,000 crore for manufacturing set-ups in the state. On the other hand, Rajkot-based Jaivel Aerospace signed a MoU with Boeing for setting up a defence specific training centre under the Skill India program. "Amidst growing opportunities in the defence and aerospace sector, there will be need for trained manpower as well in future. The MoU has been signed keeping this requirement in mind," said Praveen Koti, head-business development of Jaivel Aerospace Ltd. The component manufacturers are also upbeat over union minister of defence Manohar Parrikar hinting at a possibility of government company setting up a unit in Gujarat that could also bring business for the former. While stating that around 20 companies have been granted licenses in defence manufacturing units in Gujarat, Parrikar also said that the minister would later visit the state to discuss possibilities of a defence PSU's foray here. Vinay Umarji Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MSMEs eye larger pie in aerospace, defence post Vibrant Gujarat Summit They are upbeat especially in the wake of MoUs signed during the summit Post the state government policy and the Vibrant Gujarat Summit, MSMEs eye larger pie in aerospace and defence sector through component supply to the likes of Airbus, Boeing and Rolls Royce, among others. MSMEs are upbeat especially in the wake of memorandums of understanding (MoUs) signed during the summit that would lead to further opportunities in the aerospace and defence component manufacturing. For instance, several companies based of Gujarat, especially Saurashtra region who already supply precision components to aircraft manufacturers as well as defence and space agencies including ISRO are anticipating a rise in business by anywhere between 25 per cent and 40 per cent in the next 2-4 years. "With the likes of Airbus and Boeing signing MoUs in Gujarat, there is now an increased scope for precision component suppliers like us. We anticipate double-digit growth in business opportunities since the foreign OEMs are already familiar with India-based component manufacturers, even MSMEs," said Ashok Surelia, managing director of Surelia Wire-Cut Pvt Ltd. The defence and aerospace sector has seen at least over Rs 10,000 crore worth of MoUs being signed during VGGS. Among these, Reliance Defence and Deepak Fertilizer signed MoUs worth Rs 2,500 crore and Rs 3,000 crore for manufacturing set-ups in the state. On the other hand, Rajkot-based Jaivel Aerospace signed a MoU with Boeing for setting up a defence specific training centre under the Skill India program. "Amidst growing opportunities in the defence and aerospace sector, there will be need for trained manpower as well in future. The MoU has been signed keeping this requirement in mind," said Praveen Koti, head-business development of Jaivel Aerospace Ltd. The component manufacturers are also upbeat over union minister of defence Manohar Parrikar hinting at a possibility of government company setting up a unit in Gujarat that could also bring business for the former. While stating that around 20 companies have been granted licenses in defence manufacturing units in Gujarat, Parrikar also said that the minister would later visit the state to discuss possibilities of a defence PSU's foray here. Vinay Umarji Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Top U.S. bank executives optimistic heading into 2017 U.S. retail sales boosted by auto demand; producer prices climb Business Standard Airbus vs Boeing: Iran deals the difference in plane battle Reuters  |  PARIS  January 14, 2017 Last Updated at 00:26 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USdQeP ALSO READ Iran trims Airbus deal amid U.S. regulatory delays Airbus beats Boeing on orders tally at Farnborough Airshow Iran reaches 100-jet deal with Airbus, sees first delivery in Jan U.S. lawmakers have "grave concern" over Boeing, Airbus Iran licenses Exclusive: Iran to land first Airbus jet within weeks under sanctions pact By Tim Hepher PARIS (Reuters) - Over the past two decades, planemakers Airbus and Boeing have traded the crown in the annual orders race, and it was usually clear who had bragging rights in the fiercely competitive $120 billion annual jet market. On Wednesday, Airbus retained the top spot when it said it had recorded a total of 731 net orders for 2016, beating Boeing's tally of 668 for the year released a week ago. Standing out as the unusual kingmaker between the two Western giants is Iran, emerging from decades of sanctions to place billions of dollars of new orders. Because of fragile demand elsewhere, its comeback carries unusual weight. While Airbus included all but two of the 100 aircraft it sold to Iran last year, its American arch-rival did not include the 80 aircraft it sold to the country. It is unclear why Airbus formally reported Iranian orders while Boeing did not, and what criteria were used by each company in making their decisions. Airbus is further ahead in the sales process; Iran took delivery of its first Airbus jet on Wednesday, while Boeing's planes will be delivered from 2018. Neither planemaker gave any immediate comment when contacted by Reuters. A source close to Boeing said there was some bemusement at the U.S. planemaker as to why Airbus was able to book all of their Iranian orders. Airbus sources, who declined to be named, said the company's year-end numbers had been strictly audited. Analysts say decisions on whether to formally report such orders in annual tallies would depend partly on the status of the U.S. export licences needed by both companies due to their heavy reliance on U.S. parts. People close to the deals say that while both big jetmakers have received U.S. export licences for sales to Iran, only some of them cover the whole delivery period running until 2028. Both companies must apply for extensions for part of their orders. Industry sources say the same contractual conditions applied to both companies. Even though Boeing lost the headline order battle, analysts say it may ultimately benefit from lagging Airbus in the Iranian sales process if it can use its rival's presence in the country to make the case for its own deal to go through, in the face of U.S. Republican political opposition. During his election campaign, President-elect Donald Trump was critical of the international nuclear deal that led to the lifting of sanctions on Iran. The Iranian orders offer valuable respite from a slowdown in demand for both planemakers, with their combined new orders falling below deliveries for the first time since 2009. Boeing posted a book-to-bill ratio of 0.89 for 2016. This would be at exactly 1 if the Iranian deal were included, with 748 orders and just as many deliveries, company data shows. Airbus would fall below that threshold without the Iran order. Analysts said such margins show how relatively thin orders have become after a decade of mostly rampant growth, coinciding with growing indicators that the aerospace cycle is weakening. Airbus sales chief John Leahy warned this week orders would stay weak in 2017, but said deliveries which drive profits would continue to grow for some time on the back of older sales. (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Pravin Char) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Airbus | Orders | Iran PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Airbus vs Boeing: Iran deals the difference in plane battle PARIS (Reuters) - Over the past two decades, planemakers Airbus and Boeing have traded the crown in the annual orders race, and it was usually clear who had bragging rights in the fiercely competitive $120 billion annual jet market. By Tim Hepher PARIS (Reuters) - Over the past two decades, planemakers Airbus and Boeing have traded the crown in the annual orders race, and it was usually clear who had bragging rights in the fiercely competitive $120 billion annual jet market. On Wednesday, Airbus retained the top spot when it said it had recorded a total of 731 net orders for 2016, beating Boeing's tally of 668 for the year released a week ago. Standing out as the unusual kingmaker between the two Western giants is Iran, emerging from decades of sanctions to place billions of dollars of new orders. Because of fragile demand elsewhere, its comeback carries unusual weight. While Airbus included all but two of the 100 aircraft it sold to Iran last year, its American arch-rival did not include the 80 aircraft it sold to the country. It is unclear why Airbus formally reported Iranian orders while Boeing did not, and what criteria were used by each company in making their decisions. Airbus is further ahead in the sales process; Iran took delivery of its first Airbus jet on Wednesday, while Boeing's planes will be delivered from 2018. Neither planemaker gave any immediate comment when contacted by Reuters. A source close to Boeing said there was some bemusement at the U.S. planemaker as to why Airbus was able to book all of their Iranian orders. Airbus sources, who declined to be named, said the company's year-end numbers had been strictly audited. Analysts say decisions on whether to formally report such orders in annual tallies would depend partly on the status of the U.S. export licences needed by both companies due to their heavy reliance on U.S. parts. People close to the deals say that while both big jetmakers have received U.S. export licences for sales to Iran, only some of them cover the whole delivery period running until 2028. Both companies must apply for extensions for part of their orders. Industry sources say the same contractual conditions applied to both companies. Even though Boeing lost the headline order battle, analysts say it may ultimately benefit from lagging Airbus in the Iranian sales process if it can use its rival's presence in the country to make the case for its own deal to go through, in the face of U.S. Republican political opposition. During his election campaign, President-elect Donald Trump was critical of the international nuclear deal that led to the lifting of sanctions on Iran. The Iranian orders offer valuable respite from a slowdown in demand for both planemakers, with their combined new orders falling below deliveries for the first time since 2009. Boeing posted a book-to-bill ratio of 0.89 for 2016. This would be at exactly 1 if the Iranian deal were included, with 748 orders and just as many deliveries, company data shows. Airbus would fall below that threshold without the Iran order. Analysts said such margins show how relatively thin orders have become after a decade of mostly rampant growth, coinciding with growing indicators that the aerospace cycle is weakening. Airbus sales chief John Leahy warned this week orders would stay weak in 2017, but said deliveries which drive profits would continue to grow for some time on the back of older sales. (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Pravin Char) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Airbus vs Boeing: Iran deals the difference in plane battle By Tim Hepher PARIS (Reuters) - Over the past two decades, planemakers Airbus and Boeing have traded the crown in the annual orders race, and it was usually clear who had bragging rights in the fiercely competitive $120 billion annual jet market. On Wednesday, Airbus retained the top spot when it said it had recorded a total of 731 net orders for 2016, beating Boeing's tally of 668 for the year released a week ago. Standing out as the unusual kingmaker between the two Western giants is Iran, emerging from decades of sanctions to place billions of dollars of new orders. Because of fragile demand elsewhere, its comeback carries unusual weight. While Airbus included all but two of the 100 aircraft it sold to Iran last year, its American arch-rival did not include the 80 aircraft it sold to the country. It is unclear why Airbus formally reported Iranian orders while Boeing did not, and what criteria were used by each company in making their decisions. Airbus is further ahead in the sales process; Iran took delivery of its first Airbus jet on Wednesday, while Boeing's planes will be delivered from 2018. Neither planemaker gave any immediate comment when contacted by Reuters. A source close to Boeing said there was some bemusement at the U.S. planemaker as to why Airbus was able to book all of their Iranian orders. Airbus sources, who declined to be named, said the company's year-end numbers had been strictly audited. Analysts say decisions on whether to formally report such orders in annual tallies would depend partly on the status of the U.S. export licences needed by both companies due to their heavy reliance on U.S. parts. People close to the deals say that while both big jetmakers have received U.S. export licences for sales to Iran, only some of them cover the whole delivery period running until 2028. Both companies must apply for extensions for part of their orders. Industry sources say the same contractual conditions applied to both companies. Even though Boeing lost the headline order battle, analysts say it may ultimately benefit from lagging Airbus in the Iranian sales process if it can use its rival's presence in the country to make the case for its own deal to go through, in the face of U.S. Republican political opposition. During his election campaign, President-elect Donald Trump was critical of the international nuclear deal that led to the lifting of sanctions on Iran. The Iranian orders offer valuable respite from a slowdown in demand for both planemakers, with their combined new orders falling below deliveries for the first time since 2009. Boeing posted a book-to-bill ratio of 0.89 for 2016. This would be at exactly 1 if the Iranian deal were included, with 748 orders and just as many deliveries, company data shows. Airbus would fall below that threshold without the Iran order. Analysts said such margins show how relatively thin orders have become after a decade of mostly rampant growth, coinciding with growing indicators that the aerospace cycle is weakening. Airbus sales chief John Leahy warned this week orders would stay weak in 2017, but said deliveries which drive profits would continue to grow for some time on the back of older sales. (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Pravin Char) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business . Carry on: Boeing's 737 orders, Airbus' late 2016 surge, new routes and more Nevil Gibson Friday January 13, 2017 Share B737 MAX 8 in Travel Service's livery Play NBR radio on Boeing snares 80-plus new 737 orders Boeing has kicked off the year with orders for more than 80 of its single-aisled aircraft. The largest is 75 B737 MAX 8 aircraft for GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS), the commercial aircraft leasing and financing arm of General Electric. The order, booked in December, is valued at $US8.25 billion at current list prices. The follow-on order increases the GECAS firm order book for the 737 MAX to 170 airplanes, the largest of any aircraft leasing company.  Travel Service, the Czech airline company that operates scheduled flights under the SmartWings brand, has finalised an order for five 737 8 MAX airplanes, valued at $US550 million at current list prices. Travel Service corporate charter planes fly to more than 300 airports on four continents. To date, the 737 MAX has accumulated 3419 orders, making it the fastest-selling airplane in Boeing history. South Korean budget carrier Jeju Air has ordered three Next-Generation 737-800s, valued at nearly $US300 million at current list prices. The aircraft are the first to be direct-purchased from Boeing. Jeju operates an all-Boeing fleet of 26 Next-Generation 737-800s. The new 737-800s feature the Boeing Sky Interior used in the 787 Dreamliner cabin, providing passengers a greater sense of spaciousness with decorative sculpted sidewalls, larger window reveals, LED mood lighting and larger pivot overhead stowage bins. Airbus beats Boeing in 2017 Meanwhile, Airbus posted an 8% rise in deliveries last year, beating its own forecasts by a comfortable margin to set a company record. It also pulled off a last-minute surge in orders to beat Boeing in the race for new orders. But Airbus warns of a further slowdown of industry orders in 2017 as the aerospace industry turns its attention to producing what it already has on its order books, following an extended order boom. Airbus says it delivered 688 aircraft in 2016, compared with its most recent forecast of 670. Deliveries rebounded sharply at the year-end after problems in the supply chain. The first 2017 order has come from India’s Wadia Group, whose budget carrier GoAir has firmed up a contract for 72 A320neo aircraft. This doubles GoAir’s firm order book for the aircraft type to 144. GoAir now operates a fleet of 23 aircraft and with the new aircraft will expand its domestic network. It is the first airline to use an A320neo in the Spaceflex configuration with 186 seats without compromising on passenger leg room and comfort. To date, nine A320neo aircraft have been delivered to three customers. Air Canada, Cathay Pacific to codeshare Air Canada and Cathay Pacific have established a codeshare for flights in Southeast Asia and in Canada. From January 19, this will apply to flights from Hong Kong operated by Cathay Pacific (and Cathay Dragon)  to Bangkok, Cebu, Chiang Mai, Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City, Kuala Lumpur, Manila  and Phuket. The Cathay Pacific code will also apply to flights operated by Air Canada (Air Canada Express) from Toronto to Halifax, Montréal, Ottawa, Quebec City, Regina, Saskatoon, St. John’s NFLD and Winnipeg; and from  Vancouver to Calgary, Edmonton, Kelowna , Montréal, Toronto and Victoria. Route news of the week – Part I Cathay Pacific will launch its second route to Spain from July 2. Subject to government approval, an Airbus A350-900XWB will operate the Hong Kong-Barcelona route, four times a week on a seasonal basis until October 27. Only a few weeks after introducing a San Francisco-Auckland, United Airlines is pulling back to a seasonal service. This means no flights between April 16 and October 28. However, United will increase its service from seven to 10 weekly in December 2017, tentatively using a Boeing 777-200ER. The route is operated in a joint venture with Air New Zealand. Route news of the week – Part II Qatar Airways has launched a four times weekly, non-stop Doha-Las Vegas service using a Boeing 777-200LR. Qatar is also expanding its A350 operation in Europe. New A350 routes are Doha-Barcelona from August 16, replacing a Boeing 787-8;  Doha-Madrid from September 30, with an increase from one to two-times daily; and  Doha-Zurich from May 2, replacing a B787-8, four times weekly. Emirates plans to resume its Airbus A380 service on the Dubai-Tokyo Narita route from March 26, replacing a B777-300ER. AirAsia X will launch a Kuala Lumpur-Wuhan (China) service from March 22, using an A330-300 aircraft four times a week. Russian carrier S7 Airlines is adding a Vladivostok-Osaka Kansai route from April 28. This will operate twice a week (once a week on selected periods) using an A320. Read more from Nevil Gibson Email Nevil: ngibson@nbr.co.nz Follow @@nevilgibson Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags CARRY ON airbus Boeing Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7103 -0.0034 -0.48% AUD 0.9491 -0.0024 -0.25% EUR 0.6689 -0.0026 -0.39% GBP 0.5906 -0.0025 -0.42% HKD 5.5084 -0.0264 -0.48% JPY 81.0260 -0.4680 -0.57% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1196.2 1.890 2017-01-13T00: Oil Brent 55.9 -0.610 2017-01-13T00: Oil Nymex 53.1 -0.670 2017-01-13T00: Silver Index 16.8 -0.060 2017-01-13T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7047.0 7069.3 7047.0 0.28% NASDAQ 5557.6 5584.3 5547.5 0.48% DAX 11576.8 11635.5 11521.0 0.94% DJI 19912.5 19952.0 19891.0 -0.03% FTSE 7292.4 7338.5 7292.4 0.62% HKSE 22895.4 22908.9 22937.4 -0.79% NI225 19219.1 19255.4 19287.3 -0.95% ASX 5721.1 5763.4 5721.1 0.42% Most Popular Read Hellaby board bows to the inevitable and recommends Bapcor bid Woman's Day publisher touts McCaw wedding coverage with hefty copyright warning Downer NZ boss Bruyn departs to head up Fulton Hogan Opinion: Turn rural Auckland into 'green' housing clusters Silver Fern Farms sinks to $30.6 million loss Commented Woman's Day publisher touts McCaw wedding coverage with hefty copyright warning NZ food prices dip in December on cheaper vegetables, meat and dairy NZ lamb returns may be dented as kiwi rises vs pound Hellaby board bows to the inevitable and recommends Bapcor bid The Warehouse, Kathmandu shares depressed Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Hellaby chairman Steve Smith on why the board is now recommending the Bapcor offer Grant Walker and Andrew Patterson's Business Year in Review Craigs' Mark Lister on soggy retail stocks, strong overall share market NBR's Jenny Ruth on the stalled takeover bid for Abano Healthcare ASB Classic tournament director Karl Budge explains how to run a class tournament Only available on Previous article Bapcor offer for Hellaby goes unconditional NZ food prices dip in December on cheaper vegetables, meat and dairy Next article Listen carefully: Please kill the engagement survey – Part I NZ economy to grow 3.5% in 2017, bank reckons Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> Carry on: Boeing's 737 orders, Airbus' late 2016 surge, new routes and more
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 44-54 We set you thinking Monday 16 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Singapore Singapore to charge S$6.40 fee for foreign vehicles entering Singapore from Feb 15 1484533980 World Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors 1484534190 World Obama says U.N. vote didn't rupture U.S.-Israel relations 1484532606 Business Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources 1484533166 World Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times 1484533354 World Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' 1484533354 World Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK 1484533365 World Israel, Palestinians warned against solo steps harmful to peace 1484512857 World CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia 1484533354 Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 1484520660 World Decision over THAAD location in South Korea could be delayed: Yonhap 1484532099 World Trump asks if outgoing CIA Chief was leaker of ‘fake news’ 1484531760 Tech Samsung probe finds battery was main cause of Galaxy Note 7 fires: Source 1484529960 Business Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1484530442 World Tibet protesters detained in Swiss capital during Xi Jinping visit 1484517484 World Death toll from Brazil jail riot at 27, nine injured 1484522361 World South Korea prosecutor indicts NPS chief in political scandal probe 1484529755 China&India Beijing will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues on Taiwan: China Daily 1484527800 Lifestyle Gordon Ramsay to cook with food waste at pop-up restaurant in London 1484528189 World South Korea former opposition leader holds lead in presidential favorites poll 1484527101 World One hand on light switch, Obama isn’t flipping to ‘off’ just yet 1484525760 Business Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 1484526995 World Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world 1484526991 World Are fathers getting a raw deal in the workplace, UK inquiry asks 1484525784 Business Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader 1484526334 World Trump team may move West Wing briefings to expand capacity 1484523960 Singapore Singapore has world’s 2nd most ‘powerful’ passport: Index 1484525520 World Living standards better growth gauge than GDP, Davos forum says 1484524260 Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos 1484525116 World What changes under Turkey’s new constitution plan? 1484523395 Business Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific set for overhaul 1484523391 World Early elections set to be called in Northern Ireland 1484522049 World Trump says Merkel made 'catastrophic mistake' with refugee policy 1484522485 Business In choosing a job, focus on the fun 1484523096 World Efforts ramped up to monitor fires in Riau, Kalimantan amid haze fears 1484479260 Singapore Poor response to scheme to guide SMEs to attract, retain manpower 1484495460 Lifestyle Chat with a cat? Who could resist? 1484521860 China&India One-China policy non-negotiable, Beijing reminds Trump again 1484510460 Business Sterling skids on Brexit worry; investors await Trump clarity 1484521298 Business Exclusive: Philip Morris jolted by Indian proposal to ban foreign tobacco investment 1484521516 World Trump labels NATO ‘obsolete’ in newspaper interview 1484520989 Business Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico 1484518446 World French ex-PM Valls trails in left-wing TV primary debate: poll 1484518110 World Trump says wants nuclear arsenals cut 'very substantially' 1484517828 Business Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns 1484517960 World South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief 1484468130 Sports Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool 1484516160 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Jan 16 1484515800 World Britain has 'reservations' about Paris Middle East peace talks 1484508777 World Congo government says M23 rebel fighters cross over border from Uganda 1484512211 Business Airbus versus Boeing: Iran deals the difference in plane battle An Airbus A321 airliner arrives at the Mehrabad International Airport in Tehran. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 3:20 AM, January 14, 2017 Updated: 8:00 AM, January 14, 2017 PARIS - Over the past two decades, planemakers Airbus <AIR.PA> and Boeing <BA.N> have traded the crown in the annual orders race, and it was usually clear who had bragging rights in the fiercely competitive $120 billion annual jet market. On Wednesday, Airbus retained the top spot when it said it had recorded a total of 731 net orders for 2016, beating Boeing's tally of 668 for the year released a week ago. Standing out as the unusual kingmaker between the two Western giants is Iran, emerging from decades of sanctions to place billions of dollars of new orders. Because of fragile demand elsewhere, its comeback carries unusual weight. While Airbus included all but two of the 100 aircraft it sold to Iran last year, its American arch-rival did not include the 80 aircraft it sold to the country. It is unclear why Airbus formally reported Iranian orders while Boeing did not, and what criteria were used by each company in making their decisions. Airbus is further ahead in the sales process; Iran took delivery of its first Airbus jet on Wednesday, while Boeing's planes will be delivered from 2018. Neither planemaker gave any immediate comment when contacted by Reuters. A source close to Boeing said there was some bemusement at the U.S. planemaker as to why Airbus was able to book all of their Iranian orders. Airbus sources, who declined to be named, said the company's year-end numbers had been strictly audited. Analysts say decisions on whether to formally report such orders in annual tallies would depend partly on the status of the U.S. export licenses needed by both companies due to their heavy reliance on U.S. parts. People close to the deals say that while both big jetmakers have received U.S. export licenses for sales to Iran, only some of them cover the whole delivery period running until 2028. Both companies must apply for extensions for part of their orders. Industry sources say the same contractual conditions applied to both companies. Even though Boeing lost the headline order battle, analysts say it may ultimately benefit from lagging Airbus in the Iranian sales process if it can use its rival's presence in the country to make the case for its own deal to go through, in the face of U.S. Republican political opposition. During his election campaign, President-elect Donald Trump was critical of the international nuclear deal that led to the lifting of sanctions on Iran. The Iranian orders offer valuable respite from a slowdown in demand for both planemakers, with their combined new orders falling below deliveries for the first time since 2009. Boeing posted a book-to-bill ratio of 0.89 for 2016. This would be at exactly 1 if the Iranian deal were included, with 748 orders and just as many deliveries, company data shows. Airbus would fall below that threshold without the Iran order. Analysts said such margins show how relatively thin orders have become after a decade of mostly rampant growth, coinciding with growing indicators that the aerospace cycle is weakening. Airbus sales chief John Leahy warned this week orders would stay weak in 2017, but said deliveries which drive profits would continue to grow for some time on the back of older sales. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen had 'super risky' proposal for Fed's 2011 low-rate vow: transcripts Yahoo to be named Altaba, Mayer to leave board after Verizon deal Yahoo plans to shrink board, change name to Altaba after Verizon deal Xi to be first Chinese leader to attend Davos World Economic Forum World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos With new leverage, NYC's Stringer could reshape boardrooms Where to get help if you’re in financial trouble Wells Fargo thinks it has paid back customers as required Weekly jobless claims rise; import prices push higher Wall Street opens flat ahead of Trump conference Inside Today World Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia Business Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Sports High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool Meet Nicol David, the Serena Williams of women's squash Nadal determined to fight against the pain Williams seeks Grand Slam greatness at Australian Open Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 It’s curtains for ‘World’s Greatest Show’ after 146 years No plans to digitise Fisher in future Star Wars films Artwalk pays homage to Little India’s heritage Glass shards to the face and having to dance without music About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 92 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Unions appeal DOT approval of Norwegian Air Unions representing 100,000 aviation workers have asked a federal appeals court to overturn the Transportation Department’s decision allowing Norwegian Air International to fly to and from the U.S. Post to Facebook Unions appeal DOT approval of Norwegian Air  Unions representing 100,000 aviation workers have asked a federal appeals court to overturn the Transportation Department’s decision allowing Norwegian Air International to fly to and from the U.S.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2is6QyT {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Unions appeal DOT approval of Norwegian Air Today in the Sky Bart Jansen , USA TODAY Published 10:00 a.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 | Updated 2:51 p.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 224 Shares A Norwegian Air jet is refueled.  (Photo: Creative Commons) Unions representing 100,000 aviation workers have asked a federal appeals court to overturn the Transportation Department’s decision allowing Norwegian Air International to fly to and from the U.S. The case filed Thursday at the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, which hears appeals of administration decisions, means the long-running dispute with Norwegian will continue a while longer. The AFL-CIO, Air Line Pilots Association, Allied Pilots Association, Association of Flight Attendants-CWA and Transportation Trades Department fought Norwegian since the airline applied for approval in December 2013. Norwegian Air International is a subsidiary of Norwegian Air Shuttle, one of the largest low-cost carriers in Europe. Unions contend the subsidiary is headquartered in Ireland to undermine labor standards, mirroring the "flag of convenience" strategy that shipping companies use by registering vessels in the least-regulated countries. The airline strongly denies this claim. USA TODAY DOT approves contested Norwegian Air flights The legal dispute centers on language in so-called Open Skies agreements that the U.S. negotiates with other countries to allow unhindered flights between them. The unions note that a provision in the agreement with the European Union states “opportunities created by the agreement are not intended to undermine labor standards.” “The administration’s decision to allow Norwegian Air International to operate in the U.S. is disappointing and undercuts key protections in place for working men and women,” AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka said. USA TODAY Delta optimistic Trump will deal with airports, Mideast rivals But the department ruled there was nothing in the Open Skies agreement to prevent approval of the application. “This case is among the most novel and complex ever undertaken by the department,” Jenny Rosenberg, acting assistant secretary for international affairs, wrote in the nine-page decision. “Regardless of our appreciation of the public policy arguments raised by opponents, we have been advised that the law and our bilateral obligations leave us no avenue to reject this application.” The department declined comment on the appeal because it is pending litigation. For its part, Norwegian has strongly objected to being characterized as cutting corners on safety or labor regulations. The airline contends it will benefit economies on both sides of the Atlantic by ordering $18.5 billion of Boeing aircraft and hiring hundreds of U.S. workers. Anders Lindström, a spokesman for Norwegian Air, called the appeal “a last-ditch effort to stop competition and new service.” But the airline looks forward to launching more flights between the U.S. and Europe, he said. “Other unions have also tried, unsuccessfully, to block similar DOT approvals,” Lindstrom said. “Norwegian remains confident that the D.C. Circuit will uphold DOT’s decision as fully consistent with DOT’s statutory obligations and international legal requirements.” USA TODAY WOW: $69 one-way fares to Europe now on sale IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn September's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A Boeing Dreamlifter takes off from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on Sept. 3, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A restored P-51 World War II fighter takes off for a flight demonstration at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 21, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Silhouetted by the setting sun, an American Airlines Boeing 757-200 taxis to the gate at SeaTac International in August 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A restored B17 World War II-era bomber takes off on a golden hour sortie from the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 20, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Celebrating German children's book author Janosch, a flying bear graces the side of a Condor Boeing 767-300. The livery helps support the German relief fund BILD hilft e.V. – A Heart for Children.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Condor Boeing 767-300 receives some tender loving care at the company maintenance hangar in Frankfurt on Sept. 17, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Korean Air's first 747-8i is seen ahead of a Aug. 25, 2015, delivery ceremony in Everett, Wash.  Boeing Fullscreen Chefs inside the China Pacific Catering facility outside of Taipei, Taiwan, assemble salads for business-class customers aboard China Airlines flights scheduled for Dec. 2, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Final touches complete, a chef inside the sprawling China Pacific Catering facility outside Taipei, Taiwan, shows off a finished first-class appetizer on Dec. 2, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Four T6 Texans with the Aeroshell aerobatic team perform for the crowds at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 20, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Returning from fighting a fire in northeastern Washington State, a DC-10 air tanker prepares to land in Moses Lake, Wash., on Aug. 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airbus' new A350 XWB passenger jet performs for thousands on July 22, 2015 at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Colors mix with angles on a vintage aircraft at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 20, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Repositioning for a fill-up of fire retardant, a Convair 580 taxis down the ramp at the US Forest Service Air Tanker Base in Moses Lake, Wash., on Aug. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Mechanics work on the engine of a Boeing 747 inside of China Airlines' sprawling maintenance hangar in Taoyuan, Taiwan, on Dec. 3, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Mooney Acclaim Type S rests on a rural Wisconsin airstrip as the sun sets on July 19, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Balancing on one wheel, a souped-up Agcat wows the crowd at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 21, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The waters of Lake Winnebago in eastern Wisconsin reflect on the aluminum wing of a restored Ford TriMotor on July 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The upgraded "Kosmo Suite" first-class seats on Korean Air's first Boeing 747-8i.  Boeing Fullscreen An extremely rare Beech Starship takes off for a flight display at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 21, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Mount Rainier creates a gorgeous scene from onboard an American Airlines Airbus A321 on Aug. 4, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Ready to depart on a red-eye flight to Miami, an American Airlines Boeing 737-800 is loaded with luggage at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Aug. 4, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Eagle Embraer 145 jet takes off from Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Aug. 5, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Its interior gutted to save weight, a DC-10 air tanker rests between firefighting sorties at the US Forest Service Air Tanker Base in Moses Lake, Wash., on Aug. 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Formerly a eco-test aircraft for Boeing, this former Delta Air Lines Boeing 757 is seen being scrapped at Moses Lake, Wash., on Aug. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A unique Bombardier water-scooping firefighter airplane returns to Grant County International Airport in Moses Lake, Wash., on Aug. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Suction hose deployed, an Erickson Air Crane firefighting helicopter takes on another load of water from Lake Chelan, destined for the nearby Chelan Complex fire burning in north-central Washington State on Aug. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's KC-46 tanker prototype returns to Boeing Field in Seattle after a test flight on Aug. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A small private Cessna takes off for an early evening flight at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 20, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A dishwasher inside the China Pacific Catering Services facility outside of Taipei, Taiwan, checks for smudges on Dec. 2, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2is6QyT Most Popular New RV trend: Lightweight camper trailers 875 Shares Where the Obamas dined during the 44th presidency 1.8k Shares First look: New Florida passenger train unveiled 11k Shares Alaska Airlines adds four routes from its Portland hub 309 Shares Best U.S. ski resorts for families 1.3k Shares Homeland nominee backs enhanced scrutiny of travelers overseas
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Politics Politics Elections Presidential Debates 2016 White House Congress Law Taxes Lockheed Martin CEO says company 'close to deal' on bringing down F-35 program costs Berkeley Lovelace Jr. | Jeff Daniels Friday, 13 Jan 2017 | 1:45 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Lockheed called to Trump Tower. Now what?    Friday, 13 Jan 2017 | 2:04 PM ET | 01:46 Lockheed Martin CEO Marillyn Hewson said on Friday the aerospace company is "close to a deal" to bring down the cost of its F-35 program following repeated criticisms from President-elect Donald Trump. "I certainly share [Trump's] views that we need to get the best capability to our men and women in uniform. And we need to get it at the lowest possible price," Hewson told reporters on Friday after a meeting at Trump Tower. "I'm glad I had an opportunity to tell him that we are close to a deal that will bring the cost down significantly from the previous lot of aircraft for the next lot of aircraft," she said. "And, moreover, it's going to bring a lot of jobs to the United States. In fact, we're going to increase our jobs in Fort Worth by 1,800 jobs." Hewson's discussions with Trump mark her second such meeting. Trump has been critical of Lockheed's programs' delays and costs. In December, Trump said via Twitter that "billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases" once he takes office in January. During his press conference Wednesday, Trump criticized the F-35 program again and even suggested Boeing's F-18 fighter could be an alternative. "It's way, way behind schedule and many billions of dollars over budget," he said. "There's an attempt here to come to some sort of reconciliation (with Lockheed)," said Richard Safran, Buckingham Research Group director of equity research. He said there's "an expectation or hope on Lockheed's side that they can get the cost down similar to what Boeing promised for the F-18." The analyst said Trump's "heart seems to be in the right place to save taxpayer's money." Safran suggested one way to perhaps save money is to do a multiyear procurement on the F-35 instead of the current low-rate initial production lots. Indeed, if the government were to agree to a large block buy on the F-35 fighter it could change the economics of the aircraft's costs. Analysts say a large block buy could give Lockheed the chance to do a better deal with its partner contractors and supply base through a commitment of several years of production. Since his election, Trump has focused on defense costs. His comments have led to volatility in industry stocks such as Boeing and Lockheed. "This is just classic political posturing on both sides," said Moody's analyst Russell Solomon, who covers the aerospace and defense industry. "It won't have a discernible adverse impact on the company. But it's an indication that everything is in negotiation these days." Added Solomon, "The F-35 is critically important to the country in terms of global defense and NATO partners. A lot of interested parties here in making sure that this program continues and continues to grow as expected so that they can get the operating efficiencies that they've committed to." In a written statement issued after her meeting, Hewson said: "I look forward to continuing to work together with President-elect Trump to drive the costs down on this critical military capability." Hewson said the meeting with Trump was "outstanding" and plans to create "thousands and thousands" of jobs. She also said she gave the president-elect ideas on how to drive the program's cost down further. Lockheed has an earnings call coming up later this month and they will likely get asked by analysts about the outlook for the F-35 given Trump's recent criticism. "The question now is going to be what's your relationship with the president-elect and his transition team," said Safran. According to Safran, Lockheed's CEO has "a very good reputation within government circles. She has very good negotiating skills." Hewson inherited some of the problems with the F-35 from her predecessor. "She had to do a good job of smoothing over some ruffled feathers," Safran said. The F-35 stealth fighter program is expected to cost more than $1 trillion over its projected 55-year life cycle. Lockheed said Wednesday it delivered the 200th operational jet of the F-35 to Japan, one of the nine original partner nations buying the aircraft. Berkeley Lovelace Jr.News Associate Jeff DanielsCoordinating Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change LMT --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Airbus vs Boeing: Iran deals the difference in plane battle By Reuters Published: 13:46 EST, 13 January 2017 | Updated: 13:46 EST, 13 January 2017 e-mail By Tim Hepher PARIS, Jan 13 (Reuters) - Over the past two decades, planemakers Airbus and Boeing have traded the crown in the annual orders race, and it was usually clear who had bragging rights in the fiercely competitive $120 billion annual jet market. On Wednesday, Airbus retained the top spot when it said it had recorded a total of 731 net orders for 2016, beating Boeing's tally of 668 for the year released a week ago. Standing out as the unusual kingmaker between the two Western giants is Iran, emerging from decades of sanctions to place billions of dollars of new orders. Because of fragile demand elsewhere, its comeback carries unusual weight. While Airbus included all but two of the 100 aircraft it sold to Iran last year, its American arch-rival did not include the 80 aircraft it sold to the country. It is unclear why Airbus formally reported Iranian orders while Boeing did not, and what criteria were used by each company in making their decisions. Airbus is further ahead in the sales process; Iran took delivery of its first Airbus jet on Wednesday, while Boeing's planes will be delivered from 2018. Neither planemaker gave any immediate comment when contacted by Reuters. A source close to Boeing said there was some bemusement at the U.S. planemaker as to why Airbus was able to book all of their Iranian orders. Airbus sources, who declined to be named, said the company's year-end numbers had been strictly audited. Analysts say decisions on whether to formally report such orders in annual tallies would depend partly on the status of the U.S. export licences needed by both companies due to their heavy reliance on U.S. parts. People close to the deals say that while both big jetmakers have received U.S. export licences for sales to Iran, only some of them cover the whole delivery period running until 2028. Both companies must apply for extensions for part of their orders. Industry sources say the same contractual conditions applied to both companies. Even though Boeing lost the headline order battle, analysts say it may ultimately benefit from lagging Airbus in the Iranian sales process if it can use its rival's presence in the country to make the case for its own deal to go through, in the face of U.S. Republican political opposition. During his election campaign, President-elect Donald Trump was critical of the international nuclear deal that led to the lifting of sanctions on Iran. The Iranian orders offer valuable respite from a slowdown in demand for both planemakers, with their combined new orders falling below deliveries for the first time since 2009. Boeing posted a book-to-bill ratio of 0.89 for 2016. This would be at exactly 1 if the Iranian deal were included, with 748 orders and just as many deliveries, company data shows. Airbus would fall below that threshold without the Iran order. Analysts said such margins show how relatively thin orders have become after a decade of mostly rampant growth, coinciding with growing indicators that the aerospace cycle is weakening. Airbus sales chief John Leahy warned this week orders would stay weak in 2017, but said deliveries which drive profits would continue to grow for some time on the back of older sales. (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Pravin Char) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Hate Checking Your Portfolio? Try These 3 Stocks Boeing, Home Depot, and Walgreens are stocks for people with better things to do than constantly look at their portfolios. Rich Duprey (TMFCop) Jan 13, 2017 at 12:46PM When it comes to your portfolio, you might not want to follow the advice of the old infomercial to "set it and forget it," but you also don't want to be checking in on your stock's performance obsessively. Following the daily up and down movements of a stock leads to trading in and out of a position -- and that usually leads to losing money. Image source: Getty Images. A better strategy might just be to fill your portfolio with companies whose businesses have healthy, long-term growth prospects that allow you to put them mostly on autopilot, knowing they'll largely treat you right over the long haul. If investing in businesses and not blips on a chart makes sense to you, then take a look at Boeing (NYSE:BA), Home Depot (NYSE:HD), and Walgreens Boots Alliance (NASDAQ:WBA), as they should treat you right over the years. A good offense is having a great defense Aerospace and defense contractor Boeing came in for some pointed criticism recently from President-elect Donald Trump over the cost of two 747-8s that will serve as Air Force One. Saying he wanted Boeing to make money -- just "not that much money" -- Trump threatened to cancel the order. While that was likely more an idle threat, since canceling a contract for a plane that has no ready replacement isn't practical, Boeing wisely said it was willing to work with the president-elect on costs. Military aircraft comprise around 14% of Boeing's total revenues, and it's possible it could become a larger percentage if the administration follows through on its promise to rebuild the military, albeit with tighter cost controls in place. Image source: Boeing. Boeing's real moneymaker, of course, is commercial aircraft, which represents more than two-thirds of its revenues, and 2017 is looking as though it could be a record year for deliveries. Although it hit its target for deliveries last year, it came up a little short on orders, which some analysts think may portend an industry slowdown. But Boeing is seeing 737 production rise this year, growing from 42 planes a month to 47, its highest production level ever. It has a total backlog of over 5,700 commercial jets, more than three-quarters of which are 737s. Though Boeing may see 777 production decline, it should be able to soldier on through any period of sluggishness with these workhorse planes to maintain altitude. Building on success There are a few reasons why do-it-yourself home center Home Depot is beating rival Lowe's (NYSE:LOW). It's geared more toward the professional contractor than its blue-apron competitor, so when homebuilding and construction improves, as it has, Home Depot performs better. Equally important is that it's not as dependent upon big-ticket purchases as Lowe's. Where items like appliances account for 11% of Lowe's revenues, they amount to just 7% at Home Depot. Instead, it derives most of its sales from numerous small-item purchases: indoor garden represents 9% of total revenues (it's largest category) followed by paint, at 8%. That's a more sustainable model for the long term. Image source: Home Depot. Even though the two big-box stores have fairly similar store counts, Home Depot makes more sales per store than does Lowe's, generates more than twice the operating profit, and three times the net profit. While it also has considerably more long-term debt -- $22 billion vs. $14 billion -- its operations indicate it's more than able to service it without issue. Home Depot has had some ups and downs, but the long-running trend has been ever-higher valuations. With analysts expecting it to grow earnings at 13% annually over the next five years, there's no reason to think it won't keep the momentum going. Health and wellness pays With approval of its acquisition of rival Rite-Aid imminent, Walgreens Boots Alliance should continue to perform better than rival CVS Health (NYSE:CVS), which has experienced difficulties in gaining traction and saw its stock lose 10% of its value over the past year. Walgreens didn't set any records itself, but its shares gained 4% during the same period. Image source: Getty Images. Its fiscal first-quarter results saw domestic retail pharmacy sales rise 1.4%, with comparable sales up 1.1%. Pharmacy sales account for 69% of the division's total, and they rose 2.5% from last year as it filled 3.4% more prescriptions than it did a year ago. Its market share in the period for retail prescriptions rose 40 basis points, to 19.5%. Walgreens is expecting profits to jump in the back half of 2017 because it negotiated new deals last year to manage pharmacy benefits on behalf of major insurers and the U.S. government. Higher Medicare Part D volume was partially responsible for its better performance in the first quarter, but it recently signed a deal with the Defense Dept.'s Tricare plans that exclude CVS pharmacies, which will help it maintain its position as the biggest drugstore chain in the country. Find more important things to do These three stocks are great examples of businesses that can be owned without needing to be "helicopter investors," or people who constantly hover over their portfolios. Sure, read through a company's quarterly reports to make sure the long-term investment thesis remains intact, but then use the rest of your time to find other, more meaningful pursuits.   Rich Duprey has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends CVS Health and Home Depot. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Duprey (TMFCop) Rich has been a Fool since 1998 and writing for the site since 2004. After 20 years of patrolling the mean streets of suburbia, he hung up his badge and gun to take up a pen full time. Having made the streets safe for Truth, Justice and Krispy Kreme donuts, he now patrols the markets looking for companies he can lock up as long-term holdings in a portfolio. So follow me on Facebook and Twitter for the most important industry news in retail and consumer products and other great stories. Follow @RetlInvstrsWire Google+ Article Info Jan 13, 2017 at 12:46PM Consumer Goods Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $158.83 up $0.54 (0.34%) Walgreens Boots Alliance NASDAQ:WBA $83.82 down $0.10 (-0.12%) Lowe's NYSE:LOW $72.15 up $0.57 (0.80%) CVS Health NYSE:CVS $81.98 down $0.62 (-0.75%) Home Depot NYSE:HD $135.04 down $0.03 (-0.02%) Read More 9 Key Numbers From Home Depot Inc.'s Third Quarter 2 Ways Home Depot Inc. Just Trounced Rival Lowe's 2 Top Retail Stocks to Buy A Close Look at Home Depot Inc's Dividend Will 2017 Be Home Depot Inc.'s Best Year Yet? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Hate Checking Your Portfolio? Try These 3 Stocks #stocks $BA, $WBA, $LOW, $CVS, $HD
Co-sponsor Associate Sponsors Firstpost . Monday, January 16, 2017 Latest E-book Switch to हिन्दी NewsTracker Election dates announced for UP, Goa, Uttarakhand, Punjab, Manipur polls Front Page Politics Goa Assembly election 2017: Congress releases second list of candidates Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2017: EC may give order on SP symbol dispute on Monday Nitish Kumar should take responsibility for boat tragedy in Sabbalpur diara: Sushil Modi Punjab Election 2017: Harsimrat Kaur Badal alleges 'secret seat-sharing arrangement' between AAP, Congress Punjab election 2017: Sukhbir asks Sidhu why he was missing from state for seven months Delhi: Manoj Tiwari announces team, Shazia Ilmi, Kamaljeet Sehrawat get berth in BJP executive Sports Premier League: Manchester City thrashed by Everton, Zlatan Ibrahimovic rescues Manchester United India vs England, 1st ODI Highlights: Hosts win by 3 wickets; go 1-0 up in the series India vs England, 1st ODI: Virat Kohli, Kedar Jadhav's efforts hailed by Twitterati India vs England: Virat Kohli breaks Sachin Tendulkar's record in 1st match as full-time ODI captain India vs England, 1st ODI: Virat Kohli, Kedar Jadhav tons help hosts pull off stunning chase N Srinivasan to meet district secretaries amid speculation over his successor as TNCA chief India Panel recommends reservation for girls in IITs to deal with low number of female students Arun Jaitley looks to break deadlock at GST meeting today Learning from BSF, CRPF video incidents: Leave our armed forces personnel alone Demonetisation fallout: Hit hard by note ban, realty sector awaits 'white money' buyers Box Office: 'Hidden Figures' Prevails as 'Monster Trucks,' Ben Affleck's 'Live by Night' Bomb | Reuters West Bengal: Stampede at Gangasagar kills six; PM Modi announces ex-gratia of Rs 2 lakh World Watch: Canadian PM Justin Trudeau wishing Tamilians 'Happy Thai Pongal' Washington's infrastructure mess presents opportunity to Donald Trump administration Benjamin Netanyahu slams 'futile' Paris conference on efforts to revive Israel-Palestine peace process Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte threatens martial law to tackle drug problem German passenger flight from Oman lands in Kuwait over bomb threat Donald Trump attacks civil rights icon John Lewis on Twitter, critics hit back Business Public sector banks may get more than Rs 25,000 cr govt capital this week Arun Jaitley looks to break deadlock at GST meeting today Petrol price up by 42 paise a litre, diesel Rs 1.03 Amazon's tricolour doormat: On Twitter, Shaktikanta Das warns company not to be 'flippant' Finance ministry insists it respects RBI's independence and autonomy Demonetisation: With polls round the corner, Budget may have a few sops for devastated weavers Life Travel longer, for lesser: How we prepared to become full time travellers Beijing travel diary: Playing charades with strangers; visiting the Great Wall, tea houses Why I run: Four marathoners on what drives them to go the distance; before SCMM 2017 Spot the irony: Patanjali's new product 'Gonyle' is a floor cleaner, which contains cow urine Scientists identify biomarker that may predict depression in pregnant women Delhi Book Fair 2017: The Indian Publisher seems to be pursuing buyers, not readers Entertainment Best Indian Films 2016: Thithi, Visaranai and others prove small can be big, beautiful, bold Koffee with Karan season 5: Kareena, Sonam make an entertaining episode 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards 2017: See Alia Bhatt, Sidharth Malhotra's red carpet style Jio Filmfare Awards 2017: Aamir Khan, Alia Bhatt, Dangal win top honours Rishi Kapoor looks back on a life in the movies in Khullam Khulla: But is it really 'Uncensored'? The Batman Lego Movie might be DC's chance at redemption after Batman vs Superman Photos Videos Budget 2017 TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी You are here: Latest News Politics News SpiceJet plots expansion with order for 100 new Boeing planes | Reuters Reuters Jan, 13 2017 17:13:30 IST By Aditi Shah and Tommy Wilkes | NEW DELHI NEW DELHI Indian budget airline SpiceJet said on Friday it has agreed to acquire 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, as part of its expansion plans in the world's fastest growing aviation market.The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the U.S. company's only major customer among the budget carriers now dominating the country's air industry."This is an extremely competitive market," Ajay Singh, SpiceJet's chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi."What this aircraft order does is enhance our ability to be competitive in the future as it helps us reduce costs," said Singh, whose airline has about 13 percent of the Indian passenger market, while market leader IndiGo has 40 percent.SpiceJet, which was briefly forced to ground its fleet in late 2014 when it ran out of cash, is the fourth-largest Indian airline behind InterGlobe Aviation's IndiGo, Jet Airways and state-run Air India.Asia, especially India, is a key market for planemakers, with analysts expecting Indian passenger numbers to more than triple over the next 20 years as millions more people become wealthy enough to fly for the first time.Combined, local airlines like IndiGo, as well as GoAir, have already ordered hundreds of new planes from Airbus. Graphic - Boeing aircraft deliveries reut.rs/2j7qSxc Meanwhile Boeing estimates India will need 1,850 new aircraft worth $265 billion by 2036 to meet demand for air travel. SpiceJet said altogether it has signed a deal to acquire up to 205 planes from Boeing, worth up to $22 billion at list prices, but that total includes 55 jets already announced in a 2014 deal and the possible follow-on order of 50 more. A source familiar with the deal had said on Thursday that SpiceJet was set to announce an order for as many as 100 new planes. Boeing had already reported an order for 100 737 MAX jets from an unidentified customer that counted as part of its 2016 tally, and on Friday confirmed that order to be SpiceJet's. Shares in SpiceJet rose as much as 3 percent on Friday. LOW-COST LONG HAUL? SpiceJet, which has a current fleet of more than 40 planes, will take delivery of the first of its new jets in the third quarter of 2018, Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president of Asia Pacific & India Sales at Boeing, told reporters. The carrier is expected to have secured a hefty discount from the aircraft list prices, as is common with large orders."As part of this transaction they (Boeing) have not only been kind enough to give us good commercial terms but have worked hard to reduce the maintenance cost of the fleet going forward," said Singh.He said he was weighing up various options for financing the new purchase, including sale and leaseback, but he ruled out issuing more debt or raising equity to pay for the planes. The new aircraft increases the range of SpiceJet's flights by up to one hour, opening up many more destinations, including international ones, Singh told reporters.He said the additional acquisition rights also include an option to buy wide-body aircraft for long haul journeys as the airline considers launching low-cost long distance flights. Most Indian carriers have returned to profitability in recent years, thanks in part to lower fuel costs, but challenges remain as carriers struggle to translate surging demand into sustainable profits because of cut-throat competition and high running costs. (Reporting by Aditi Shah; Writing by Tommy Wilkes; Editing by Randy Fabi, Greg Mahlich) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. Top Stories Amazon's tricolour doormat: On Twitter, Shaktikanta Das warns company not to be 'flippant' N Chandrasekaran's Elevation Leaves TCS Investors Worried Sushma Swaraj vs Amazon: Not the first display of insubstantial nationalism India vs England, 1st ODI: Virat Kohli, Kedar Jadhav tons help hosts pull off stunning chase Reaching 40? You can still start planning your retirement Navjot Singh Sidhu joins Congress, meets Rahul Gandhi, ahead of Punjab Assembly election 2017 Koffee with Karan season 5: Kareena, Sonam make an entertaining episode Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 NED Vs OMN Netherlands beat Oman by 5 wickets England in India, 3 ODI Series, 2016/17 IND Vs ENG India beat England by 3 wickets Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 AUS Vs PAK Pakistan beat Australia by 6 wickets Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 AFG Vs IRE Afghanistan beat Ireland by 5 wickets Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 HK Vs SCO Scotland beat Hong Kong by 24 runs Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 AUS Vs PAK Australia beat Pakistan by 92 runs Sri Lanka in South Africa, 3 Test Series, 2016/17 SA Vs SL South Africa beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 118 runs Bangladesh in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2017 NZ Vs BAN Live Now Bangladesh in New Zealand, 3 T20I Series, 2017 NZ Vs BAN New Zealand beat Bangladesh by 27 runs Bangladesh in New Zealand, 3 T20I Series, 2017 NZ Vs BAN New Zealand beat Bangladesh by 47 runs Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 HK vs OMN - Jan 16th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 UAE vs AFG - Jan 16th, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 NED vs SCO - Jan 17th, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 UAE vs IRE - Jan 18th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 HK vs NED - Jan 18th, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 AUS vs PAK - Jan 19th, 2017, 08:50 AM IST England in India, 3 ODI Series, 2016/17 IND vs ENG - Jan 19th, 2017, 01:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 OMN vs SCO - Jan 19th, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Bangladesh in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jan 20th, 2017, 03:30 AM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 TBC vs TBC - Jan 20th, 2017, 11:30 AM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Budget 2014 Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Think India Budget 2014 Weather Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of use Privacy
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Name that airport ... Here is this week's "name that airport" photo.  Post to Facebook Name that airport ... Here is this week's "name that airport" photo.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jF0c66 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 11 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Name that airport ... Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY 12:12 p.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 42 Shares Name that airport ...  (Photo: Name that airport ...) Here is this week's "name that airport" photo. If you think you can identify the photo, submit your guess by clicking the comment link and typing your answer there. BOOKMARK: Go directly to the Today in the Sky homepage USA TODAY Photo tour: Planespotting at San Francisco International (SFO) Check back on Wednesday after noon ET to see the answer. Good luck! Do you have a photo you'd like to submit for our "name that airport" series? You can email it to todaysky (-at-) gmail.com for consideration. Please be sure to include your name and city of residence along with and acknowledgment that you have taken the picture yourself. And know that we cannot respond to every e-mail. Thanks! LAST WEEK: Malta PREVIOUS WEEK: Santo Domingo, Domincan Republic PRIOR WEEKS: Rome | Asheville, N.C. | Billund, Denmark | Midland/Saginaw/Bay City (MBS), Mich.  | Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands | Amsterdam | Jacksonville, N.C. | Dallas/Fort Worth | Skiathos, Greece | Barrow, Alaska | Baltimore/Washington (BWI) | Kangerlussuaq, Greenland | Hartford, Conn. | Barbados | San Jose, Costa Rica | Prague | Vancouver, Canada | Ithaca, N.Y. | Belize City | Gulfport/Biloxi, Miss. | Houston Bush Intercontinental | Toronto Billy Bishop (Island Airport) | Glasgow, Scotland | Kraków, Poland | Newark Liberty | Ontario, Calif. | Cusco, Peru | Doha, Qatar | Kansas City | Pensacola, Fla. | Florence, Italy | Windsor, Canada | Washington Dulles | Hobbs, N.M. | Yangon, Myanmar | Orlando | Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands | Pullman, Wash. | Columbus, Ohio | Reykjavik, Iceland | Tucson, Ariz. | Philadelphia | Denver | Baghdad, Iraq | Key West, Fla. | San Salvador, El Salvador | Dayton, Ohio | Rochester, N.Y. | Birmingham Ala | Lagos, Nigeria | Reno | Chicago O'Hare | Savannah, Ga. | Los Angeles (LAX) | Nantucket, Mass.  | Bora Bora, French Polynesia | Honolulu | Melbourne, Fla. | Syracuse, N.Y. | Galapagos Islands USA TODAY What's it like to refuel fighter jets mid-air? A rare up-close look FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Ride along on a fighter jet refueling flight  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. An F-16 fighter jet approaches the refueling boom during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Air Force KC-135 aerial refueling jets rest on a sweltering tarmac at Nellis Air Force Base near Las Vegas prior to a training mission on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Force KC-135 aerial refueling jet rests on a sweltering tarmac at Nellis Air Force Base near Las Vegas prior to a training mission on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boom operator Technical Sgt. Jeremy Pratt climbs aboard a KC-135 aerial refueling jet at Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada prior to a mission.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Capts. Jesus Beltran, left, and Neil Brinkworth, right, taxi the jet out for departure at Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Gauges on the flight deck monitor how much fuel the KC-135 is presently carrying for a mission on July 22, 2016, over Nevada.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-16 fighter jet with the U.S. Air Force approaches the refueling boom during a training mission on Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-16 fighter jet with the U.S. Air Force approaches the refueling boom during a training mission on Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-16 fighter jet approaches the refueling boom during a training mission on Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Having established a link, gas flows through the refueling boom into a waiting F-16 fighter jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-16 fighter jet approaches a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-16 fighter jet approaches a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The pilot of a U.S. Air Force F-22 Raptor fighter jet keeps a close eye on the KC-135 refueling jet as he approaches the boom during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-22 fighter jet approaches a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-22 fighter jet disengages with a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Gauges in the refueling pod provide critical information to the boom operator aboard a U.S. Air Force KC-135 Stratotanker, seen during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Force F-16 fighter jet receives fuel from a KC-135 Stratotanker during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-16 fighter jet flies below a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Force F-16 fighter jet receives fuel from a KC-135 Stratotanker during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Force F-16 fighter jet receives fuel from a KC-135 Stratotanker during a training mission over Nevada over July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Force F-16 fighter jet receives fuel from a KC-135 Stratotanker during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-16 fighter jet with the U.S. Air Force approaches the refueling boom during a training mission on Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-22 fighter jet with the U.S. Air Force approaches a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Having established a link, gas flows through the refueling boom into a waiting F-22 fighter jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-22 fighter jet approaches a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-16 fighter jet approaches a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Las Vegas Strip appears on the horizon as the crew of a U.S. Air Force KC-135 line up the runway at Nellis Air Force Base following a training mission on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Capt. Neil Brinkworth throttles up the number-three engine during pre-departure checks aboard a U.S. Air Force KC-135 aerial refueling jet on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A U.S. Air Force KC-135 Stratotanker lifts off from Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada to take part in a training mission on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Runway rushes by as a KC-135 Stratotanker with the U.S. Air Force, filled with 120,000 pounds of gas, takes off from Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada for a training mission on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-16 fighter jet approaches a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-16 fighter jet approaches a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Capt. Neil Brinkworth, left, hand-flies KC-135 aerial refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The vast, barren landscape of the Nevada desert spreads as far as the eye can see from the flight deck of a KC-135 Stratotanker on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boom operator Technical Sgt. Jeremy Pratt maneuvers the jet's aerial refueling boom into position during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A U.S. Air Force F-22 fighter jet receives fuel from a KC-135 Stratotanker during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boom operator Technical Sgt. Jeremy Pratt refuels an F-16 fighter jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A U.S. Air Force F-22 fighter jet receives fuel from a KC-135 Stratotanker during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A U.S. Air Force F-22 fighter jet receives fuel from a KC-135 Stratotanker during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / Special Fullscreen An F-22 fighter jet approaches a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / Special Fullscreen Boom operator Technical Sgt. Jeremy Pratt maneuvers the jet's aerial refueling boom into position via a joystick during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Fighter jets, including the F-16 and F-22, wait their turn for gas off the wing of a U.S. Air Force KC-135 Stratotanker during a training mission over` Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A U.S. Air Force F-22 fighter jet receives fuel from a KC-135 Stratotanker during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-22 fighter jet approaches a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission on Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Capt. Neil Brinkworth checks the engines of his KC-135 Stratotanker following the completion of a training mission in Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 45 2 of 45 3 of 45 4 of 45 5 of 45 6 of 45 7 of 45 8 of 45 9 of 45 10 of 45 11 of 45 12 of 45 13 of 45 14 of 45 15 of 45 16 of 45 17 of 45 18 of 45 19 of 45 20 of 45 21 of 45 22 of 45 23 of 45 24 of 45 25 of 45 26 of 45 27 of 45 28 of 45 29 of 45 30 of 45 31 of 45 32 of 45 33 of 45 34 of 45 35 of 45 36 of 45 37 of 45 38 of 45 39 of 45 40 of 45 41 of 45 42 of 45 43 of 45 44 of 45 45 of 45 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn September's #avgeek photo gallery (2016)  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The final rays of sunshine settle on the upper half of Mount Rainier as a restored Beech Model 18 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in August of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A new Japan Airlines Boeing 787-9 holds short of the runway while a massive Volga Dnepr Antonov 124 cargo plane lands at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on Aug. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Prime Air, Amazon's newest venture in e-commerce and its breakout into the world of air freight, takes flight during Seattle's Seafair festival and airshow on Aug. 6, 2016, at Boeing Field.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing airplanes line a company ramp at Boeing Field in Seattle in August of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Prime Air, Amazon's newest venture in e-commerce and its breakout into the world of air freight, takes flight during Seattle's Seafair festival and airshow on Aug. 6, 2016, at Boeing Field.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The U.S. Navy Blue Angels perform over Seattle on Aug. 6, 2016, during the city's annual Seafair festival.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737 MAX 8 rockets out of Boeing Field in Seattle on a test flight in August 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A restored World War II-era Grumman Bearcat with Historic Flight Foundation runs up its engine prior to performing in Seattle's annual Seafair festival on Aug. 7, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The U.S. Navy Blue Angels perform over Seattle on Aug. 6, 2016, during the city's annual Seafair festival.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The U.S. Navy Blue Angels perform over Seattle on Aug. 6, 2016, during the city's annual Seafair festival.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The warm orange hues of a summer sunset envelope an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun sets over the Olympic mountain range as an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxis to its gate at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A FedEx Feeder Cessna 208 Caravan lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 22, 2016, to drop off its load of cargo.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A 1969 Cessna 172 Skyhawk lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Clouds obscure the view of the ground over northern Canada as a Delta Air Lines Airbus A330 transits to Amsterdam on Aug. 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers make their way through the recently renovated Lounge 2 at Amsterdam's Schiphol Airport in August of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airplanes from around the world line up along a terminal at Amsterdam Schiphol International Airport in August of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The city of Amsterdam is seen from a KLM Embraer 190 as it takes off on Aug. 26, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The expansive Terminal 2 check-in lounge at Frankfurt am Main International Airport, seen on Aug. 26, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun rises over Frankfurt, Germany, as a Lufthansa Boeing 747-8i lands on Aug. 27, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lufthansa Airbus A320 departs from Frankfurt Airport in Germany on Aug. 26, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Frankfurt Airport's newly renovated observation deck, seen on Aug. 27, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Green fields and small towns stretch out across the Dutch countryside as a KLM Fokker 70 works its way toward Amsterdam Schiphol International Airport on Aug. 27, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Home-style furniture and live trees provide a relaxing respite from international travel at Amsterdam Schiphol's renovated Terminal 2 transit lounge, seen during a tour on Aug. 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers mull over a myriad of cheese options to take home at a shop in Amsterdam Airport Schiphol on Aug. 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Plane spotters try to find an exciting catch from Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's observation deck on Aug. 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers pass through a KLM check-in area at Amsterdam Schiphol on Aug. 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Amsterdam Schiphol uses several luggage-stacking robots to load baggage carts, seen during a tour of the facility on Aug. 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen KLM tails await their next adventure at the gate at Amsterdam Schiphol airport on Aug. 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The bright purple livery of Icelandic carrier WOW Air easily sticks out as the jet taxis for take-off from Amsterdam Schiphol on Aug. 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A couple enjoys a picnic as an easyJet Airbus plane lands at Amsterdam Schiphol on Aug. 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airplane spotters snap away as a KLM Cargo Boeing 747 lands at Amsterdam Schiphol on Aug. 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 33 2 of 33 3 of 33 4 of 33 5 of 33 6 of 33 7 of 33 8 of 33 9 of 33 10 of 33 11 of 33 12 of 33 13 of 33 14 of 33 15 of 33 16 of 33 17 of 33 18 of 33 19 of 33 20 of 33 21 of 33 22 of 33 23 of 33 24 of 33 25 of 33 26 of 33 27 of 33 28 of 33 29 of 33 30 of 33 31 of 33 32 of 33 33 of 33 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jF0c66 Most Popular New RV trend: Lightweight camper trailers 875 Shares Where the Obamas dined during the 44th presidency 1.8k Shares First look: New Florida passenger train unveiled 11k Shares Alaska Airlines adds four routes from its Portland hub 309 Shares Best U.S. ski resorts for families 1.3k Shares Homeland nominee backs enhanced scrutiny of travelers overseas
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Intense cold in Delhi Amarinder complains to EC against Punjab Chief Secretary Business Standard SpiceJet strikes Rs 1.5 L cr deal with Boeing for 205 aircraft Press Trust of India  |  New Delhi  January 13, 2017 Last Updated at 19:57 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UScxCO ALSO READ SpiceJet proposes up to Rs 15 cr annual pay for Ajay Singh SpiceJet may add 8 aircraft to its fleet this fiscal Single judge order on share dispute erroneous: Spicejet to HC SpiceJet Q2 profit jumps to Rs 59 cr; 100-plane order soon Govt can look at options other than levy to fund RCS: SpiceJet In one of the largest deals in the fast-growing Indian aviation sector, SpiceJet will buy up to 205 new aircraft from Boeing with the order valued at Rs 1,50,000 crore. The multi-billion dollar deal struck after long-drawn discussions will see the airline buying more fuel-efficient 155 Boeing planes, with the delivery slated to start from 2018. With the earlier order for 55 planes and additional 100 new 737-8 MAX aircraft, the no-frills carrier now has firmed up order for a total of 155 planes. SpiceJet will also have the rights to purchase 50 more aircraft comprising B737-8 MAX and wide-bodied ones -- the latter likely to be used for possible "low-cost long haul" operations in future. Announcing the deal here today, SpiceJet Chairman and Managing Director Ajay Singh said the total order of 205 aircraft is valued at Rs 1,50,000 crore (USD 22 billion). "This is one of the largest deals in Indian aviation and the largest for SpiceJet," he said. Currently, the budget carrier has 32 next generation B737s and 17 Bombardier Q400s. In less than a month, this is the second big announcement after rival GoAir firmed up the order for 72 new planes from Airbus that is estimated to be worth over Rs 52,000 crore amid the domestic market growing at the fastest pace in the world. According to Singh, SpiceJet will explore different options for financing the deal. Singh said the induction of the new aircraft, which burn 20 per cent less fuel, will help SpiceJet reduce costs and enhance its ability to compete. After being on the verge of going belly up two years ago, the airline has been in the black for the past seven straight quarters. Delivery of the 155 new planes will start from the third quarter of 2018 and end in 2024. Boeing's Senior Vice-President Sales (Asia Pacific and India) Dinesh Keskar put the cost of the 100 new aircraft at around USD 11 billion. As part of the deal, SpiceJet in collaboration with Boeing will set up a simulator facility -- which is expected to be ready in 2018 -- for pilot training. Incidentally, aviation regulator DGCA has mandated domestic airlines having more than 20 planes to ensure that they have at least one simulator facility in the country. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | Spicejet | Ajay Singh | Ajay PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? SpiceJet strikes Rs 1.5 L cr deal with Boeing for 205 aircraft In one of the largest deals in the fast-growing Indian aviation sector, SpiceJet will buy up to 205 new aircraft from Boeing with the order valued at Rs 1,50,000 crore. The multi-billion dollar deal struck after long-drawn discussions will see the airline buying more fuel-efficient 155 Boeing planes, with the delivery slated to start from 2018. With the earlier order for 55 planes and additional 100 new 737-8 MAX aircraft, the no-frills carrier now has firmed up order for a total of 155 planes. SpiceJet will also have the rights to purchase 50 more aircraft comprising B737-8 MAX and wide-bodied ones -- the latter likely to be used for possible "low-cost long haul" operations in future. Announcing the deal here today, SpiceJet Chairman and Managing Director Ajay Singh said the total order of 205 aircraft is valued at Rs 1,50,000 crore (USD 22 billion). "This is one of the largest deals in Indian aviation and the largest for SpiceJet," he said. Currently, the budget carrier has ... In one of the largest deals in the fast-growing Indian aviation sector, SpiceJet will buy up to 205 new aircraft from Boeing with the order valued at Rs 1,50,000 crore. The multi-billion dollar deal struck after long-drawn discussions will see the airline buying more fuel-efficient 155 Boeing planes, with the delivery slated to start from 2018. With the earlier order for 55 planes and additional 100 new 737-8 MAX aircraft, the no-frills carrier now has firmed up order for a total of 155 planes. SpiceJet will also have the rights to purchase 50 more aircraft comprising B737-8 MAX and wide-bodied ones -- the latter likely to be used for possible "low-cost long haul" operations in future. Announcing the deal here today, SpiceJet Chairman and Managing Director Ajay Singh said the total order of 205 aircraft is valued at Rs 1,50,000 crore (USD 22 billion). "This is one of the largest deals in Indian aviation and the largest for SpiceJet," he said. Currently, the budget carrier has 32 next generation B737s and 17 Bombardier Q400s. In less than a month, this is the second big announcement after rival GoAir firmed up the order for 72 new planes from Airbus that is estimated to be worth over Rs 52,000 crore amid the domestic market growing at the fastest pace in the world. According to Singh, SpiceJet will explore different options for financing the deal. Singh said the induction of the new aircraft, which burn 20 per cent less fuel, will help SpiceJet reduce costs and enhance its ability to compete. After being on the verge of going belly up two years ago, the airline has been in the black for the past seven straight quarters. Delivery of the 155 new planes will start from the third quarter of 2018 and end in 2024. Boeing's Senior Vice-President Sales (Asia Pacific and India) Dinesh Keskar put the cost of the 100 new aircraft at around USD 11 billion. As part of the deal, SpiceJet in collaboration with Boeing will set up a simulator facility -- which is expected to be ready in 2018 -- for pilot training. Incidentally, aviation regulator DGCA has mandated domestic airlines having more than 20 planes to ensure that they have at least one simulator facility in the country. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 SpiceJet strikes Rs 1.5 L cr deal with Boeing for 205 aircraft In one of the largest deals in the fast-growing Indian aviation sector, SpiceJet will buy up to 205 new aircraft from Boeing with the order valued at Rs 1,50,000 crore. The multi-billion dollar deal struck after long-drawn discussions will see the airline buying more fuel-efficient 155 Boeing planes, with the delivery slated to start from 2018. With the earlier order for 55 planes and additional 100 new 737-8 MAX aircraft, the no-frills carrier now has firmed up order for a total of 155 planes. SpiceJet will also have the rights to purchase 50 more aircraft comprising B737-8 MAX and wide-bodied ones -- the latter likely to be used for possible "low-cost long haul" operations in future. Announcing the deal here today, SpiceJet Chairman and Managing Director Ajay Singh said the total order of 205 aircraft is valued at Rs 1,50,000 crore (USD 22 billion). "This is one of the largest deals in Indian aviation and the largest for SpiceJet," he said. Currently, the budget carrier has 32 next generation B737s and 17 Bombardier Q400s. In less than a month, this is the second big announcement after rival GoAir firmed up the order for 72 new planes from Airbus that is estimated to be worth over Rs 52,000 crore amid the domestic market growing at the fastest pace in the world. According to Singh, SpiceJet will explore different options for financing the deal. Singh said the induction of the new aircraft, which burn 20 per cent less fuel, will help SpiceJet reduce costs and enhance its ability to compete. After being on the verge of going belly up two years ago, the airline has been in the black for the past seven straight quarters. Delivery of the 155 new planes will start from the third quarter of 2018 and end in 2024. Boeing's Senior Vice-President Sales (Asia Pacific and India) Dinesh Keskar put the cost of the 100 new aircraft at around USD 11 billion. As part of the deal, SpiceJet in collaboration with Boeing will set up a simulator facility -- which is expected to be ready in 2018 -- for pilot training. Incidentally, aviation regulator DGCA has mandated domestic airlines having more than 20 planes to ensure that they have at least one simulator facility in the country. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Name that airport ... Here is this week's "name that airport" photo.  Post to Facebook Name that airport ... Here is this week's "name that airport" photo.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jF0c66 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 11 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Name that airport ... Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY 12:12 p.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 42 Shares Name that airport ...  (Photo: Name that airport ...) Here is this week's "name that airport" photo. If you think you can identify the photo, submit your guess by clicking the comment link and typing your answer there. BOOKMARK: Go directly to the Today in the Sky homepage USA TODAY Photo tour: Planespotting at San Francisco International (SFO) Check back on Wednesday after noon ET to see the answer. Good luck! Do you have a photo you'd like to submit for our "name that airport" series? You can email it to todaysky (-at-) gmail.com for consideration. Please be sure to include your name and city of residence along with and acknowledgment that you have taken the picture yourself. And know that we cannot respond to every e-mail. Thanks! LAST WEEK: Malta PREVIOUS WEEK: Santo Domingo, Domincan Republic PRIOR WEEKS: Rome | Asheville, N.C. | Billund, Denmark | Midland/Saginaw/Bay City (MBS), Mich.  | Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands | Amsterdam | Jacksonville, N.C. | Dallas/Fort Worth | Skiathos, Greece | Barrow, Alaska | Baltimore/Washington (BWI) | Kangerlussuaq, Greenland | Hartford, Conn. | Barbados | San Jose, Costa Rica | Prague | Vancouver, Canada | Ithaca, N.Y. | Belize City | Gulfport/Biloxi, Miss. | Houston Bush Intercontinental | Toronto Billy Bishop (Island Airport) | Glasgow, Scotland | Kraków, Poland | Newark Liberty | Ontario, Calif. | Cusco, Peru | Doha, Qatar | Kansas City | Pensacola, Fla. | Florence, Italy | Windsor, Canada | Washington Dulles | Hobbs, N.M. | Yangon, Myanmar | Orlando | Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands | Pullman, Wash. | Columbus, Ohio | Reykjavik, Iceland | Tucson, Ariz. | Philadelphia | Denver | Baghdad, Iraq | Key West, Fla. | San Salvador, El Salvador | Dayton, Ohio | Rochester, N.Y. | Birmingham Ala | Lagos, Nigeria | Reno | Chicago O'Hare | Savannah, Ga. | Los Angeles (LAX) | Nantucket, Mass.  | Bora Bora, French Polynesia | Honolulu | Melbourne, Fla. | Syracuse, N.Y. | Galapagos Islands USA TODAY What's it like to refuel fighter jets mid-air? A rare up-close look FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Ride along on a fighter jet refueling flight  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. An F-16 fighter jet approaches the refueling boom during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Air Force KC-135 aerial refueling jets rest on a sweltering tarmac at Nellis Air Force Base near Las Vegas prior to a training mission on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Force KC-135 aerial refueling jet rests on a sweltering tarmac at Nellis Air Force Base near Las Vegas prior to a training mission on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boom operator Technical Sgt. Jeremy Pratt climbs aboard a KC-135 aerial refueling jet at Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada prior to a mission.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Capts. Jesus Beltran, left, and Neil Brinkworth, right, taxi the jet out for departure at Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Gauges on the flight deck monitor how much fuel the KC-135 is presently carrying for a mission on July 22, 2016, over Nevada.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-16 fighter jet with the U.S. Air Force approaches the refueling boom during a training mission on Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-16 fighter jet with the U.S. Air Force approaches the refueling boom during a training mission on Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-16 fighter jet approaches the refueling boom during a training mission on Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Having established a link, gas flows through the refueling boom into a waiting F-16 fighter jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-16 fighter jet approaches a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-16 fighter jet approaches a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The pilot of a U.S. Air Force F-22 Raptor fighter jet keeps a close eye on the KC-135 refueling jet as he approaches the boom during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-22 fighter jet approaches a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-22 fighter jet disengages with a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Gauges in the refueling pod provide critical information to the boom operator aboard a U.S. Air Force KC-135 Stratotanker, seen during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Force F-16 fighter jet receives fuel from a KC-135 Stratotanker during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-16 fighter jet flies below a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Force F-16 fighter jet receives fuel from a KC-135 Stratotanker during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Force F-16 fighter jet receives fuel from a KC-135 Stratotanker during a training mission over Nevada over July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Force F-16 fighter jet receives fuel from a KC-135 Stratotanker during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-16 fighter jet with the U.S. Air Force approaches the refueling boom during a training mission on Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-22 fighter jet with the U.S. Air Force approaches a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Having established a link, gas flows through the refueling boom into a waiting F-22 fighter jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-22 fighter jet approaches a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-16 fighter jet approaches a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Las Vegas Strip appears on the horizon as the crew of a U.S. Air Force KC-135 line up the runway at Nellis Air Force Base following a training mission on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Capt. Neil Brinkworth throttles up the number-three engine during pre-departure checks aboard a U.S. Air Force KC-135 aerial refueling jet on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A U.S. Air Force KC-135 Stratotanker lifts off from Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada to take part in a training mission on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Runway rushes by as a KC-135 Stratotanker with the U.S. Air Force, filled with 120,000 pounds of gas, takes off from Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada for a training mission on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-16 fighter jet approaches a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-16 fighter jet approaches a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Capt. Neil Brinkworth, left, hand-flies KC-135 aerial refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The vast, barren landscape of the Nevada desert spreads as far as the eye can see from the flight deck of a KC-135 Stratotanker on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boom operator Technical Sgt. Jeremy Pratt maneuvers the jet's aerial refueling boom into position during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A U.S. Air Force F-22 fighter jet receives fuel from a KC-135 Stratotanker during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boom operator Technical Sgt. Jeremy Pratt refuels an F-16 fighter jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A U.S. Air Force F-22 fighter jet receives fuel from a KC-135 Stratotanker during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A U.S. Air Force F-22 fighter jet receives fuel from a KC-135 Stratotanker during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / Special Fullscreen An F-22 fighter jet approaches a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / Special Fullscreen Boom operator Technical Sgt. Jeremy Pratt maneuvers the jet's aerial refueling boom into position via a joystick during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Fighter jets, including the F-16 and F-22, wait their turn for gas off the wing of a U.S. Air Force KC-135 Stratotanker during a training mission over` Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A U.S. Air Force F-22 fighter jet receives fuel from a KC-135 Stratotanker during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-22 fighter jet approaches a KC-135 refueling jet during a training mission on Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Capt. Neil Brinkworth checks the engines of his KC-135 Stratotanker following the completion of a training mission in Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 45 2 of 45 3 of 45 4 of 45 5 of 45 6 of 45 7 of 45 8 of 45 9 of 45 10 of 45 11 of 45 12 of 45 13 of 45 14 of 45 15 of 45 16 of 45 17 of 45 18 of 45 19 of 45 20 of 45 21 of 45 22 of 45 23 of 45 24 of 45 25 of 45 26 of 45 27 of 45 28 of 45 29 of 45 30 of 45 31 of 45 32 of 45 33 of 45 34 of 45 35 of 45 36 of 45 37 of 45 38 of 45 39 of 45 40 of 45 41 of 45 42 of 45 43 of 45 44 of 45 45 of 45 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn September's #avgeek photo gallery (2016)  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The final rays of sunshine settle on the upper half of Mount Rainier as a restored Beech Model 18 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in August of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A new Japan Airlines Boeing 787-9 holds short of the runway while a massive Volga Dnepr Antonov 124 cargo plane lands at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on Aug. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Prime Air, Amazon's newest venture in e-commerce and its breakout into the world of air freight, takes flight during Seattle's Seafair festival and airshow on Aug. 6, 2016, at Boeing Field.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing airplanes line a company ramp at Boeing Field in Seattle in August of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Prime Air, Amazon's newest venture in e-commerce and its breakout into the world of air freight, takes flight during Seattle's Seafair festival and airshow on Aug. 6, 2016, at Boeing Field.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The U.S. Navy Blue Angels perform over Seattle on Aug. 6, 2016, during the city's annual Seafair festival.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737 MAX 8 rockets out of Boeing Field in Seattle on a test flight in August 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A restored World War II-era Grumman Bearcat with Historic Flight Foundation runs up its engine prior to performing in Seattle's annual Seafair festival on Aug. 7, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The U.S. Navy Blue Angels perform over Seattle on Aug. 6, 2016, during the city's annual Seafair festival.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The U.S. Navy Blue Angels perform over Seattle on Aug. 6, 2016, during the city's annual Seafair festival.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The warm orange hues of a summer sunset envelope an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun sets over the Olympic mountain range as an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxis to its gate at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A FedEx Feeder Cessna 208 Caravan lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 22, 2016, to drop off its load of cargo.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A 1969 Cessna 172 Skyhawk lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Clouds obscure the view of the ground over northern Canada as a Delta Air Lines Airbus A330 transits to Amsterdam on Aug. 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers make their way through the recently renovated Lounge 2 at Amsterdam's Schiphol Airport in August of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airplanes from around the world line up along a terminal at Amsterdam Schiphol International Airport in August of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The city of Amsterdam is seen from a KLM Embraer 190 as it takes off on Aug. 26, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The expansive Terminal 2 check-in lounge at Frankfurt am Main International Airport, seen on Aug. 26, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun rises over Frankfurt, Germany, as a Lufthansa Boeing 747-8i lands on Aug. 27, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lufthansa Airbus A320 departs from Frankfurt Airport in Germany on Aug. 26, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Frankfurt Airport's newly renovated observation deck, seen on Aug. 27, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Green fields and small towns stretch out across the Dutch countryside as a KLM Fokker 70 works its way toward Amsterdam Schiphol International Airport on Aug. 27, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Home-style furniture and live trees provide a relaxing respite from international travel at Amsterdam Schiphol's renovated Terminal 2 transit lounge, seen during a tour on Aug. 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers mull over a myriad of cheese options to take home at a shop in Amsterdam Airport Schiphol on Aug. 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Plane spotters try to find an exciting catch from Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's observation deck on Aug. 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers pass through a KLM check-in area at Amsterdam Schiphol on Aug. 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Amsterdam Schiphol uses several luggage-stacking robots to load baggage carts, seen during a tour of the facility on Aug. 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen KLM tails await their next adventure at the gate at Amsterdam Schiphol airport on Aug. 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The bright purple livery of Icelandic carrier WOW Air easily sticks out as the jet taxis for take-off from Amsterdam Schiphol on Aug. 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A couple enjoys a picnic as an easyJet Airbus plane lands at Amsterdam Schiphol on Aug. 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airplane spotters snap away as a KLM Cargo Boeing 747 lands at Amsterdam Schiphol on Aug. 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 33 2 of 33 3 of 33 4 of 33 5 of 33 6 of 33 7 of 33 8 of 33 9 of 33 10 of 33 11 of 33 12 of 33 13 of 33 14 of 33 15 of 33 16 of 33 17 of 33 18 of 33 19 of 33 20 of 33 21 of 33 22 of 33 23 of 33 24 of 33 25 of 33 26 of 33 27 of 33 28 of 33 29 of 33 30 of 33 31 of 33 32 of 33 33 of 33 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jF0c66 Most Popular New RV trend: Lightweight camper trailers 875 Shares Where the Obamas dined during the 44th presidency 1.8k Shares First look: New Florida passenger train unveiled 11k Shares Alaska Airlines adds four routes from its Portland hub 309 Shares Best U.S. ski resorts for families 1.3k Shares Homeland nominee backs enhanced scrutiny of travelers overseas
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All featured N.America Featured UK Featured Australia Featured Events Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro UK Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro UKPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up USA UNITED KINGDOM Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Articles Newswires Videos Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All featured N.America Featured UK Featured Australia Featured Events × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CNSX COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Home Energy Mining Tech Pharma & Biotech Home News Articles NYSE:BA Boeing ready for take-off in India after securing US$22bn deal Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 10:25 13 Jan 2017 The plane maker has inked a potential US$22bn deal to sell up to 205 of its new 737 jets to an Indian budget airline SpiceJet is a budget Indian airline US plane maker Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) has secured a massive contract to sell its new 737 jet into the rapidly growing Indian market – which could be worth up to US$22bn. The Chicago-based group is going to initially supply another 155 of its latest 737 Max 8 jets to the Indian budget airline SpiceJet, which also has the option to buy 50 more. The commitment is the largest ever received by Boeing from an Indian airline and comes at a time when both Boeing and its major rival, Airbus, are seeing a slowdown in sales. It will also help the company to get its own back on Airbus, which already supplies aircraft to several Indian airlines. "We're honored to be here in India in a big way, and this is truly a demonstration of that commitment... to our partners and to the country of India," Boeing vice chairman Ray Conner said Friday. The new planes will be delivered between 2018 and 2024, the two parties said. India is seen as an important emerging market for aircraft manufacturers, with its booming economy and rapidly growing middle class meaning more Indians are taking to the skies than ever before. Air travel in the country grew by more than 20% in 2016 and analysts reckon India will overtake the UK as the world’s third largest aviation market within the next decade. Shares were up US$0.30 on Friday morning. Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Tom Howard Register here to be notified of future BA Company articles View full BA profile Boeing Timeline Article December 06 2016 Trump takes aim at Boeing over Air Force One costs Newswire July 22 2016 Boeing shares dip after Q2 charges warning Article July 11 2016 Boeing Co upbeat on aerospace outlook despite 'Brexit' Newswire March 30 2016 Boeing to cut 4,500 jobs as jet demand slows Newswire January 27 2016 Boeing hits turbulence as it misses fourth quarter estimates Newswire December 08 2015 Boeing introduces 737 Max 8 Newswire October 29 2015 Boeing sells Dreamliners to El AL Israel Article October 21 2015 Boeing raises full year guidance as third quarter results beat Newswire September 24 2015 UPDATE-Boeing gets $38bn in contracts, commitments from China Newswire September 23 2015 Boeing strikes plane sales deal with China View All RSS Portfolio Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Help Only registered members can add into watchlist. Register or Log in Boeing View full company profile Boeing is the world's leading aerospace company and the largest manufacturer of commercial jetliners and military aircraft combined. Additionally, Boeing designs and manufactures rotorcraft, electronic and defense systems, missiles, satellites, launch vehicles... Read more Boeing is the world's leading aerospace company and the largest manufacturer of commercial jetliners and military aircraft combined. Additionally, Boeing designs and manufactures rotorcraft, electronic and defense systems, missiles, satellites, launch vehicles and advanced information and communication systems Hide text Market: NYSE EPIC: BA Market Cap: $82,176.60M Latest Price: $158.83  (0.34% ) Sector: Aerospace & Defense 1day 1year Proactive Investors Recommended Harvest Minerals to up pace again after outstanding year Nasstar's buy-and-build strategy bearing fruit Fastjet PLC ride still a bumpy one for investors International: UK AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: Copyright © Proactiveinvestors.com, 2017. All Rights Reserved - Proactive Investors North America Inc., Proactive Investors LLC
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES AVIATION January 16, 2017 | Last updated 2 minutes ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: Year in pictures DSF Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE holidays 2017 UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data When gold will drop to its lowest this year Dollar and oil price gain will boost Gulf Oil prices rise on tighter supply outlook Gold Rate Sectors17 Markets10 Automotives1 Banking8 Construction Employment Features General Investment Media Careers Energy56 Retail1 Shipping1 Technology Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors WFES attendees grew three times since 2008 Qatar National Bank Q4 net profit up 8.3% Abu Dhabi Ports, Khalidia sign Dh80m deal Aviation1 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Indian airlines soar but infrastructure lacks US won’t push antitrust case against airlines Boeing scores a $22b win with SpiceJet deal Economy8 Property3 GN Property top stories in Property RAK developer offers competitive pay plans Ask the expert Dh5b Deira Islands cluster open for tenders Money Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Boeing scores a $22b win with SpiceJet deal Indian budget carrier plans to buy 155 planes, of which 55 were carried over from old orders Image Credit: PTI Ajay Singh exchanges plane models with Raymond L. Conner, vice-chairman of Boeing Company, at a press conference in New Delhi yesterday. Published: 19:32 January 13, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE New Delhi/Singapore: Boeing Co. won a $22 billion (Dh80 billion) deal from an Indian budget carrier, pulling off a feat in a single-aisle market ruled by its European rival Airbus SE. SpiceJet Ltd. plans to buy 155 planes, of which 55 were carried over from old orders after renegotiations, the airline, based in Gurgaon near New Delhi, said in a statement on Friday. It also has options for 50 more, including wide-body aircraft. The commitment, the largest for Boeing from an Indian airline, comes at a time when both the Chicago-based plane maker and Airbus are facing slowing sales and the highest level of delivery deferrals in at least 15 years following a decade-long shopping spree by jetliners. It will also help Boeing widen its footprint in the South Asian country, where most of SpiceJet’s low-cost rivals fly Airbus planes. “Outside of India, Boeing has been doing reasonably well in Asia, with the exception of China,” said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst with Fairfax, Virginia-based Teal Group. “Airbus has enjoyed a strong advantage in India, particularly since Airbus is strongest in single aisles, and the Indian market is heavily weighted towards single aisles.” Though Boeing sold fewer jets than it delivered last year as it navigated a market downturn, demand for the narrow-body planes such as the 737 Max remained strong. India needs 1,850 new aircraft worth $265 billion in 20 years, with single-aisle planes making up a bulk of the new deliveries, according to Boeing forecasts. Asia Pacific will need 15,130 new aeroplanes valued at $2.3 trillion in the next 20 years, as economic growth in the region boosts middle-class population. That’s 38 per cent of the global estimate of 39,620 aircraft, according to Boeing’s outlook. Friday’s deal adds to the 348 jetliner sales garnered by the Chicago-based plane maker in India. SpiceJet and AirIndia Express are the only budget carriers to use Boeing aircraft in India, while IndiGo, Go Airlines India Pvt. and the local unit of AirAsia Bhd. all fly Airbus jets. SpiceJet shares jumped as much as 4.2 per cent after the deal was announced. After knocking off the options, a previously unfulfilled and renegotiated deal for 42 jets and an earlier undisclosed order for 13 planes, SpiceJet’s firm orders are for 100 737 Max 8 aircraft, which at list prices are worth about $11 billion before discounts. Bloomberg News reported on January 6 the carrier was close to signing a deal for at least 92 planes valued at $10.1 billion, and may boost the total if final talks yield substantial discounts and favourable maintenance contracts. Getting it right “We spent a considerable amount of time negotiating and finalising the commercial terms, including maintenance of the aircraft,” Chairman Ajay Singh said in an interview, adding deliveries will start July 2018 through 2024. “It was important for us to get all the commercial terms right.” For SpiceJet, the order signals its resurgence after almost collapsing more than two years ago. The expansion will help it compete against IndiGo, which has some 400-odd aircraft pending delivery from Airbus and controls the world’s fastest-growing major aviation market with a 42 per cent share. A representative for Airbus declined to comment. SpiceJet currently operates a fleet of 32 Boeing 737 jets and 17 Bombardier Q400 turboprops, according to the company. It controls 13 per cent of a market that has seen local carriers almost double to 11 in the past five years. India, where an emerging middle-class is flying for the first time and passenger traffic is growing at double the pace of nearest rival China, is a crucial market for Boeing and Airbus. In 2015, IndiGo, operated by InterGlobe Aviation Ltd., ordered 250 planes from Airbus valued at $27 billion. That followed a 2006 deal for 100 A320 planes and 180 A320neos in 2011. While the potential for growth is prompting airlines in the country to order more planes, they also have a challenge to tackle: Airport infrastructure that hasn’t kept pace with the times. Limited landing and parking slots mean longer time spent circling above airports such as Mumbai during peak hours, wasting precious fuel. “India is an important market both Airbus and Boeing can’t ignore,” said Shukor Yusof, founder of aviation consulting firm Endau Analytics. The SpiceJet order would give Boeing “a lifeline. There’s a lot more to grow in India than other parts of Asia.” More from Aviation Indian airlines soar but infrastructure lacks US won’t push antitrust case against airlines Boeing scores a $22b win with SpiceJet deal SpiceJet to buy 100 new Boeing planes Flynas in $8.6b Airbus deal, shareholder says Emirates to launch daily flight to Croatia Boeing jumbo-jet era ending in US SpiceJet in $10b deal with Boeing for 737 jets tags from this storyIndia follow this tag on MGNChina follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation tagsIndia follow this tag on MGN+ MGNChina follow this tag on MGN+ MGN FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01Indian airlines soar but infrastructure lacks 02US won’t push antitrust case against airlines 03‘Emirates challenging us for future A380’ 04Thousands of travellers face fog-induced delays 05Safest airlines to fly with in 2017 revealed 9Images In pictures: World Economic Forum 2010 Jan 28, 2010 8Images World Future Energy Summit in Abu Dhabi Jan 18, 2010 7Images Keeping Burj Khalifa sparkling Dec 29, 2009 1Image Preparations underway for WEF in Davos Jan 22, 2013 Play How to protect your device from hackers May 26, 2016 Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News 9 ways your own home could kill you Manholes being used as warehouses found Sharjah opens new Dh400 million jail How to rent a car by the minute in Dubai Businessman donates Dh370m to charity ‘Diplomat’ denies kidnap, Dh2m theft Revealed: World's most powerful passports Bahrain executes 3 for killing police officers Palestinian state only solution: Paris meeting Close Recommended For You 8 men own half of global wealth: OxfamPUBLISHED ON Jan 16, 2017 Kohli, Jadhav centuries help India beat EnglandPUBLISHED ON Jan 15, 2017 9 ways your own home could kill youPUBLISHED ON Jan 11, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Press Esc to close Monday 16 January 2017 News updated at 8:02 AM IST Archives Weather Max: 27.6°C Min : 15.5°C In Bengaluru Sunny day  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   ePaper    BSY to meet disgruntled BJP leaders on Jan 19      Kohli lauds Jadhav's 'outstanding' knock      Haggling customers disappoint senior artists      Petrol price up by 42 paisa/litre, diesel by Rs 1.03 a litre      Finmin readying plan to infuse funds in PSBs      Hindustan Coca-Cola to invest Rs 1,000 cr to set up 2 plants      Amazon India to create over 7,500 temporary jobs before sale      Govt work bidders told to share brokerage info      PM saddened over WB stampede deaths, sanctions Rs 2 lakh for deceased      Badals, Amarinder never paid heed to woes of border area: Kejriwal      EC may give order on SP symbol dispute tomorrow      Don't be flippant about Indian symbols, icons: Das to Amazon      Six pilgrims die in rush; WB govt says not stampede      Lok Dal's 'option B' to Mulayam ahead of EC order on 'cycle'      China the 'outlier' on India's NSG membership: US      Encounter breaks out between militants and forces in Anantnag      France wants JeM chief to be declared as intl terrorist by UN      Army man on 'hunger strike', wife also joins in      BSP alone can stop Modi govt by defeating BJP in UP: Mayawati      4-yr-old girl raped, killed in Thane; 3 held      Jawans taking to social media could be punished: Army Chief      44 airports have potential for operations under UDAN: Report      Dalit woman burnt to death in Muzaffarpur      Raids on gas agency of Oil Minister Pradhan's brother      New currency worth Rs 52.5 lakh seized; 3 held      Kohli, Jadhav hit magical centuries to script sensational win      Sidhu joins Congress, likely to contest from Amritsar-East      China hands over 2 ships to Pak Navy for Gwadar security      Indo-US 'strategic convergence' at highest point: Obama admn      1,250 people arrested for drinking liquor in public places in Delhi      FM may lower corporate tax in Budget: Deloitte     Next Story Chandrasekaran will take Tata group to new heights, says Ratan Tata Read more >> You are here: Home » Business » SpiceJet inks Rs 1.5-L cr deal with Boeing SpiceJet inks Rs 1.5-L cr deal with Boeing Jan 14, 2017, New Delhi, DHNS No-frills carrier SpiceJet on Friday announced one of the biggest aircraft order in the country buying 205 aircraft from Boeing for around $22 billion or around Rs 1.5 lakh crore. The airline said the order is confirmed for 155 Boeing 737-8 MAX, of which 55 were ordered earlier, and purchase rights for 50 737-8 MAX and wide-body long haul planes that could possibly be used by the airline to launch low-cost international services. The first aircraft of this order will be delivered in the third quarter of 2018 and all aircraft are to be in by 2024. At present, SpiceJet has 32 B-737s and 17 Bombardier Q400s in its fleet. The Indian aviation market is booming with aircraft orders as only on Wednesday, another low-cot airline GoAir announced that it is buying 72 A320neo from Airbus for around $7.7 billion. In November 2015, Jet had announced the order for 75 737 MAX single aisle aircraft from Boeing for $8,250 million while IndiGo in August same year firmed up a $25.7 billion order for 250 A320neo aircraft. While the order shows the growth trajectory of SpiceJet, which was on the verge of closing down in December 2014 following deep financial troubles, it also gives Boeing a boost in India where rival aircraft manufacturer Airbus has a foothold. A buoyant SpiceJet Chairman and Managing Director Ajay Singh said the airline’s turnaround story has been one which has “very few parallels” and that they are “very thrilled” on this “incredible day”. “We are now in a very good position to expand our network and operations which includes both domestic and international routes and destinations,” Singh said. Boeing Vice Chairman Ray Conner said it was a “tremendous day” and that the “economics of the 737 MAXs will allow SpiceJet to profitably open new markets, expand connectivity within India and beyond.” Singh believes that the induction of the new aircraft, which burn 20% less fuel, would help SpiceJet reduce costs and enhance its ability to compete. The order Firm orders for 155 B737-8 MAX planes Purchase Rights for 50 B737-8 MAX and wide-body aircraft Deal of Rs 1.5 lakh crore or $22 billion at list prices Deal inked on December 31, 2016   Tweet Go to Top Videos Volkswagen to pay $4.3 billion VW reaches multi-billion dollar U.S. settlement Nasdaq at record high Gildan gets American Apparel VW looking to regain customer trust after emissions scandal VW faces new legal headaches in U.S., UK "Trump tailwind" helps euro zone investor morale Oil down on Iran surge and U.S. production Samsung addresses exploding phones Videos Priyanka Chopra resting after accident on 'Quantico'... House Republicans vote to begin repealing Obamacare... Womens group out to reclaim nights Devotees take holy dip on Makar Sankranti... Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.Worse is yet to come: Manmohan on demonetisation 2.Row over KVIC calendar & diary: PMO says it is unnecessary 3.Modi's crackdown on civil society 4.Worst is yet to come, says Manmohan 5.2 months after note ban, Mamata wants Prez to intervene, Manmohan also cautions 1.Revolutionising cancer treatment 2.Eat hot chili peppers for a longer life! 3.Boy or girl? Mother's BP may predict sex of baby! 4.Fenugreek for fitness 5.20 minutes of walking may reduce inflammation in body: study 1. Karan Johar says friendship with Kajol ended over a tweet 2. 4-yr-old girl raped, killed in Thane; 3 held 3. Plane makes emergency landing after fisticuffs fly at 30,000ft 4. Boy or girl? Mother's BP may predict sex of baby! 5. Slain lawyer wasn't woman's lover, claims his cousin Photo Gallery Art lovers thronging Chitra Santhe organised by Karnataka Chitrakala Parishat on Kumara Krupa... Large number of art lovers visiting the 14th annual art fair 'Chitra Sante' organized... A large number of tourists throng Mysuru Palace as weekend holidays and Mysuru Zoo remain closed... People walk on a snow covered road following heavy snowfall at Kandi Area in Budhal, Rajouri... Students make a rangoli to aware people on voting in Moradabad on Sunday... ABVP activists run with the Tricolours at an event ahead of Republic Day on the outskirts ... Army Chief Gen Bipin Rawat inspecting the guard of honour during the Army Day parade in New Delhi... People take part in marathon on the Bandra-Worli Sea Link, in Mumbai... People are participated in Kite Festival organised by Rotary Bangalore Lakeside at HSR Layout... A man with his decorated camel during the 24th International Camel Festival, in Bikaner... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2014, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 2:47pm Mon 16 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation National NZ Herald Focus Crime Politics Opinion Employment Health Insights Education Environment Weather Maori Quizzes Local Focus David Fisher David Fisher is a senior reporter for the NZ Herald. Companies line up to provide air force's new wings 5:00 AM Saturday Jan 14, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Defence Ministry of Defence New Zealand Politics Royal NZ Air Force Kawasaki P-1. Photo / Supplied Our next military transport could be built by Kawasaki. And the aircraft which patrol our maritime borders could come off the same factory line. The Japanese company is among contenders as the NZ Defence Force prepares to replace some of its oldest and most essential kit. Among them is the Hercules transporter which has been in Royal NZ Air Force service since 1965. The other main aircraft being replaced is the P-3K2 Orion patrol plane, introduced in 1966 although recently refitted with state-of-the-art surveillance systems. Defence chiefs are working through options at the moment but the Japanese government is sounding bullish over its prospects. A Japanese official was quoted in the Nikkei Asian Review saying the contest to replace the patrol plane was a "one-on-one fight with Boeing's P-8 patrol plane". The news agency reported that "representatives from Japan's defense ministry and Kawasaki Heavy are in New Zealand for negotiations". The claim prompted an NZDF spokesman to say: "Defence is not involved in any negotiations with the Japanese Government or Kawasaki Heavy Industries." The pitch by Kawasaki might not yet be at "negotiation" level but the Japanese company is considered a front-runner alongside Airbus, Boeing and the Brazilian company Embraer. The heightened speculation comes after Japan took the opportunity to offer the Kawasaki P-1 maritime patrol aircraft to survey Kaikoura and affected areas after the November quake. The aircraft was here for the Royal NZ Navy's 75th celebrations. Continued below. Related Content Navy can't fly or sail to half the time it is needed to help protect our border Four civilians dared and won - they walked off the street to join the elite NZSAS Secret histories: How do our spies tell their stories? The Hercules is a key component of NZDF's ability to transport troops and supplies across the Pacific. While it is also able to - albeit slowly - move troops and equipment across the world, its primary role is to provide "tactical" airlift in New Zealand's zone of influence. The P-3K2 is a critical component of protecting New Zealand's economic zone, not only providing military support to NZDF but surveillance information to the Ministry of Primary Industries, NZ Customs and Police. While much of the work of the aircraft happens outside the headlines, both the Hercules and Orion often emerge when disaster strikes - needle-in-a-haystack search-and-rescue missions in the Pacific, natural disaster relief and humanitarian missions. The common theme in the Kawasaki and other proposed replacements for the Hercules is a comparable cost, lift and size. The Kawasaki C-2 is believed to cost $115 million each, while the Brazilian Embraer's KC-390 has been priced about $120m. Airbus has developed the Atlas, costing about $220m while Lockheed Martin has updated the Hercules with the C-130J 'Super Hercules' at $140m a piece. There had been speculation NZDF would seek out a C-17 Globemaster, with Parliament's foreign affairs and defence select committee members going for a ride in one in February 2015. The much larger aircraft - of which none are currently believed available for sale - needs much longer runways, carries twice as much cargo and costs about $300m each. The NZDF spokesman said it was considering a number of options to replace the P-3K2 and the Hercules. "A large number of possible suppliers from several countries have responded to the initial Requests for Information (RFI) issued last year, and the ministry expects to get a decision from Government on preferred options and call for tenders mid-2018." Replacement options Tactical airlift Hercules C130. Photo / Duncan Brown Hercules C-130 Cost: No longer produced Max speed: 590km/h Altitude: 12800m Range: 7400km Maximum carry: 17,250kg Runway needed: 900m Kawasaki C-2. Kawasaki C-2 Cost: $115m Max speed: 917km/h Altitude: 12200m Range: 7600km Maximum carry: 36,000kg Runway needed: 800m Embraer KC390. Photo / Supplied Brazilian Embraer's KC-390 Cost: $120m Speed: 850km/h Altitude: 10,970m Range: 5000km Maximum carry: 27,000km Runway needed: 1100m Airbus Atlas. Photo / Supplied Airbus Atlas Cost: $220m Speed: 780km/h Altitude: 12,200m Range: 6400km Maximum carry: 37,000kg Runway needed: 980m Super Hercules C-130J. Photo / Lockheed Martin 'Super Hercules' C-130J Cost: $140m Speed: 640km/h Altitude: 12,300m Range: 5240km Maximum carry: 19,000kg Runway for takeoff: 950m Maritime patrol aircraft Kawasaki P-1 Cost: $240m Speed: 996km/h Altitude: 13,520m Range: 8000km Boeing P-8 Cost: $360m Speed: 907km/h Altitude: 12,496 Range: 8300km - NZ Herald Read more by David Fisher Email David Fisher Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Why we should welcome tourists Kiwis are renowned for our hospitality, and it's a character trait we take pride in. Aside… Hawke's Bay Today Injured boys flown to Hawke's Bay Hospital One boy suffered head injuries and second a broken leg in the incidents. Bay of Plenty Times Boat capsizes in Tauranga waterway Reports of people in the water with an upturned boat in Tauranga have sparked an emergency… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Mercedes-Benz updates its GLA range of SUVs Mercedes-Benz updates its compact luxury SUV range of GLA models, becoming available… Viva Best celebrity beauty looks From Sienna Miller to Emma Stone, our favourite celebrity beauty looks this week Bite Egg fried rice with chicken and prawns Heat a wok or large frying pan. Add 1 Tbsp of the peanut oil, then the prawns and cook… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 16 Jan 2017 15:59:37 Processing Time: 24ms
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Business News Boeing inks deal for 205 planes with Indian airline SpiceJet By Eric DuVall   |   Jan. 13, 2017 at 10:54 AM Follow @upi Comments NEW DELHI, Jan. 13 (UPI) -- Indian airline SpiceJet has signed a deal to purchase up to 205 airplanes from U.S. manufacturer Boeing, the company announced Friday. The deal includes 100 new Boeing 737 Max 8 airliners, plus a current order for 42 of the same planes still in production and 13 new 737 Max airliners. The deal includes SpiceJet securing the right to 50 more planes in the future. SpiceJet is India's fourth-largest airliner and flies an exclusive Boeing fleet. "We are honored to build upon more than a decade of partnership with SpiceJet with their commitment of up to 205 airplanes," said Boeing Vice Chairman Ray Conner. "The economics of the 737 MAXs will allow SpiceJet to profitably open new markets, expand connectively within India and beyond, and offer their customers a superior passenger experience." The first of the 737s will be delivered to SpiceJet in 2018, Boeing said. "This is the largest deal for SpiceJet, it's one of the largest in Indian aviation and is the largest for Boeing in India," SpiceJet Chairman Ajay Singh told the BBC. "We are now in a very good position to expand our network and operations, which includes both domestic and international routes and destinations." Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Iran takes delivery of first new Airbus planes since end of sanctions CVS offers generic epinephrine injector at 'market-best' price; Cigna drops EpiPen EPA accuses Fiat Chrysler of emissions cheating in diesel trucks Comments Latest Headlines Airbag-maker Takata to pay $1B; execs charged with fraud 2 days ago WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 (UPI) -- The Justice Department announced Friday a settlement with auto parts-maker Takata over a flawed airbag device that's killed at least 17 people. Sparton Corporation, Ultra Electronics to produce sonobuoys 2 days ago COLUMBIA CITY, Ind., Jan. 13 (UPI) -- Sparton Corporation and Ultra Electronics Holdings are to receive $30.3 million subcontracts for the manufacture of sonobuoys for the U.S. Navy. Lockheed Martin CEO finalizing F-35 deal with Trump 2 days ago WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 (UPI) -- Lockheed Martin CEO Marillyn Hewson met with U.S. President-elect Donald Trump to discuss program costs for the F-35 aircraft. Eurofighter signs support deals for Typhoon fighters 2 days ago HALLBERGMOOS, Germany, Jan. 13 (UPI) -- Eurofighter Jagdflugzeug GmbH has signed two contracts for the support of Typhoon fighters flown by four NATO countries. Italy joins EUROSAM's Aster 30 B1NT program 2 days ago ROME, Jan. 13 (UPI) -- EUROSAM, a consortium formed by Thales Group and MBDA Systems, has formally welcomed Italy to its Aster 30 Block 1 NT program. BAE Systems producing howitzers for India 2 days ago ARLINGTON, Va., Jan. 13 (UPI) -- BAE Systems is producing ultra-lightweight howitzers for the Indian army as a result of a Foreign Military Sales deal between the Indian and U.S. governments. U.S. Navy's ALMDS reaches initial operating capability 2 days ago MELBOURNE, Fla., Jan. 13 (UPI) -- Northrop Grumman's AN/AES-1 Airborne Laser Mine Detection System has achieved initial operational capability with the U.S. Navy. U.S. Navy helos getting Lockheed Martin counter-missile capability 2 days ago SYRACUSE, N.Y., Jan. 13 (UPI) -- U.S. Navy MH-60R or MH-60S helicopters are to receive an enhanced electronic warfare system for defeating anti-ship missiles. Honest Company recalls organic baby powder 2 days ago SANTA MONICA , Calif., Jan. 13 (UPI) -- The Honest Company, maker of eco-friendly consumer products co-founded by actress Jessica Alba, announced a recall of its organic baby powder. OPEC questions take wind out of oil rally's sails 2 days ago NEW YORK, Jan. 13 (UPI) -- Doubts about whether all parties to an OPEC-led agreement to cut production will do enough to balance markets pushed oil prices lower early Friday. Trending Stories U.S. Navy helos getting Lockheed Martin counter-missile capability Eurofighter signs support deals for Typhoon fighters U.S. Navy expecting USS Gerald R. Ford delivery in April BAE Systems producing howitzers for India Egypt set for a gas turnaround More Collections Who's who in Trump's administration Best of CES 2017 Winners backstage at the 2017 Golden Globes Presidential speeches: Obama through the years ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Donald Trump: New mobile app will alert investors to the President-elect's market-moving tweets Since his election victory the President-elect has sent shares in companies such as Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Toyota and Pfizer reeling into the red Zlata Rodionova Friday 13 January 2017 16:01 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Picture: Spencer Platt/Getty Images Every time President-elect Donald Trump tweets, the markets listen. Since his election victory he has sent shares in companies such as Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Toyota and Pfizer reeling into the red, shaving off billions of dollars from their market value in minutes with just 140 characters or fewer. Read more Toyota loses $1.2bn in value five minutes after Donald Trump’s tweet While investors can’t do much to predict the President-elect’s next move, one tech company has just launched a special feature on an app that will send users alerts each time Mr Trump tweets about a publically listed company. Trigger, a start-up with staff in San Francisco and London, has launched a feature on its trading app which sends so-called “Trump triggers” alerting traders to the President-elect’s latest comments, based on which they can then trade. “These triggers can help you capture moves or manage your holdings based on the market’s reaction to the future president’s remarks,” the company says on its website. Trigger said it had rolled out the new feature because of the incoming president’s potential to “eradicate billions of dollars in market cap from large companies.” Earlier in January, Toyota became the latest company to face Mr Trump’s wrath. Shares in the Japanese automaker shares plummeted within minutes of a negative tweet from the former Apprentice host, causing the company to lose around $1.2 billion in value.  More about: Donald Trump Toyota Lockheed Martin Boeing Pfizer Twitter app Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Airframes > SpiceJet orders more Boeing 737 MAX 8s SpiceJet orders more Boeing 737 MAX 8s Jan 13, 2017 Alan Dron EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Rendering of 737 MAX 8 in SpiceJet livery Boeing Related Media Video: Inside the cockpit of the 737 MAX Advertisement Indian low-cost carrier (LCC) SpiceJet has substantially increased its commitment for Boeing 737s, with a major order for the forthcoming 737 MAX 8. The carrier already has an order for 42 737 MAX 8s on Boeing’s books. The new order, announced Jan. 13, adds a further 100 MAX 8s that were booked at the end of 2016, 13 additional MAXs that Boeing’s had previously attributed to an unidentified customer, plus purchase rights for 50 more aircraft. This takes SpiceJet’s orders and commitments to a total of 205 aircraft. Gurgaon-based SpiceJet already operates a fleet of 32 Boeing 737-800 and -900ERs, together with around 20 Bombardier Q400s in service or on order for shorter sectors. “The Boeing 737 class of aircraft has been the backbone of our fleet since SpiceJet began,” SpiceJet chairman and MD Ajay Singh said.  “With the next generation of 737 and the 737 MAX, we are sure that we can be competitive and grow profitably.” SpiceJet placed its first order with Boeing in 2005 for Next-Generation 737s. Alan Dron alandron@adepteditorial.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles SpiceJet orders 42 Boeing 737 MAX 8s   Travel Service finalizes order for five more Boeing 737 MAX 8s Reports: SpiceJet looking to buy up to 200 aircraft 1   Travel Service leases 16 more Boeing 737 MAX 8s   GECAS orders 40 more 737s, including MAX 8s   Blogs & Commentary Jan 6, 2017 blog Aviation’s 2017 nightmares begin in Fort Lauderdale There is still a lot to be learned from today’s shooting incident at Fort Lauderdale Airport, but this is the nightmare the industry – especially US airlines and airports – feared as we entered a new year....More Jan 3, 2017 blog In defense of airlines’ checked baggage fees Those wanting checked baggage fees rescinded are inadvertently advocating for worse customer service for passengers....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Jan 12, 2017 Article ATW Plus Airbus responds to weaker A380 demand   Airbus is evaluating a higher-density Airbus A380 layout and is seeking to cut the program’s fixed costs and slow down production to counter weak demand....More Jan 11, 2017 Article Airbus to deliver over 700 aircraft in 2017 Airbus is ramping up production and is expecting to deliver more than 700 aircraft in 2017, as it starts to overcome supply chain and program maturity issues....More Jan 11, 2017 Article Airbus achieves 731 net orders and 688 deliveries in 2016 Airbus secured net orders for 731 aircraft in 2016, while deliveries were up 8% at 688 aircraft, exceeding its full-year target. By comparison, Boeing logged net orders for 668 aircraft and delivered 728....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Maruti may inch closer to 50% market share with Ignis, new plant SBI in pact with Oman's SGRF, to invest $50 mn in Oman-India fund Business Standard SpiceJet sweetens partnership with Boeing, places $22-billion order SpiceJet has announced a fresh order for 150 aircraft from the American aerospace company Ajay Modi  |  New Delhi  January 14, 2017 Last Updated at 00:47 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UScxBg ALSO READ SpiceJet plans to add Boeing 4-5 aircraft to its fleet SpiceJet to buy 100 planes from Boeing as it prepares for long-haul flights Boeing says its 787 aircraft a big help to Air India Boeing says India needs 1,850 planes Expanding its relationship with Boeing, domestic low-cost carrier SpiceJet has announced a fresh order for 150 aircraft from the American aerospace company. Today's purchase decision, along with an earlier order of 55 aircraft from Spicejet, makes it a $22-billion deal, probably the largest commercial aircraft deal for Boeing in India. Of the total orders placed on Friday, the order for 100 Boeing 737-8 MAX aircraft is firm, while the purchase of 50 wide-body long-haul aircraft is purchase rights (optional). MAX aircraft allows a five-hour flight and will allow the company to explore new international destinations. "SpiceJet will have purchase rights for the remaining 50 aircraft, which will be converted depending on the airline's capability to add long-haul aircraft in the future," said Ajay Singh, chairman of SpiceJet. Singh chose Boeing over Airbus for this order. "Boeing gave us an extremely commercial and aggressive offer." Deliveries for the aircraft will begin in the third quarter of the calendar year 2018 and will be completed by 2024. It is not immediately clear how the company will finance the purchase of these aircraft. "There are various financing models available. One of them is the sale-and-leaseback model. The other models available are funding through EXIM Bank and foreign debt, which are cheaper," said Singh. He said the airline would not opt for debt or equity route to fund the purchases. "The new aircraft order is on expected lines and significant directionally. A positive and long-term story is likely to emerge with this order," said Kapil Kaul, chief executive officer and director at CAPA, South Asia. Spicejet currently has a share of 12.8 per cent in the domestic aviation market and is looking to expand share. Singh, however, said the company is not after market share and is squarely aiming for profitable operations. "One of the problems of the previous management was that they went after market share, even if by losing money." SpiceJet posted a record profit of Rs 59 crore in the Q2 of FY17. Singh has worked on cost reduction by renegotiating various contracts and streamlining operations. It has beefed up its ancillary revenues from single-digit a year ago to 16 per cent now. Benign fuel prices also helped. Spicejet's stock gained 2.5 per cent to close at Rs 65.5 on the BSE on Friday even as the market ended flat. SpiceJet, which was on the verge of a closure in late 2014 has seen a quick turnaround under Singh. Singh, who took over the company from Marans, grew market share from 9 to 13 per cent in 2016 calendar year. The budget carrier has a fleet of 32 Boeing 737 aircraft and 17 Bombardier aircraft. Singh said the company is looking at adding aircraft in their Bombardier fleet too and is speaking to Bombardier, ATR and Embraer. On Fuel prices We feel that it (crude oil) will still remain in the range of $60-65 a barrel mark, said Singh. The company said it is comfortable and allows the company to pass minor fluctuations. However, beyond a point, the demand gets impacted. "If it crosses $70, it starts hurting." Regarding on time performance "I don't understand what the controversy is all about. This is the same data that had been used by the same airline (Indigo) saying they are number one for years," he said. "I am happy for anybody to evaluate the data. We are only quoting the government data." On FDI Norms No other country allows 100 per cent FDI in aviation and it takes away the level playing field. It creates problems in bilaterals. "We are not allowed the same privilege outside. We hope the government will take an appropriate decision," Singh said.   Read More On Spicejet | Boeing | Max Aircraft | Capa PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? SpiceJet sweetens partnership with Boeing, places $22-billion order SpiceJet has announced a fresh order for 150 aircraft from the American aerospace company SpiceJet has announced a fresh order for 150 aircraft from the American aerospace company Expanding its relationship with Boeing, domestic low-cost carrier SpiceJet has announced a fresh order for 150 aircraft from the American aerospace company. Today's purchase decision, along with an earlier order of 55 aircraft from Spicejet, makes it a $22-billion deal, probably the largest commercial aircraft deal for Boeing in India. Of the total orders placed on Friday, the order for 100 Boeing 737-8 MAX aircraft is firm, while the purchase of 50 wide-body long-haul aircraft is purchase rights (optional). MAX aircraft allows a five-hour flight and will allow the company to explore new international destinations. "SpiceJet will have purchase rights for the remaining 50 aircraft, which will be converted depending on the airline's capability to add long-haul aircraft in the future," said Ajay Singh, chairman of SpiceJet. Singh chose Boeing over Airbus for this order. "Boeing gave us an extremely commercial and aggressive offer." Deliveries for the aircraft will begin in the third quarter of the calendar year 2018 and will be completed by 2024. It is not immediately clear how the company will finance the purchase of these aircraft. "There are various financing models available. One of them is the sale-and-leaseback model. The other models available are funding through EXIM Bank and foreign debt, which are cheaper," said Singh. He said the airline would not opt for debt or equity route to fund the purchases. "The new aircraft order is on expected lines and significant directionally. A positive and long-term story is likely to emerge with this order," said Kapil Kaul, chief executive officer and director at CAPA, South Asia. Spicejet currently has a share of 12.8 per cent in the domestic aviation market and is looking to expand share. Singh, however, said the company is not after market share and is squarely aiming for profitable operations. "One of the problems of the previous management was that they went after market share, even if by losing money." SpiceJet posted a record profit of Rs 59 crore in the Q2 of FY17. Singh has worked on cost reduction by renegotiating various contracts and streamlining operations. It has beefed up its ancillary revenues from single-digit a year ago to 16 per cent now. Benign fuel prices also helped. Spicejet's stock gained 2.5 per cent to close at Rs 65.5 on the BSE on Friday even as the market ended flat. SpiceJet, which was on the verge of a closure in late 2014 has seen a quick turnaround under Singh. Singh, who took over the company from Marans, grew market share from 9 to 13 per cent in 2016 calendar year. The budget carrier has a fleet of 32 Boeing 737 aircraft and 17 Bombardier aircraft. Singh said the company is looking at adding aircraft in their Bombardier fleet too and is speaking to Bombardier, ATR and Embraer. On Fuel prices We feel that it (crude oil) will still remain in the range of $60-65 a barrel mark, said Singh. The company said it is comfortable and allows the company to pass minor fluctuations. However, beyond a point, the demand gets impacted. "If it crosses $70, it starts hurting." Regarding on time performance "I don't understand what the controversy is all about. This is the same data that had been used by the same airline (Indigo) saying they are number one for years," he said. "I am happy for anybody to evaluate the data. We are only quoting the government data." On FDI Norms No other country allows 100 per cent FDI in aviation and it takes away the level playing field. It creates problems in bilaterals. "We are not allowed the same privilege outside. We hope the government will take an appropriate decision," Singh said.   Ajay Modi Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 SpiceJet sweetens partnership with Boeing, places $22-billion order SpiceJet has announced a fresh order for 150 aircraft from the American aerospace company Expanding its relationship with Boeing, domestic low-cost carrier SpiceJet has announced a fresh order for 150 aircraft from the American aerospace company. Today's purchase decision, along with an earlier order of 55 aircraft from Spicejet, makes it a $22-billion deal, probably the largest commercial aircraft deal for Boeing in India. Of the total orders placed on Friday, the order for 100 Boeing 737-8 MAX aircraft is firm, while the purchase of 50 wide-body long-haul aircraft is purchase rights (optional). MAX aircraft allows a five-hour flight and will allow the company to explore new international destinations. "SpiceJet will have purchase rights for the remaining 50 aircraft, which will be converted depending on the airline's capability to add long-haul aircraft in the future," said Ajay Singh, chairman of SpiceJet. Singh chose Boeing over Airbus for this order. "Boeing gave us an extremely commercial and aggressive offer." Deliveries for the aircraft will begin in the third quarter of the calendar year 2018 and will be completed by 2024. It is not immediately clear how the company will finance the purchase of these aircraft. "There are various financing models available. One of them is the sale-and-leaseback model. The other models available are funding through EXIM Bank and foreign debt, which are cheaper," said Singh. He said the airline would not opt for debt or equity route to fund the purchases. "The new aircraft order is on expected lines and significant directionally. A positive and long-term story is likely to emerge with this order," said Kapil Kaul, chief executive officer and director at CAPA, South Asia. Spicejet currently has a share of 12.8 per cent in the domestic aviation market and is looking to expand share. Singh, however, said the company is not after market share and is squarely aiming for profitable operations. "One of the problems of the previous management was that they went after market share, even if by losing money." SpiceJet posted a record profit of Rs 59 crore in the Q2 of FY17. Singh has worked on cost reduction by renegotiating various contracts and streamlining operations. It has beefed up its ancillary revenues from single-digit a year ago to 16 per cent now. Benign fuel prices also helped. Spicejet's stock gained 2.5 per cent to close at Rs 65.5 on the BSE on Friday even as the market ended flat. SpiceJet, which was on the verge of a closure in late 2014 has seen a quick turnaround under Singh. Singh, who took over the company from Marans, grew market share from 9 to 13 per cent in 2016 calendar year. The budget carrier has a fleet of 32 Boeing 737 aircraft and 17 Bombardier aircraft. Singh said the company is looking at adding aircraft in their Bombardier fleet too and is speaking to Bombardier, ATR and Embraer. On Fuel prices We feel that it (crude oil) will still remain in the range of $60-65 a barrel mark, said Singh. The company said it is comfortable and allows the company to pass minor fluctuations. However, beyond a point, the demand gets impacted. "If it crosses $70, it starts hurting." Regarding on time performance "I don't understand what the controversy is all about. This is the same data that had been used by the same airline (Indigo) saying they are number one for years," he said. "I am happy for anybody to evaluate the data. We are only quoting the government data." On FDI Norms No other country allows 100 per cent FDI in aviation and it takes away the level playing field. It creates problems in bilaterals. "We are not allowed the same privilege outside. We hope the government will take an appropriate decision," Singh said.   Ajay Modi Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 52 5 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Alaska Airlines to offer free in-flight chat access Smartphone-toting fliers will have free access to Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, and iMessage. Post to Facebook Alaska Airlines to offer free in-flight chat access  Smartphone-toting fliers will have free access to Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, and iMessage.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jEwjTn {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Alaska Airlines to offer free in-flight chat access Today in the Sky Brian M. Westbrook, KING 5 TV of Seattle Published 9:34 a.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 | Updated 1:20 p.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 139 Shares FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Alaska Airlines, Virgin America begin merger process  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Sporting the airline's recently updated livery, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in May 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America operated its busiest hub in San Francisco, where it has become one of the city's most notable carriers.  AP Fullscreen An image showing the tails of Alaska Airlines and Virgin America aircraft.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Virgin America was known for its trendy and irreverent image. Every year near Christmas, the carrier performed 'Operation Chihuahua Airlift' to send rescued chihuahuas to homes on the East Coast.  PR NEWSWIRE Fullscreen Alaska Airlines planes with the company's newest livery and tail logo, left, and the old livery are shown April 4, 2016, at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.  Ted S. Warren, AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines and Virgin America aircraft are seen at Washington Dulles International Airport on Aug. 12, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America sparked a major fare war when it tried to create a 'focus city' at Dallas Love Field. Here, one of the airline's planes is seen at Love Field in April 2014.  AP Fullscreen A new Alaska Airlines 737 painted with a Boeing centennial theme arrives during a kickoff celebration for Boeing's 100th anniversary month on June 30, 2016, in Seattle.  Genna Martin, AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' newly painted jet supporting veterans is readied for departure to Portland, Ore., on Veteran's Day, Nov. 11, 2016 at Chicago O'Hare.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America's distinctive red tails have become a common site at San Francisco International Airport.  JOHN G. MABANGLO, EPA Fullscreen Alaska Airlines CEO Brad Tilden speaks to a crowd during the Alaska Airlines Plane Pull with Russell Wilson and Joel McHale at The Museum of Flight in Seattle on July 28, 2015.  Matt Mills McKnight, AP Images for Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Virgin America CEO David Cush, third-left front row, is applauded and showered with confetti as he rings the opening bell at the Nasdaq market to mark his company's IPO in New York on Nov. 14, 2014.  Richard Drew, AP Fullscreen In this file photo from Nov. 14, 2016, fueling manager Jarid Svraka looks on as he fuels an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-800 jet with a new, blended alternative jet fuel at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen Virgin America flight attendants line the red carpet during a news conference at Dallas Love Field on April 25, 2014.  Max Faulkner, Fort Worth Star-Telegram via AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets line a terminal in Seattle on Dec. 16, 2015.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen Virgin America's inaugural flight between Los Angeles an Dallas Fort Worth International Airport comes in for a landing in Texas on Dec. 1, 2010.  LM Otero, AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' "Salmon-Thirty-Salmon" themed Boeing 737-800 is one of several unique paint jobs flying for the carrier. It's seen here in Anchorage on Oct. 4, 2012.  Mark Thiessen, AP Fullscreen Bearing colors of the Oregon State University Beavers, an Alaska Airlines/Horizon Q400 takes off from a foggy Seattle in January of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-800 painted with the airline's new tail logo and livery takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Jan. 26, 2016.  HANDOUT/EPA Fullscreen British tycoon Richard Branson became a fixture for Virgin America at its promotional events. Here he greets staff at the airline's inaugural San Francisco-Denver flight on March 15, 2016.  Trevor Hughes, USA TODAY Fullscreen British tycoon Richard Branson became a fixture for Virgin America at its promotional events.Here he participates in festivities for the airline's inaugural San Francisco-Denver flight on March 15, 2016.  Trevor Hughes, USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America's hub at San Francisco put it into head-to-head competition with rival United on many routes.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Alaska Airlines planes line-up at the terminal at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 13, 2009.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen This airline painted in the colors of the Portland Timbers Major League Soccer team has been one of several special liveries to fly for Alaska Airlines over the years.  Courtesy of Alaska Air Group Fullscreen Bearing the airline's new logo and paint scheme, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxies for departure in Seattle, Wash in April of 2016. Bearing the airline's new logo and paint scheme, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxies for departure in Seattle on April of 2016. [Via MerlinFTP Drop]  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / Special Fullscreen Seen here in 2011, Virgin America performed a splashy makeover in creating its ticketing space at San Francisco International Airport.  Martin E. Klimek, for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The warm orange hues of a summer sunset envelope an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun sets over the Olympic mountain range as an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxis to its gate at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 747-400 lands within view of an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on June 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska and Delta Air Lines jets pass one another at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on June 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets line up for departure early in the morning at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 departs LAX on Nov. 7, 2015, as a trio of international tails await their next flights.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 33 2 of 33 3 of 33 4 of 33 5 of 33 6 of 33 7 of 33 8 of 33 9 of 33 10 of 33 11 of 33 12 of 33 13 of 33 14 of 33 15 of 33 16 of 33 17 of 33 18 of 33 19 of 33 20 of 33 21 of 33 22 of 33 23 of 33 24 of 33 25 of 33 26 of 33 27 of 33 28 of 33 29 of 33 30 of 33 31 of 33 32 of 33 33 of 33 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Passengers have a new way to pass the time while flying. Alaska Airlines announced free in-flight access to three popular messaging apps. Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, and Apple’s iMessage will now work on GoGo Wi-Fi-equipped planes without charge, the airline said. “As a frequent traveler, it’s a nice perk to be able to stay connected with people either on the plane, or on the ground,” says retail technology executive Eric Belzer. “It will be very handy for people coordinating travel during unexpected changes." The new free service is available when accessing in-flight Wi-Fi with a smartphone. In addition to complimentary chat, Alaska Airlines is rolling out previously-announced premium economy service, and additional meal options. The carrier finalized a merger with Virgin America last month that made it the nation’s fifth-largest airline. The free chat option will be available only on Alaska Airlines-branded flights, but Alaska Airlines hinted that feature -- as well as other recent upgrades -- could expand. "Though these products are currently limited to flights operated by Alaska Airlines, customer response and feedback will inform future cabin enhancements and offerings on Alaska Airlines, Virgin America and Horizon Air-operated flights," the company said in a statement. USA TODAY Alaska Air begins merger with Virgin America, promises 'more to love' FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Alaska Airlines, Virgin America kick off merger with celebration  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Employees pose near a special-livery 737 that Alaska Air rolled out Dec. 14, 2016, to commemorate the closing of its acquisition of Virgin America. The plane incorporates brand elements of each carrier.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines rolled out this special merger-themed paint scheme on one of its Boeing 737s on Dec. 14, 2016. The livery marked the closing of Alaska Air's acquisition of Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden greets passengers -- mostly employees -- arriving to San Francisco on a special charter flight as the airline closed on its acquisition of Virgin America.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen From left, Alaska Airlines employees Ruthy Trykur (fueling operations specialist), Lucy Lafayette (accounts payable) and Brinda Baldwin (accounts payable supervisor) onboard Alaska Airlines' special charter flight to San Francisco on Dec. 14, 2016.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A red-carpet greeting awaited passengers -- mostly employees -- arriving to San Francisco on a special charter flight as the airline closed on its acquisition of Virgin America.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines rolled out this special livery on Dec. 14, 2016, to commemorate the closing of its acquisition of Virgin America. The plane incorporates brand elements of each carrier.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' messaging as seen on its special new merger-themed livery.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines rolled out this special livery on Dec. 14, 2016, to commemorate the closing of its acquisition of Virgin America. The plane incorporates brand elements of each carrier.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden greets passengers -- mostly employees -- arriving to San Francisco on a special charter flight on Dec. 14, 2016, as the airline closed on its acquisition of Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Ground crews in San Francisco welcome the arrival of a special Alaska Airlines flight on Dec. 14, 2016.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden greets workers in San Francisco on Dec. 14, 2016, as the carrier officially began its merger with Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden speaks to workers at San Francisco on Dec. 14, 2016, as the carrier officially began its merger with Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air kicked off its merger with Virgin America on Dec. 14, 2016, with an employee event in San Francisco.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen "More to love" is emblazoned on the side of a specially painted, merger-themed Boeing 737 for Alaska Airlines.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines rolled out this special livery on Dec. 14, 2016, to commemorate the closing of its acquisition of Virgin America. The plane incorporates brand elements of each carrier.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden greets employees in San Francisco on Dec. 14, 2016, as the airline closed on its acquisition of Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 21 2 of 21 3 of 21 4 of 21 5 of 21 6 of 21 7 of 21 8 of 21 9 of 21 10 of 21 11 of 21 12 of 21 13 of 21 14 of 21 15 of 21 16 of 21 17 of 21 18 of 21 19 of 21 20 of 21 21 of 21 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Alaska Airlines is offering customers complimentary access to GoGo in-flight entertainment movies and TV shows through March. Movies are accessed on smartphones, tablets, laptops and other customers devices bring onboard. In addition to movies either streamed to passenger devices or through seat-back screens, most U.S. airlines offer some form of in-flight connectivity. Wi-Fi access for email, social media, and browsing websites is available for a charge, usually starting around $10 per flight. Due to the limited bandwidth available to each aircraft, popular streaming services such as Netflix and Hulu are not typically supported. KING Alaska Airlines' first daily flight to Cuba takes off To access chat apps without paying for standard Internet access, passengers must first connect to Gogo and select the free option. The service is in beta now and expected to be fully operational Jan. 24. "We're celebrating the new year – and our new, bigger airline – with the roll-out of new customer-friendly enhancements on Alaska-branded flights, starting with Free Chat," Andrew Harrison, Alaska Airlines' chief commercial officer, said in a statement. "We know that staying in touch while on the go is essential to our guests, many of whom don't need full Internet access. Free Chat is a great way to keep that connection alive without breaking the bank. And yes, it's fully emoji-compatible." Contributing: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY. KING 5 TV of Seattle is part of the USA TODAY Network. Occasionally, USA TODAY Network stories are used in Ben Mutzabaugh's Today in the Sky blog. You can follow the author of this story, KING 5 reporter Brian M. Westbrook, on Twitter at @BrianWestbrook.  IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn January's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Bearing colors of the Oregon State University Beavers, an Alaska Airlines/Horizon Q400 takes off from a foggy Seattle in January of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A flight attendant waits under the wing of EVA Air's newest Hello Kitty jet at a welcome party for EVA's service to Houston on June 19, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX narrowbody airplane is shown off to media at an event in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers at Boeing's factory in Renton, Wash., build a 737 narrowbody airplane during a factory tour on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Reprising a favorite photo from the past year, a former American Airlines Boeing 727 is towed across a Seattle avenue in preparation for a new construction project at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on March 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers at Boeing's factory in Renton, Wash., build a 737 narrowbody airplane during a factory tour on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Korean Air's "Love"-themed Boeing 777-300 departs Seattle on a brisk day in December 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Flying high above Puget Sound, an American Airlines Boeing 777 heads westward out over the Pacific Ocean in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 747-400 ends a nine-hour flight from London to Seattle on Dec. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bearing the titles of Sun Country but the paint of European carrier Transavia, a Boeing 737 comes to a stop in Seattle on Dec. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737 fuselage frame at the company's factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's 737 MAX leads a pack of newly built 737s at the company's Renton, Wash., factory on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737 departs Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 767-300 bound for Asia climbs out of the Seattle area and past a looming Mount Rainier on Dec. 26, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX narrowbody airplane sits on a ramp in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 28, 2015. The airplane is expected to take to the skies for the first time early in 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 model glistens in a Christmas tree at the Museum of Flight in Seattle in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An airplane spotter sets up a photo of an Alaska Airlines/SkyWest CRJ-700 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A FedEx MD11 hovers among the soft hues of a winter's sunset in Seattle in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines/Horizon Bombardier Q400 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Pilots aboard NASA's modified Douglas DC-8 flying laboratory take off from Joint Base Lewis-McChord near Tacoma, Wash., for a research flight on Dec. 5, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Despite working as a research laboratory for NASA, the agency's modified DC-8 still has some of the marks of its passenger service days with Alitalia and Braniff - such as this flight attendant panel seen during a flight on Dec. 5, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Engines filled with condensation, an Aeroflot Airbus A330 rolls down a runway at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A lineup of Delta Air Lines tails stretches across Atlanta Hartsfield's Terminal B on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Air Force One takes off from Boeing Field in Seattle on Oct. 9, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 787 takes off from Everett, Wash., for a test flight on Jan. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bombardier's CS300 jetliner returns from its inaugural flight outside Montreal on Feb. 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus A350 undergoes construction at the company's factory in Toulouse, France, on May 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Factory workers assemble a wing destined for a Boeing 737 at the company's Renton, Wash., factory on June 2, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Fiji Airways Airbus A330.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers traverse Toronto Lester Pearson International Airport's Terminal 1 in February of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airport duty manager Paul Pelton drives around the airport during his early morning shift at Sea-Tac International Airport on April 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 31 2 of 31 3 of 31 4 of 31 5 of 31 6 of 31 7 of 31 8 of 31 9 of 31 10 of 31 11 of 31 12 of 31 13 of 31 14 of 31 15 of 31 16 of 31 17 of 31 18 of 31 19 of 31 20 of 31 21 of 31 22 of 31 23 of 31 24 of 31 25 of 31 26 of 31 27 of 31 28 of 31 29 of 31 30 of 31 31 of 31 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Sporting the airline's recently updated livery, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in May 2016.  (Photo: Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY) Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jEwjTn Most Popular New RV trend: Lightweight camper trailers 875 Shares Where the Obamas dined during the 44th presidency 1.8k Shares First look: New Florida passenger train unveiled 11k Shares Alaska Airlines adds four routes from its Portland hub 309 Shares Best U.S. ski resorts for families 1.3k Shares Homeland nominee backs enhanced scrutiny of travelers overseas
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 92 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Unions appeal DOT approval of Norwegian Air Unions representing 100,000 aviation workers have asked a federal appeals court to overturn the Transportation Department’s decision allowing Norwegian Air International to fly to and from the U.S. Post to Facebook Unions appeal DOT approval of Norwegian Air  Unions representing 100,000 aviation workers have asked a federal appeals court to overturn the Transportation Department’s decision allowing Norwegian Air International to fly to and from the U.S.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2is6QyT {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Unions appeal DOT approval of Norwegian Air Today in the Sky Bart Jansen , USA TODAY Published 10:00 a.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 | Updated 2:51 p.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 224 Shares A Norwegian Air jet is refueled.  (Photo: Creative Commons) Unions representing 100,000 aviation workers have asked a federal appeals court to overturn the Transportation Department’s decision allowing Norwegian Air International to fly to and from the U.S. The case filed Thursday at the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, which hears appeals of administration decisions, means the long-running dispute with Norwegian will continue a while longer. The AFL-CIO, Air Line Pilots Association, Allied Pilots Association, Association of Flight Attendants-CWA and Transportation Trades Department fought Norwegian since the airline applied for approval in December 2013. Norwegian Air International is a subsidiary of Norwegian Air Shuttle, one of the largest low-cost carriers in Europe. Unions contend the subsidiary is headquartered in Ireland to undermine labor standards, mirroring the "flag of convenience" strategy that shipping companies use by registering vessels in the least-regulated countries. The airline strongly denies this claim. USA TODAY DOT approves contested Norwegian Air flights The legal dispute centers on language in so-called Open Skies agreements that the U.S. negotiates with other countries to allow unhindered flights between them. The unions note that a provision in the agreement with the European Union states “opportunities created by the agreement are not intended to undermine labor standards.” “The administration’s decision to allow Norwegian Air International to operate in the U.S. is disappointing and undercuts key protections in place for working men and women,” AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka said. USA TODAY Delta optimistic Trump will deal with airports, Mideast rivals But the department ruled there was nothing in the Open Skies agreement to prevent approval of the application. “This case is among the most novel and complex ever undertaken by the department,” Jenny Rosenberg, acting assistant secretary for international affairs, wrote in the nine-page decision. “Regardless of our appreciation of the public policy arguments raised by opponents, we have been advised that the law and our bilateral obligations leave us no avenue to reject this application.” The department declined comment on the appeal because it is pending litigation. For its part, Norwegian has strongly objected to being characterized as cutting corners on safety or labor regulations. The airline contends it will benefit economies on both sides of the Atlantic by ordering $18.5 billion of Boeing aircraft and hiring hundreds of U.S. workers. Anders Lindström, a spokesman for Norwegian Air, called the appeal “a last-ditch effort to stop competition and new service.” But the airline looks forward to launching more flights between the U.S. and Europe, he said. “Other unions have also tried, unsuccessfully, to block similar DOT approvals,” Lindstrom said. “Norwegian remains confident that the D.C. Circuit will uphold DOT’s decision as fully consistent with DOT’s statutory obligations and international legal requirements.” USA TODAY WOW: $69 one-way fares to Europe now on sale IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn September's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A Boeing Dreamlifter takes off from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on Sept. 3, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A restored P-51 World War II fighter takes off for a flight demonstration at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 21, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Silhouetted by the setting sun, an American Airlines Boeing 757-200 taxis to the gate at SeaTac International in August 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A restored B17 World War II-era bomber takes off on a golden hour sortie from the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 20, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Celebrating German children's book author Janosch, a flying bear graces the side of a Condor Boeing 767-300. The livery helps support the German relief fund BILD hilft e.V. – A Heart for Children.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Condor Boeing 767-300 receives some tender loving care at the company maintenance hangar in Frankfurt on Sept. 17, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Korean Air's first 747-8i is seen ahead of a Aug. 25, 2015, delivery ceremony in Everett, Wash.  Boeing Fullscreen Chefs inside the China Pacific Catering facility outside of Taipei, Taiwan, assemble salads for business-class customers aboard China Airlines flights scheduled for Dec. 2, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Final touches complete, a chef inside the sprawling China Pacific Catering facility outside Taipei, Taiwan, shows off a finished first-class appetizer on Dec. 2, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Four T6 Texans with the Aeroshell aerobatic team perform for the crowds at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 20, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Returning from fighting a fire in northeastern Washington State, a DC-10 air tanker prepares to land in Moses Lake, Wash., on Aug. 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airbus' new A350 XWB passenger jet performs for thousands on July 22, 2015 at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Colors mix with angles on a vintage aircraft at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 20, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Repositioning for a fill-up of fire retardant, a Convair 580 taxis down the ramp at the US Forest Service Air Tanker Base in Moses Lake, Wash., on Aug. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Mechanics work on the engine of a Boeing 747 inside of China Airlines' sprawling maintenance hangar in Taoyuan, Taiwan, on Dec. 3, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Mooney Acclaim Type S rests on a rural Wisconsin airstrip as the sun sets on July 19, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Balancing on one wheel, a souped-up Agcat wows the crowd at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 21, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The waters of Lake Winnebago in eastern Wisconsin reflect on the aluminum wing of a restored Ford TriMotor on July 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The upgraded "Kosmo Suite" first-class seats on Korean Air's first Boeing 747-8i.  Boeing Fullscreen An extremely rare Beech Starship takes off for a flight display at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 21, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Mount Rainier creates a gorgeous scene from onboard an American Airlines Airbus A321 on Aug. 4, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Ready to depart on a red-eye flight to Miami, an American Airlines Boeing 737-800 is loaded with luggage at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Aug. 4, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Eagle Embraer 145 jet takes off from Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Aug. 5, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Its interior gutted to save weight, a DC-10 air tanker rests between firefighting sorties at the US Forest Service Air Tanker Base in Moses Lake, Wash., on Aug. 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Formerly a eco-test aircraft for Boeing, this former Delta Air Lines Boeing 757 is seen being scrapped at Moses Lake, Wash., on Aug. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A unique Bombardier water-scooping firefighter airplane returns to Grant County International Airport in Moses Lake, Wash., on Aug. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Suction hose deployed, an Erickson Air Crane firefighting helicopter takes on another load of water from Lake Chelan, destined for the nearby Chelan Complex fire burning in north-central Washington State on Aug. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's KC-46 tanker prototype returns to Boeing Field in Seattle after a test flight on Aug. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A small private Cessna takes off for an early evening flight at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 20, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A dishwasher inside the China Pacific Catering Services facility outside of Taipei, Taiwan, checks for smudges on Dec. 2, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2is6QyT Most Popular New RV trend: Lightweight camper trailers 875 Shares Where the Obamas dined during the 44th presidency 1.8k Shares First look: New Florida passenger train unveiled 11k Shares Alaska Airlines adds four routes from its Portland hub 309 Shares Best U.S. ski resorts for families 1.3k Shares Homeland nominee backs enhanced scrutiny of travelers overseas
Business In SpiceJet deal, Boeing scores a $22 billion win in market dominated by Airbus SpiceJet Dhiraj Singh / Bloomberg A Boeing 737 aircraft operated by SpiceJet taxies at Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport in Mumbai, India, on Oct. 26, 2015.  A Boeing 737 aircraft operated by SpiceJet taxies at Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport in Mumbai, India, on Oct. 26, 2015.  (Dhiraj Singh / Bloomberg) Anurag Kotoky and Kyunghee ParkBloomberg Boeing won a $22 billion deal from an Indian budget carrier, pulling off a feat in a single-aisle market ruled by its European rival Airbus. SpiceJet plans to buy 155 planes, of which 55 were carried over from old orders after renegotiations, the airline based in Gurgaon near New Delhi said in a statement on Friday. It also has options for 50 more, including wide-body aircraft. The commitment, the largest ever for Boeing from an Indian airline, comes at a time when both the Chicago-based planemaker and Airbus are facing slowing sales and the highest level of delivery deferrals in at least 15 years following a decade-long shopping spree by jetliners. It will also help Boeing widen its footprint in the South Asian country, where most of SpiceJet's low-cost rivals fly Airbus planes. "Outside of India, Boeing has been doing reasonably well in Asia, with the exception of China," said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst with Fairfax, Virginia-based Teal Group. "Airbus has enjoyed a strong advantage in India, particularly since Airbus is strongest in single aisles, and the Indian market is heavily weighted towards single aisles." Though Boeing sold fewer jets than it delivered last year as it navigated a market downturn, demand for the narrow-body planes such as the 737 Max remained strong. India needs 1,850 new aircraft worth $265 billion in 20 years, with single-aisle planes making up a bulk of the new deliveries, according to Boeing forecasts. Asia Pacific will need 15,130 new airplanes valued at $2.3 trillion in the next 20 years, as economic growth in the region boosts middle-class population. That's 38 percent of the global estimate of 39,620 aircraft, according to Boeing's outlook. Friday's deal adds to the 348 jetliner sales garnered by the Chicago-based planemaker in India. SpiceJet and AirIndia Express are the only budget carriers to use Boeing aircraft in India, while IndiGo, Go Airlines India and the local unit of AirAsia all fly Airbus jets. Boeing said close to $10.1 billion order from India SpiceJet Anurag Kotoky and Julie Johnsson Indian budget airline SpiceJet is poised to order at least 92 Boeing 737 jetliners as the carrier plots rapid expansion in the world's fastest growing aerospace market. The transaction, which would more than double SpiceJet's 49-plane fleet, may be closed within weeks after lengthy talks that pitted... Indian budget airline SpiceJet is poised to order at least 92 Boeing 737 jetliners as the carrier plots rapid expansion in the world's fastest growing aerospace market. The transaction, which would more than double SpiceJet's 49-plane fleet, may be closed within weeks after lengthy talks that pitted... (Anurag Kotoky and Julie Johnsson) SpiceJet shares jumped as much as 4.2 percent after the deal was announced. After knocking off the options, a previously unfulfilled and renegotiated deal for 42 jets and an earlier undisclosed order for 13 planes, SpiceJet's firm orders are for 100 737 Max 8 aircraft, which at list prices are worth about $11 billion before discounts. Bloomberg News reported on Jan. 6 that the carrier was close to signing a deal for at least 92 planes valued at $10.1 billion, and may boost the total if final talks yield substantial discounts and favorable maintenance contracts. "We spent a considerable amount of time negotiating and finalizing the commercial terms, including maintenance of the aircraft," Chairman Ajay Singh said in an interview, adding deliveries will start July 2018 through 2024. "It was important for us to get all the commercial terms right." For SpiceJet, the order signals its resurgence after almost collapsing more than two years ago. The expansion will help it compete against IndiGo, which has some 400-odd aircraft pending delivery from Airbus and controls the world's fastest-growing major aviation market with a 42 percent share. A representative for Airbus declined to comment. SpiceJet currently operates a fleet of 32 Boeing 737 jets and 17 Bombardier Q400 turboprops, according to the company. It controls 13 percent of a market that has seen local carriers almost double to 11 in the past five years. India, where an emerging middle-class is flying for the first time and passenger traffic is growing at double the pace of nearest rival China, is a crucial market for Boeing and Airbus. In 2015, IndiGo, operated by InterGlobe Aviation, ordered 250 planes from Airbus valued at $27 billion. That followed a 2006 deal for 100 A320 planes and 180 A320neos in 2011. While the potential for growth is prompting airlines in the country to order more planes, they also have a challenge to tackle: Airport infrastructure that hasn't kept pace with the times. Limited landing and parking slots mean longer time spent circling above airports such as Mumbai during peak hours, wasting precious fuel. "India is an important market both Airbus and Boeing can't ignore," said Shukor Yusof, founder of aviation consulting firm Endau Analytics. The SpiceJet order would give Boeing "a lifeline. There's a lot more to grow in India than other parts of Asia." Bloomberg's Julie Johnsson and Debjit Chakraborty contributed. Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Asia India Bloomberg L.P. Boeing reinvents the 777 assembly line while production cranks on United bumping up retirement date for 747 fleet Boeing plans buyouts and layoffs for engineers Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 31°
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Business » Companies ﻿ SpiceJet inks deal with Boeing for 205 aircrafts worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore By Ajeet Kumar | Last Updated: Friday, January 13, 2017 - 21:03 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews New Delhi: SpiceJet on Friday announced deal with Boeing for 205 aircrafts worth USD 22 billion (Rs 1.5 lakh crore). With this deal, SpiceJet has enhanced its existing order of 55 aircraft with additional 100 firm B737-8 MAX and 50 purchase rights for B737-8 MAX and wide-body aircraft. An agreement with SpiceJet, would be a much-needed boost for Boeing in India, as its rival Airbus has won record-sized orders with InterGlobe Aviation's IndiGo, India's biggest budget airline, as well as a recent deal with GoAir. SpiceJet had placed its first order with Boeing in 2005 for Next-Generation B737s and currently operates 32 Next-Generation B737s in its fleet and 17 Bombardier Q400s. Announcing the deal here today, SpiceJet Chairman and Managing Director Ajay Singh said, “Our turnaround story has been one which has very few parallels in the world today and we are proud of it. SpiceJet has achieved seven consecutive quarters of profit, highest on-time performance and lowest cancellation rates; a record load factor of over 90% every month for 20 months in a row – a feat that has no parallel in aviation history." “We are now in a very good position to expand our network and operations which includes both domestic and international routes and destinations,” Singh said. “The Boeing 737 class of aircraft has been the backbone of our fleet since SpiceJet began, with its high reliability, low operation economies and comfort. With the next generation of B737 and the B737 MAX we are sure that we can be competitive and grow profitably,” he added. The B737 MAX incorporates the latest technology CFM International LEAP-1B engines, Advanced Technology winglets and other improvements to deliver the highest efficiency, reliability and passenger comfort in the single-aisle market. The new airplane will deliver 20 percent lower fuel use than the first Next-Generation B737s and the lowest operating costs in its class – 8 percent per seat less than its nearest competitor. India is the world's fastest growing aviation market and among the most attractive for plane makers seeking a new wave of growth. Indian passenger numbers are increasing by more than 20 percent annually thanks to low prices and rising disposable incomes. Under chairman Ajay Singh, SpiceJet has been rebuilding its business since almost collapsing after running out of cash in late 2014. The airline has grown its market share and returned to profitability but it remains far smaller than market leader IndiGo. Despite soaring passenger numbers, Indian carriers have struggled to achieve consistent profitability because of fierce competition, regular price wars and high operating costs. Follow @AjeetKumarhisua First Published: Friday, January 13, 2017 - 12:46 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus MOST READ TOP NEWS MOST VIEWED Petrol price hiked by 42 paisa per litre, diesel by Rs 1.03 a litre Beware of emails from 'Income Tax Department' which may lead to fake online site of banks Desist from being flippant about Indian symbols, icons: Shaktikanta Das to Amazon Demonetisation shows 'boldness' of Modi: France AirAsia India offers low fares one way Zeegnition : Review of Maruti Ignis Zeegnition : Review of Ducati XDiavel Prices of petrol in 10 major Indian cities Prices of diesel in 10 major Indian cities CBI files FIR in Air India software procurement 'scam' of Rs 225 crore 8,300 non-technical govt jobs open for class 10 passouts; application for SSC exam closes on Jan 30 Related News   IndiGo, SpiceJet raise red flag over FDI norms in aviation Airfare war: IndiGo, Air India, SpiceJet offer tickets starting at Rs 789 SpiceJet annual sale offers fares starting at Rs 789; book by December 31 SpiceJet shareholders clear Rs 15 crore annual pay for Ajay Singh Shell out little more even to book middle seat in flights, preferred seats attract more charges TAGS SpiceJet Boeing SpiceJet- Boeing deal Ajay Singh Boeing in India Gallery 10 Major Cars Launched in 2016 10 Most Expensive Hotels In India Top 10 countries in ease of doing business TOP VIDEOS Zeegnition : Review of Maruti Ignis Zeegnition : Review of Ducati XDiavel Natarajan Chandrasekaran apponted as the new chairman of Tata Sons contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Bollywood television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood lifestyle People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality sports Cricket Badminton Football Tennis Other Sports business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos Business Boeing scores a $22 billion win in market dominated by Airbus UPDATED: FRIDAY, JAN. 13, 2017, 6:35 A.M. In this 2015 photo, the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing’s assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown. India’s low-cost airline Spicejet plans to buy up to 205 next-generation Boeing planes worth $22 billion in a major deal to expand its domestic and international operations. (Ted S. Warren / AP) By Anurag Kotoky and Kyunghee Park Bloomberg Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Boeing won a $22 billion deal from an Indian budget carrier, pulling off a feat in a single-aisle market ruled by its European rival Airbus. SpiceJet plans to buy 155 planes, of which 55 were carried over from old orders after renegotiations, the airline based in Gurgaon near New Delhi said in a statement on Friday. It also has options for 50 more, including wide-body aircraft. The commitment, the largest ever for Boeing from an Indian airline, comes at a time when both the Chicago-based planemaker and Airbus are facing slowing sales and the highest level of delivery deferrals in at least 15 years following a decade-long shopping spree by jetliners. It will also help Boeing widen its footprint in the South Asian country, where most of SpiceJet’s low-cost rivals fly Airbus planes. “Outside of India, Boeing has been doing reasonably well in Asia, with the exception of China,” said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst with Fairfax, Virginia-based Teal Group. “Airbus has enjoyed a strong advantage in India, particularly since Airbus is strongest in single aisles, and the Indian market is heavily weighted towards single aisles.” Though Boeing sold fewer jets than it delivered last year as it navigated a market downturn, demand for the narrow-body planes such as the 737 Max remained strong. India needs 1,850 new aircraft worth $265 billion in 20 years, with single-aisle planes making up a bulk of the new deliveries, according to Boeing forecasts. Asia Pacific will need 15,130 new airplanes valued at $2.3 trillion in the next 20 years, as economic growth in the region boosts middle-class population. That’s 38 percent of the global estimate of 39,620 aircraft, according to Boeing’s outlook. Friday’s deal adds to the 348 jetliner sales garnered by the Chicago-based planemaker in India. SpiceJet and AirIndia Express are the only budget carriers to use Boeing aircraft in India, while IndiGo, Go Airlines India and the local unit of AirAsia all fly Airbus jets. SpiceJet shares jumped as much as 4.2 percent after the deal was announced. After knocking off the options, a previously unfulfilled and renegotiated deal for 42 jets and an earlier undisclosed order for 13 planes, SpiceJet’s firm orders are for 100 737 Max 8 aircraft, which at list prices are worth about $11 billion before discounts. Bloomberg News reported on Jan. 6 that the carrier was close to signing a deal for at least 92 planes valued at $10.1 billion, and may boost the total if final talks yield substantial discounts and favorable maintenance contracts. “We spent a considerable amount of time negotiating and finalizing the commercial terms, including maintenance of the aircraft,” Chairman Ajay Singh said in an interview, adding deliveries will start July 2018 through 2024. “It was important for us to get all the commercial terms right.” For SpiceJet, the order signals its resurgence after almost collapsing more than two years ago. The expansion will help it compete against IndiGo, which has some 400-odd aircraft pending delivery from Airbus and controls the world’s fastest-growing major aviation market with a 42 percent share. A representative for Airbus declined to comment. SpiceJet currently operates a fleet of 32 Boeing 737 jets and 17 Bombardier Q400 turboprops, according to the company. It controls 13 percent of a market that has seen local carriers almost double to 11 in the past five years. India, where an emerging middle-class is flying for the first time and passenger traffic is growing at double the pace of nearest rival China, is a crucial market for Boeing and Airbus. In 2015, IndiGo, operated by InterGlobe Aviation, ordered 250 planes from Airbus valued at $27 billion. That followed a 2006 deal for 100 A320 planes and 180 A320neos in 2011. While the potential for growth is prompting airlines in the country to order more planes, they also have a challenge to tackle: Airport infrastructure that hasn’t kept pace with the times. Limited landing and parking slots mean longer time spent circling above airports such as Mumbai during peak hours, wasting precious fuel. “India is an important market both Airbus and Boeing can’t ignore,” said Shukor Yusof, founder of aviation consulting firm Endau Analytics. The SpiceJet order would give Boeing “a lifeline. There’s a lot more to grow in India than other parts of Asia.” Updated: Jan. 13, 2017, 6:35 a.m.  Tags: Airbus, airplane order, Boeing, India, SpiceJet Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Back to Spokesman Mobile
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out05:59 GMT +316 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Boeing Beats Airbus in $ 22 Billion Aircraft Deal with Indian Budget Carrier © Flickr/ Global Panorama Asia & Pacific 16:54 13.01.2017Get short URL 132843 India is one of the fastest growing aviation markets in the world, almost double the pace of China. Aircraft manufacturer of Russia and Japan plan to enter the $300 bn Indian market which is dominated by Airbus of France and Boeing of the US. © AP Photo/ Carlos Osorio Delta Airlines Calls Off Boeing 787 Dreamliner $4Bln OrderNew Delhi (Sputnik) – In one of the biggest aircraft order by Indian carrier, Boeing has won a $ 22 bn deal from India’s fourth largest carrier Spicejet which has enlarged its existing order of 55 aircraft with additional 100 B737-8Max with an option for 50 more. SpiceJet placed its first order with Boeing in 2005 for Next-Generation B737s and currently operates 32 Next-Generation B737s in its fleet and 17 Bombardier Q400s. Deliveries of the aircraft will start in July 2018 and the entire order will be delivered to Spicejet by year 2024. “We are now in a very good position to expand our network and operations which includes both domestic and international routes and destinations,” said Ajay Singh, Chairman and Managing Director, SpiceJet. Boeing claims that the new airplane will consume 20 per cent less fuel than the first Next-Generation B737s and the lowest operating costs in its class – eight per cent per seat less than its nearest competitor. The deal is major breakthrough for Boeing as currently Airbus dominates the Indian as well as other Asian markets. SpiceJet and AirIndia Express are the only budget carriers to use Boeing aircraft in India, while IndiGo, Go Airlines India Pvt. and the local unit of AirAsia Bhd. all fly Airbus jets. Currently, Airbus and Boeing are facing slowing sales and highest level of delivery deferral due to decrease in profit margin of airline companies. It is estimated that India needs 1,850 new aircraft worth $ 265 Billion in next 20 years with small aircraft expected to dominate the market. Aircraft manufacturers from Russia and Japan plan to enter $300 Billion Indian market which is mainly dominated by Airbus and Boeing. Russia wants to introduce Sukhoi Superjet 100 (SSJ100) civilian aircraft in India and has a target to put out at least 50 SSJ100 in the next three to five years. Japan’s ShinMaywa is also exploring the possibilities in Indian Market. In 2015, Airbus had seal a deal worth $ 27 bn with Indigo, India’s biggest budget carrier to deliver 250 aircraft preceded by a deal in 2006 for 100 A-320 planes and 180 A-320neos in 2011. Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed! ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 43 Related: India to Purchase Sole C-17 Transporters in Boeing's Inventory Boeing Gets $143Mln Order for 'Consumable' Items to Keep Aircraft Flying Boeing CEO Promises Trump Air Force One Will Be Less Than $4B Tags: Airbus, Bombardier, Boeing, India TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 05:50Japanese Ship Crew Caught Red-Handed Slaughtering Minke Whale 05:41Turkish Cargo Plane Crashes Near Bishkek 04:53Syria’s Tomorrow Hopes Astana Talks to Lead to Political Settlement of Crisis 04:31Chinese Museum Demands Return of Sculptures From US University Collection 03:56US Churches Prepare to Become Sanctuaries If Trump Keeps Deportation PromisesAll news Russian Post Sends Melania Trump Unusual Parcel 27862 Daesh Terrorists Destroy Myth of Germany's Indestructible Leopard 2 Tank 13919 The CIA Has Spoken: Fate of US Democracy in the Hands of Just One Russian Woman! 11731 US Navy’s ‘Night Hunter’ Drone Ship to Stalk Russian Subs 9307 Don't Even Try It: Crimea Protected by Russia's Newest Missile Defense System 7937All news 'Kosovo is Serbian,' New Train from Belgrade to North Kosovo Announces 86 Ottawa's New Foreign Minister is 'Catastrophe for Canadian-Russian Relations' 75 Russian Post Sends Melania Trump Unusual Parcel 73 The CIA Has Spoken: Fate of US Democracy in the Hands of Just One Russian Woman! 70 Canadian FM Freeland 'Will Be Talking to Herself' With Her Anti-Russia Policy 54All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Somewhere Over the Clouds: A View of Moscow From Above All TV Must Be RT Countries the US Bombed in 2016 News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Asia LNG prices dip on output; European demand in focus Business Standard SpiceJet plots expansion with order for 100 new Boeing planes Reuters  |  NEW DELHI  January 13, 2017 Last Updated at 17:13 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UScx7L ALSO READ SpiceJet to seal $10 billion deal with Boeing for 737 jets - sources SpiceJet to seal $10 billion deal with Boeing for 737 jets, sources say SpiceJet agrees to buy 100 new planes from Boeing SpiceJet to buy 100 new Boeing planes, eyes India expansion Boeing says to deliver India's SpiceJet's first new planes in 2018 By Aditi Shah and Tommy Wilkes NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Indian budget airline SpiceJet said on Friday it has agreed to acquire 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, as part of its expansion plans in the world's fastest growing aviation market. The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the U.S. company's only major customer among the budget carriers now dominating the country's air industry. "This is an extremely competitive market," Ajay Singh, SpiceJet's chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi. "What this aircraft order does is enhance our ability to be competitive in the future as it helps us reduce costs," said Singh, whose airline has about 13 percent of the Indian passenger market, while market leader IndiGo has 40 percent. SpiceJet, which was briefly forced to ground its fleet in late 2014 when it ran out of cash, is the fourth-largest Indian airline behind InterGlobe Aviation's IndiGo, Jet Airways and state-run Air India. Asia, especially India, is a key market for planemakers, with analysts expecting Indian passenger numbers to more than triple over the next 20 years as millions more people become wealthy enough to fly for the first time. Combined, local airlines like IndiGo, as well as GoAir, have already ordered hundreds of new planes from Airbus. Graphic - Boeing aircraft deliveries http://reut.rs/2j7qSxc Meanwhile Boeing estimates India will need 1,850 new aircraft worth $265 billion by 2036 to meet demand for air travel. SpiceJet said altogether it has signed a deal to acquire up to 205 planes from Boeing, worth up to $22 billion at list prices, but that total includes 55 jets already announced in a 2014 deal and the possible follow-on order of 50 more. A source familiar with the deal had said on Thursday that SpiceJet was set to announce an order for as many as 100 new planes. Boeing had already reported an order for 100 737 MAX jets from an unidentified customer that counted as part of its 2016 tally, and on Friday confirmed that order to be SpiceJet's. Shares in SpiceJet rose as much as 3 percent on Friday. LOW-COST LONG HAUL? SpiceJet, which has a current fleet of more than 40 planes, will take delivery of the first of its new jets in the third quarter of 2018, Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president of Asia Pacific & India Sales at Boeing, told reporters. The carrier is expected to have secured a hefty discount from the aircraft list prices, as is common with large orders. "As part of this transaction they (Boeing) have not only been kind enough to give us good commercial terms but have worked hard to reduce the maintenance cost of the fleet going forward," said Singh. He said he was weighing up various options for financing the new purchase, including sale and leaseback, but he ruled out issuing more debt or raising equity to pay for the planes. The new aircraft increases the range of SpiceJet's flights by up to one hour, opening up many more destinations, including international ones, Singh told reporters. He said the additional acquisition rights also include an option to buy wide-body aircraft for long haul journeys as the airline considers launching low-cost long distance flights. Most Indian carriers have returned to profitability in recent years, thanks in part to lower fuel costs, but challenges remain as carriers struggle to translate surging demand into sustainable profits because of cut-throat competition and high running costs. (Reporting by Aditi Shah; Writing by Tommy Wilkes; Editing by Randy Fabi, Greg Mahlich) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Boeing | Spicejet | New Delhi | Delhi PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? SpiceJet plots expansion with order for 100 new Boeing planes NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Indian budget airline SpiceJet said on Friday it has agreed to acquire 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, as part of its expansion plans in the world's fastest growing aviation market. By Aditi Shah and Tommy Wilkes NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Indian budget airline SpiceJet said on Friday it has agreed to acquire 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, as part of its expansion plans in the world's fastest growing aviation market. The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the U.S. company's only major customer among the budget carriers now dominating the country's air industry. "This is an extremely competitive market," Ajay Singh, SpiceJet's chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi. "What this aircraft order does is enhance our ability to be competitive in the future as it helps us reduce costs," said Singh, whose airline has about 13 percent of the Indian passenger market, while market leader IndiGo has 40 percent. SpiceJet, which was briefly forced to ground its fleet in late 2014 when it ran out of cash, is the fourth-largest Indian airline behind InterGlobe Aviation's IndiGo, Jet Airways and state-run Air India. Asia, especially India, is a key market for planemakers, with analysts expecting Indian passenger numbers to more than triple over the next 20 years as millions more people become wealthy enough to fly for the first time. Combined, local airlines like IndiGo, as well as GoAir, have already ordered hundreds of new planes from Airbus. Graphic - Boeing aircraft deliveries http://reut.rs/2j7qSxc Meanwhile Boeing estimates India will need 1,850 new aircraft worth $265 billion by 2036 to meet demand for air travel. SpiceJet said altogether it has signed a deal to acquire up to 205 planes from Boeing, worth up to $22 billion at list prices, but that total includes 55 jets already announced in a 2014 deal and the possible follow-on order of 50 more. A source familiar with the deal had said on Thursday that SpiceJet was set to announce an order for as many as 100 new planes. Boeing had already reported an order for 100 737 MAX jets from an unidentified customer that counted as part of its 2016 tally, and on Friday confirmed that order to be SpiceJet's. Shares in SpiceJet rose as much as 3 percent on Friday. LOW-COST LONG HAUL? SpiceJet, which has a current fleet of more than 40 planes, will take delivery of the first of its new jets in the third quarter of 2018, Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president of Asia Pacific & India Sales at Boeing, told reporters. The carrier is expected to have secured a hefty discount from the aircraft list prices, as is common with large orders. "As part of this transaction they (Boeing) have not only been kind enough to give us good commercial terms but have worked hard to reduce the maintenance cost of the fleet going forward," said Singh. He said he was weighing up various options for financing the new purchase, including sale and leaseback, but he ruled out issuing more debt or raising equity to pay for the planes. The new aircraft increases the range of SpiceJet's flights by up to one hour, opening up many more destinations, including international ones, Singh told reporters. He said the additional acquisition rights also include an option to buy wide-body aircraft for long haul journeys as the airline considers launching low-cost long distance flights. Most Indian carriers have returned to profitability in recent years, thanks in part to lower fuel costs, but challenges remain as carriers struggle to translate surging demand into sustainable profits because of cut-throat competition and high running costs. (Reporting by Aditi Shah; Writing by Tommy Wilkes; Editing by Randy Fabi, Greg Mahlich) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 SpiceJet plots expansion with order for 100 new Boeing planes By Aditi Shah and Tommy Wilkes NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Indian budget airline SpiceJet said on Friday it has agreed to acquire 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, as part of its expansion plans in the world's fastest growing aviation market. The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the U.S. company's only major customer among the budget carriers now dominating the country's air industry. "This is an extremely competitive market," Ajay Singh, SpiceJet's chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi. "What this aircraft order does is enhance our ability to be competitive in the future as it helps us reduce costs," said Singh, whose airline has about 13 percent of the Indian passenger market, while market leader IndiGo has 40 percent. SpiceJet, which was briefly forced to ground its fleet in late 2014 when it ran out of cash, is the fourth-largest Indian airline behind InterGlobe Aviation's IndiGo, Jet Airways and state-run Air India. Asia, especially India, is a key market for planemakers, with analysts expecting Indian passenger numbers to more than triple over the next 20 years as millions more people become wealthy enough to fly for the first time. Combined, local airlines like IndiGo, as well as GoAir, have already ordered hundreds of new planes from Airbus. Graphic - Boeing aircraft deliveries http://reut.rs/2j7qSxc Meanwhile Boeing estimates India will need 1,850 new aircraft worth $265 billion by 2036 to meet demand for air travel. SpiceJet said altogether it has signed a deal to acquire up to 205 planes from Boeing, worth up to $22 billion at list prices, but that total includes 55 jets already announced in a 2014 deal and the possible follow-on order of 50 more. A source familiar with the deal had said on Thursday that SpiceJet was set to announce an order for as many as 100 new planes. Boeing had already reported an order for 100 737 MAX jets from an unidentified customer that counted as part of its 2016 tally, and on Friday confirmed that order to be SpiceJet's. Shares in SpiceJet rose as much as 3 percent on Friday. LOW-COST LONG HAUL? SpiceJet, which has a current fleet of more than 40 planes, will take delivery of the first of its new jets in the third quarter of 2018, Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president of Asia Pacific & India Sales at Boeing, told reporters. The carrier is expected to have secured a hefty discount from the aircraft list prices, as is common with large orders. "As part of this transaction they (Boeing) have not only been kind enough to give us good commercial terms but have worked hard to reduce the maintenance cost of the fleet going forward," said Singh. He said he was weighing up various options for financing the new purchase, including sale and leaseback, but he ruled out issuing more debt or raising equity to pay for the planes. The new aircraft increases the range of SpiceJet's flights by up to one hour, opening up many more destinations, including international ones, Singh told reporters. He said the additional acquisition rights also include an option to buy wide-body aircraft for long haul journeys as the airline considers launching low-cost long distance flights. Most Indian carriers have returned to profitability in recent years, thanks in part to lower fuel costs, but challenges remain as carriers struggle to translate surging demand into sustainable profits because of cut-throat competition and high running costs. (Reporting by Aditi Shah; Writing by Tommy Wilkes; Editing by Randy Fabi, Greg Mahlich) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com Boeing offering buyouts to engineers, layoffs possible: Reports Posted on January 12, 2017 at 10:50 PM Leada Gore lgore@al.com Boeing said it plans to offer buyouts to engineers companywide.Leada Gore | lgore@al.com  Boeing plans to offer buyouts to engineers companywide, the aerospace giant told employees this week. The buyouts are the first of what's expected to be three rounds of cutbacks, according to the Seattle Times. The company is also planning to layoff engineers in Washington state, where it has a large aerospace presence. The exact number of projected cuts were not announced. The state's largest aerospace company, Boeing employs some 2,750 people in Alabama, with an annual payroll of $264 million. Most of Boeing's Alabama operations are in North Alabama, where the company works with NASA and missile defense. Boeing engineers, managers and executives were reportedly told of the cuts in a memo sent out Tuesday. Other cuts could also be coming to production-level employees. The memo from John Hamilton, Boeing's Vice President of Engineering, said the buyout offers will be sent this week to engineering employees in all divisions of the company. Employees who accept the buyouts will end their employment April 21. The company isn't ruling out involuntary layoffs if not enough people accept the buyout offer. About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Inhalt Navigation Weitere Inhalte Metanavigation Suche Choose from 30 Languages Albanian Shqip Amharic አማርኛ Arabic العربية Bengali বাংলা Bosnian B/H/S Bulgarian Български Chinese 中文 Croatian Hrvatski Dari دری English English French Français German Deutsch Greek Ελληνικά Hausa Hausa Hindi हिन्दी Indonesian Bahasa Indonesia Kiswahili Kiswahili Macedonian Македонски Pashto پښتو Persian فارسی Polish Polski Portuguese Português para África Portuguese Português do Brasil Romanian Română Russian Русский Serbian Српски/Srpski Spanish Español Turkish Türkçe Ukrainian Українська Urdu اردو Wrong language? Change it here DW.COM has chosen English as your language setting. DW.COM in 30 languages DW AKADEMIE ABOUT DW Deutsche Welle TOP STORIES Germany Germany Guide for Refugees World Europe Africa Crime Fighters Africa on the Move Asia Americas Middle East Business My 2030 Science In Good Shape Technology Spectrum Tomorrow Today Environment Global Ideas In focus DoingYourBit Eco@Africa Culture Film Books Music Arts Digital Culture Lifestyle Travel Sports Bundesliga Champions League National Team F1 eSports More sports SPECIAL Art of Freedom. Freedom of Art. Generation 25 German Book Prize German-Jewish Cultural Heritage Gutenberg in the Cyberstorm Learning by Ear Merkel's pledge Sports: the global language Germany What to wear and what not to wear to the Bundestag 13.01.2017 Middle East Turkey's unemployed journalists 10.01.2017 Business China exports down sharply 13.01.2017 Media Center Live TV All media content Latest Programs Podcasts TV Schedule and Reception TV Programs TV programs Arts.21 Business Check-in Close up Conflict Zone Documentaries Drive it! DW News Eco-at-Africa Euromaxx Europe in Concert Faith Matters Focus on Europe Global 3000 In Good Shape Interview Kick off! Kino Made in Germany PopXport Quadriga Reporter Sarah's Music Shift The Bundesliga The Day Tomorrow Today Treasures of the World World Stories RADIO LEARN GERMAN German Courses German Courses Quick start Harry Deutsch Interaktiv Radio D Mission Europe Deutsch - warum nicht? Audiotrainer Deutschtrainer German XXL German XXL Deutsch Aktuell Deutsch im Fokus Telenovela Bandtagebuch Landeskunde Community D Community D Das Porträt Facebook & Co. Podcasts & Newsletter Service Teaching German Teaching German DW im Unterricht Unterrichtsreihen Deutschlehrer-Info Germany World Business Science Environment Culture Sports TOP STORIES / Business Business India's Spicejet in 'game-changing' deal with Boeing Indian budget airline Spicejet has said it's buying hundreds of Boeing planes as it seeks to hike its share of the world's fastest-growing passenger aviation market. It will be able to expand into long-haul flights. Indian low-cost airline Spicejet announced Friday it was buying up to 205 planes from Boeing in a deal worth $22 billion (20.6 billion euros). The carrier said the contract included 100 737 jets from Boeing's new Max family of aircraft, which it said would help reduce fuel costs by up to a fifth. The deal also included the option to buy 50 wide-body planes suitable for long-haul flights. Spicejet, which currently has just 49 planes, said the order would enable it to boost its domestic operations and potentially expand into long-haul international flights. "This is the largest deal for Spicejet, it's one of the largest in Indian aviation and is the largest for Boeing in India," Spicejet Chairman Ajay Singh said in a statement. Changing environment India's aviation market is growing at double the pace of China's, as an emerging middle class takes to the skies. Watch video 01:24 Share China’s growing power in the skies Send Facebook Twitter Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://dw.com/p/2S0fe China’s growing power in the skies The latest industry figures from the International Air Transport Association (IATA) show India's domestic air traffic grew by 22.3 percent in November year on year, followed by Russia at 15.5 percent and China in third position at 14.9 percent. The deal with Boeing marks a turnaround for Spicejet, whose planes were briefly grounded in 2014 after suppliers refused to refuel them due to unpaid bills. Most of India's airlines are still making losses, while state carrier Air India has long relied on government support. But lower fuel prices and a rise in economic growth have boosted the sector and enhanced airlines' profit prospects. hg/jd (AFP, dpa)   DW recommends Aviation industry agrees deal to curb carbon emissions The international airline industry has reached deal on limiting carbon emissions, billed as the first such worldwide deal for a single sector. Critics say aspects of the plan are unfair - or just too little, too late. (07.10.2016)   IndiGo shares soar in market debut India's leading airline is celebrating a 'blockbuster takeoff' as shares surged high above their listing price. The IPO is aimed at solidifying IndiGo's grip on one of the world's fastest growing aviation markets. (10.11.2015)   Air India to cut cost amid industry turbulence The Indian airliner has announced plans to slash staff and cut costly routes amid increasing pressure from cut-rate competitors. The move comes as the company eyes a possible turn-around after a long spell of losses. (19.01.2015)   Audios and videos on the topic China’s growing power in the skies   Date 13.01.2017 Related Subjects India, Aviation Keywords Spicejet, Boeing, jet order, aviation, India Share Facebook Twitter Google+ More Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Feedback: Send us your feedback. Print Print this page Permalink http://dw.com/p/2Vl7I Related content Asia's aviation industry flying high 15.02.2016 As the Singapore Airshow 2016 kicks off, DW examines the latest trends in the Asia-Pacific's civil aviation industry, and the countries profiting most from the rise in domestic and international air passenger numbers. Date 13.01.2017 Related Subjects India, Aviation Keywords Spicejet, Boeing, jet order, aviation, India Share Facebook Twitter Google+ More Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Send us your feedback. Print Print this page Permalink http://dw.com/p/2Vl7I Takata pleads guilty in airbag scandal The Japanese automotive parts company will pay a total of $1 billion in fines and restitution.  Takata shares hit by bankruptcy reports   The week in review A quick rundown of business events of the week  Police memo on Berlin truck attacker published in German media German media have published details of the security surveillance of assassin Anis Amri in the months before he drove a truck into a Berlin Christmas market. He may have been high on cocaine as he carried out the attack.   Donald Trump slams Angela Merkel's refugee policy US President-elect Donald Trump labeled German Chancellor Angela Merkel's stance on refugees a "catastrophic mistake." He said the policy would lead to even more countries leaving the European Union after Britain.   French left debates migrants and Trump ahead of primary An ex-premier has proposed a carbon tax on American goods and reinforcing national identity through language. But his left-wing rival said Europe will not get away "with warships and barbed wire" in combatting migration.   TOP STORIES Germany World Business Science Environment Culture Sports   A - Z Index MEDIA CENTER Live TV All media content Latest Programs Podcasts TV Schedule and Reception TV Programs   RADIO LEARN GERMAN German Courses German XXL Community D Teaching German ABOUT DW Who we are Press Business & Sales Advertising Travel SERVICE Reception Mobile Newsletters & Co. FAQ Contact   DW AKADEMIE About us Media Development Master's Degree Traineeship Training © 2017 Deutsche Welle | Privacy Policy | Legal notice | Contact | Mobile version
Register Now Existing Canindia User login Forgot Password? Close it EDITORIAL Pradip Rodrigues Sabrina Almeida Guest Column Opinion/Commentary NEWS Community Diaspora Canada India South Asia World Business ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood Hollywood Music LIFESTYLE Art/Culture/Books Automobiles Books Education Employment Fashion Food Health Living Restaurants Sci-Tech SPORTS Athletics Badminton Cricket Football Golf Hockey Motorsports OtherSports Tennis EPAPER ADVERTISE CONTACT CAREERS WHAT IS CI REWARDS? EDITORIAL Pradip Rodrigues Sabrina Almeida Guest Column Opinion/Commentary NEWS Community Diaspora Canada India South Asia World Business ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood Hollywood Music LIFESTYLE Art/Culture/Books Automobiles Books Education Employment Fashion Food Health Living Restaurants Sci-Tech SPORTS Athletics Badminton Cricket Football Golf Hockey Motorsports OtherSports Tennis EPAPER Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Home Business/Economy SpiceJet to buy up to 205 aircraft from Boeing January 13th, 2017 CanIndia New Wire Service 0 comments 7 New Delhi, Jan 13 (IANS) To enhance its capacity and expand services, budget passenger carrier SpiceJet on Friday said it will purchase up to 205 aircraft from Boeing, the global commercial jetliners’ manufacturer. According to the airline, the order is worth $22 billion or Rs 150,000 crore at list prices. It was not disclosed whether the budget passenger carrier received any discounts which manufacturers generally dole out on such large orders. The company said that it is looking at various mechanisms to fund the purchase deal, including the sale and lease back option. “We are now in a very good position to expand our network and operations, which include both domestic and international routes and destinations,” said Ajay Singh, Chairman and Managing Director of SpiceJet. The mega purchase order comes at a time when the country’s civil aviation sector is witnessing a healthy growth rate due to a rise in domestic disposable income, lower jet fuel prices and enhanced services to the non-metro cities. According to the latest data from the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), passenger traffic during January-November 2016 zoomed by 23.10 per cent to 90.36 million. The robust passenger traffic growth has led several airlines to place mega aircraft orders keeping in mind the future demand scenario. The agreement enhances the company’s earlier commitment to buy 55 aircraft with an additional order for 100 B737-8 MAX. The deal also includes purchase rights to buy 50 more B737-8 MAX and wide-body aircraft in the future. SpiceJet had placed its first order with Boeing in 2005 for Next-Generation B737s. “The Boeing 737 class of aircraft has been the backbone of our fleet since SpiceJet began, with its high reliability, low operation economies and comfort. With the next generation of B737 and the B737 MAX, we are sure that we can be competitive and grow profitably,” Singh elaborated. The order was in the pipeline as Singh in an earlier interaction with IANS had made it clear that the decision will not be taken in haste. The deal has ended months of speculation on whether SpiceJet will place an order with Boeing or Airbus. Besides, the order comes more than two years after a financial crisis had led the airline to the brink of closure and subsequent change in management and a dramatic turnaround. The airline’s fleet size during late 2014 stood at 55 before a financial crisis forced it to truncate it to 43 now. This includes smaller aircraft, as the carrier also sees growth in the regional segment. Currently, the airline operates 32 Next-Generation B737s and 17 Bombardier Q400s. On November 25, 2016, SpiceJet reported its seventh consecutive profitable quarter. “Our turnaround story has been one which has very few parallels in the world today and we are proud of it,” Singh maintained. “SpiceJet has achieved seven consecutive quarters of profit, highest on-time performance and lowest cancellation rates; a record load factor of over 90 per cent every month for 20 months in a row – a feat that has no parallel in aviation history.” The B737 MAX incorporates the latest technology ‘CFM International LEAP-1B engines’, advanced technology winglets and other improvements to deliver the highest efficiency, reliability and passenger comfort in the single-aisle market. The new airplane type consumes 20 per cent less fuel than the first Next-Generation B737s and the lowest operating costs in its class — eight per cent per seat less than its nearest competitor. The company is expected to receive the first aircraft under the purchase agreement by the third quarter of 2018. In November the airline had the fourth largest domestic market share at 12.8 per cent. At present, SpiceJet operates 336 average daily flights to 45 destinations, including 39 domestic and six international. –IANS rv/vt Tags Ajay Singh cent growth orders CanIndia New Wire Service Related Posts Don't be flippant with Indian symbols, Amazon told Jan 15th, 201707 New Delhi, Jan 15 (IANS) Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das on Sunday asked e-tailer Amazon to... British Chancellor threatens EU with aggressive tax changes after Brexit Jan 15th, 201707 London, Jan 15 (IANS) Britain could transform its economic model into that of a corporate tax haven if the... Xi arrives in Switzerland to attend World Economic Forum Jan 15th, 201706 Zurich, Jan 15 (IANS) Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived here on Sunday to attend the annual meeting of... Leave a Reply Cancel reply READ EPAPER ONLINE SIGNUP | LOGIN SOCIAL SHARE MOST READ THIS WEEK! Health Foot wrap to treat patients with 'restless legs syndrome' Jun 28th, 2016 301 Entertainment Deepika Padukone opens up on getting married with Ranveer Singh Jan 14th, 2016 155 World Over a million people using Facebook on 'dark web' Apr 23rd, 2016 135 Entertainment Jake T. Austin dating fangirl after she seeks after him on Twitter for a considerable length of time Jan 16th, 2016 156 Canada Deadline looms for the 2016 Canadian Census May 9th, 2016 96 Tags 10734 people 8780 India 6156 film 4195 statement 3930 country 3862 state 3614 study 3388 the Congress 3046 police 2948 percent 2895 cent 2832 reports 2726 time 2653 Rs 2464 world 2446 second 2419 children 2411 officials 2377 down 2296 BJP January 2017 M T W T F S S « Dec       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   ADVERTISE CONTACT US SUBMIT YOUR ARTWORK Back to top © 2015/2016 Can-India News a division of World Media Corp (Canada) Inc. All rights reserved. Can-India News Privacy Policy.
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals World Finance Sport Motoring Science & Tech Celebrity TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral Qatar Airways pressures engine maker, sees early Boeing 777-9 By Tim Hepher Reuters12 January 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos FILE PHOTO A Qatar Airways aircraft is seen at a runway of the Eleftherios Venizelos International Airport in Athens, Greece, May 16, 2016. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis/File PhotoMore By Tim Hepher PARIS (Reuters) - Qatar Airways said on Thursday it was seeking guarantees from a potential new engine supplier after delays to Airbus jet deliveries, but said Boeing was ahead of schedule on its latest version of the 777, leaving scope to bring those jets forward. The comments from one of the industry's toughest buyers reflect the stakes involved in meeting manufacturing targets for large aerospace industry orders after a series of costly delays. Qatar Airways remains in talks with CFM International about supplying engines for an upgraded order for Airbus Group's A321neo medium-haul jets, which it expects to finalise "soon", Chief Executive Akbar Al Baker told Reuters. The carrier has cancelled four A320neo jets powered by delayed engines made by Pratt & Whitney, a unit of United Technologies , and plans to swap the overall aircraft order, which originally covered 50 jets, to the larger A321neo. CFM, owned by General Electric and France's Safran , competes with Pratt & Whitney to power Airbus' medium-haul jets. Al Baker acknowledged Qatar had received competitive launch prices when it originally ordered Pratt & Whitney engines, but said a decision on whether to keep those or switch to CFM for the upgraded A321neo order would depend on other guarantees. "It is a factor, but what we decide will be based on what sort of guarantees we get on deliveries and at the same time performance," he said in an interview. Qatar plans to take delivery of around 10 Airbus A350s and 6 Boeing 777s this year. It will also receive some Boeing 737s on behalf of Italy's Meridiana, in which it aims to buy 49 percent. Qatar is also one of the launch customers for the newest Boeing long-haul jet, the 777-9, formerly code-named 777-9X. Boeing plans to deliver the 406-seat jet from 2020, but aviation news site FlightGlobal reported last year it could advance deliveries to late 2019 due to spare cushion in the development schedule. "We have already told Boeing that as they are bringing ahead the (777-)9X deliveries, we would be interested. The 777-9X programme is ahead of schedule and we have no problem if they want to bring our deliveries ahead,” Al Baker said. A Boeing spokesman said: "Development of the 777X programme is progressing to plan and we will deliver to the schedule we committed to our airline customers." FUEL SURCHARGES Al Baker was speaking after opening a 1,000-square-metre lounge at Paris' Charles de Gaulle Airport, the airline's third such facility abroad after London Heathrow and Dubai. It is also building lounges in Beirut and Bangkok and negotiating space in seven other airports. The expansion comes as Gulf airlines have seen premium yields suffering due to low oil prices and rising capacity. Qatar Airways plans to unveil a new premium cabin in March and is investing an unspecified amount to attract passengers "with the right yield," Al Baker said. But he suggested fuel surcharges may soon be back on the agenda. "(Qatar Airways) had to lower (prices in 2016) because oil prices were going down, but now we are starting to put prices up because oil prices are starting to go up," he said. "Soon, I think not only Qatar Airways but most of the airlines will re-introduce the fuel surcharges because they budgeted on lower fuel price and prices are now rising rapidly." Oil prices have risen 20 percent in three months. Al Baker said the airline had not seen traffic to France fall after recent attacks. The carrier plans to serve Nice five times per week from July and expects to announce a similar service to Lyon soon. It also continues to experience double-digit growth in passenger numbers, Al Baker added. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta, Mark Potter and G Crosse) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Prince Harry introduces girlfriend Meghan Markle to Kate Middleton amid royal wedding rumours International Business Times This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Reuters Animals enjoy the first snowfall of 2017 Press Association video Pictures of the week: presidents, pilgrims and protests Everything you need for your home DIRECTVSponsored The Conqueror: The story of the most toxic movie in Hollywood history Yahoo Movies UK The beauty and chaos of Thundersnow as wintry conditions hit Britain Indian airlines soar but experts warn of turbulence ahead AFP 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Amazing Football Stadiums You Never Knew About Yahoo UK Originals Police desperately hunt visitors spotted outside George Michael's home days before his death Yahoo Celebrity UK Pictures: Tube strike causes travel chaos as millions battle to get into work Date Women Over 50 OurTimeSponsored Premier League Round-Up: Manchester United fuelled by Zlatan's own self-belief Yahoo Sport UK 5 Things We Learned: Manchester United vs Liverpool Yahoo Sport UK Help Privacy Suggestions About our ads Terms By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Companies & Executives > Boeing Scores a $22 Billion Win in Market Dominated by Airbus Boeing Scores a $22 Billion Win in Market Dominated by Airbus Jan 13, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 The deal could help Boeing widen its footprint in the South Asian country, where most of SpiceJet’s low-cost rivals fly Airbus planes. Advertisement Boeing Co. won a $22 billion deal from an Indian budget carrier, pulling off a feat in a single-aisle market ruled by its European rival Airbus SE. SpiceJet Ltd. plans to buy 155 planes, of which 55 were carried over from old orders after renegotiations, the airline based in Gurgaon near New Delhi said in a statement on Friday. It also has options for 50 more, including wide-body aircraft. The commitment, the largest ever for Boeing (IW 500/9) from an Indian airline, comes at a time when both the Chicago-based planemaker and Airbus are facing slowing sales and the highest level of delivery deferrals in at least 15 years following a decade-long shopping spree by jetliners. It will also help Boeing widen its footprint in the South Asian country, where most of SpiceJet’s low-cost rivals fly Airbus planes. Popular Now Dyson Hire From Tesla Stokes Electric Car Expectations Top 10 Manufacturing Countries in 2020 3 Keys to Successful Globalization “Outside of India, Boeing has been doing reasonably well in Asia, with the exception of China,” said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst with Fairfax, Va.-based Teal Group. “Airbus has enjoyed a strong advantage in India, particularly since Airbus is strongest in single aisles, and the Indian market is heavily weighted towards single aisles.” Though Boeing sold fewer jets than it delivered last year as it navigated a market downturn, demand for the narrow-body planes such as the 737 Max remained strong. India needs 1,850 new aircraft worth $265 billion in 20 years, with single-aisle planes making up a bulk of the new deliveries, according to Boeing forecasts. 748 deliveries, 668 net orders & a backlog of over 5,700! Check out all of our 2016 numbers here: https://t.co/9f35Mlz4Jv pic.twitter.com/856oPbn6bZ — Boeing Airplanes (@BoeingAirplanes) January 6, 2017 Asia Pacific will need 15,130 new airplanes valued at $2.3 trillion in the next 20 years, as economic growth in the region boosts middle-class population. That’s 38% of the global estimate of 39,620 aircraft, according to Boeing’s outlook. Friday’s deal adds to the 348 jetliner sales garnered by the Chicago-based planemaker in India. SpiceJet and AirIndia Express are the only budget carriers to use Boeing aircraft in India, while IndiGo, Go Airlines India Pvt. and the local unit of AirAsia Bhd. all fly Airbus jets. SpiceJet shares jumped as much as 4.2% after the deal was announced. EXCL Ajay Singh, Chairman, @flyspicejet: Order marks the start of company’s growth phase in India. pic.twitter.com/lA6Ts2fbrn — CNBC-TV18 News (@CNBCTV18News) January 13, 2017 After knocking off the options, a previously unfulfilled and renegotiated deal for 42 jets and an earlier undisclosed order for 13 planes, SpiceJet’s firm orders are for 100 737 Max 8 aircraft, which at list prices are worth about $11 billion before discounts. Bloomberg News reported on Jan. 6 that the carrier was close to signing a deal for at least 92 planes valued at $10.1 billion, and may boost the total if final talks yield substantial discounts and favorable maintenance contracts. Getting Commercial Terms Right “We spent a considerable amount of time negotiating and finalizing the commercial terms, including maintenance of the aircraft,” Chairman Ajay Singh said in an interview, adding deliveries will start July 2018 through 2024. “It was important for us to get all the commercial terms right.” For SpiceJet, the order signals its resurgence after almost collapsing more than two years ago. The expansion will help it compete against IndiGo, which has some 400-odd aircraft pending delivery from Airbus and controls the world’s fastest-growing major aviation market with a 42% share. A representative for Airbus declined to comment. SpiceJet currently operates a fleet of 32 Boeing 737 jets and 17 Bombardier Q400 turboprops, according to the company. It controls 13% of a market that has seen local carriers almost double to 11 in the past five years. India, where an emerging middle-class is flying for the first time and passenger traffic is growing at double the pace of nearest rival China, is a crucial market for Boeing and Airbus. In 2015, IndiGo, operated by InterGlobe Aviation Ltd., ordered 250 planes from Airbus valued at $27 billion. That followed a 2006 deal for 100 A320 planes and 180 A320neos in 2011. While the potential for growth is prompting airlines in the country to order more planes, they also have a challenge to tackle: Airport infrastructure that hasn’t kept pace with the times. Limited landing and parking slots mean longer time spent circling above airports such as Mumbai during peak hours, wasting precious fuel. “India is an important market both Airbus and Boeing can’t ignore,” said Shukor Yusof, founder of aviation consulting firm Endau Analytics. The SpiceJet order would give Boeing “a lifeline. There’s a lot more to grow in India than other parts of Asia.” By Anurag Kotoky and Kyunghee Park Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Opinion: The End Of The Airbus-Boeing Supercycle For Boeing, 2016 Orders Fell but Deliveries Topped Target Airbus Retains Order Lead over Boeing with Late Sales Windfall Boeing Maintains Lead over Airbus in Long-haul Jets – for Now China's COMAC Chases Xi's Dream to Challenge Airbus, Boeing Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Ball Corporation: Finding Innovation Everywhere Microsoft Buys Canadian AI Startup Maluuba Dyson Hire From Tesla Stokes Electric Car Expectations Lockheed Tells Trump It Will Lower F-35’s Costs, Create New Jobs Takata, Three Executives Charged in US on Faulty Air Bags China Investors Have Money, Want Biotech and Don’t Fear Trump More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Jan 9, 2017 News IndustryWeek Manufacturing Super-Luxury Autos in the US, and Hoping for Karma Points 2 The chief revenue officer of Karma Automotive talks about bringing Fisker electric hybrid designs back from the brink of bankruptcy....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Why Tax Reduction Will Not Create Jobs Tesla Unveils Pricing Structure for Supercharging Stations 15 Facts That Can't Be Ignored About US Manufacturing Mitsubishi on the Hot Seat as Japan Rethinks Culture of Long Work Hours Meet Leo: King of the 3D Scanners IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers The Path to Lowest Cost of Ownership with Industrial Automation Systems The Total Cost of Downtime in Industrial Automation The Components of Lowest Total Cost of Ownership with Automation Systems Cross-Sector Success Guide for SCADA Trends in Accelerating Performance Improvements More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money What Will GDP Say About Economic Growth? DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Boeing and SpiceJet Reach Multi-Billion Dollar Deal Boeing and SpiceJet have agreed to a $22 billion deal for a fleet sale. Edward Hardy Jan 13, 2017 6:35 AM EST Boeing (BA) and SpiceJet have reached a $22 billion dollar deal. The fleet sale, agreed on Friday, is for more than 200 planes. That includes 100 of Boeing's 737 MAX 8 planes (added to a previous commitment of 42), a shift from an unnamed customer of 13 and an option for SpiceJet to buy an additional 50. "We are honored to build upon more than a decade of partnership with SpiceJet with their commitment of up to 205 airplanes," said Boeing Vice Chairman Ray Conner. Boeing shares closed at $158.29 on Thursday in New York, up a firm 18.9% over the past three months If you liked this article you might like Trump Threats Threaten to Take Traders Down Tenuous Trail The danger for investors comes in paying too much attention to what's said, acting on every word and focusing on the short term. Jonathan Heller Jan 13, 2017 10:00 AM EST 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Friday U.S. stock futures point higher Friday as earnings season gets started with a bang with reports from some of the largest U.S. banks. Joseph Woelfel Jan 13, 2017 6:56 AM EST Earnings Season Kicks Off With a Bang Earnings season begins in earnest, with big banks reporting. Edward Hardy Jan 13, 2017 6:41 AM EST Trending Where to Get the Best Birthday Perks Here's Why Macy's Just Fired a Key Executive That Earned $900,000 a Year Watch Apple Try to Prove its Wacky New Airpods Won't Fall Out of Your Ears Most Outrageous Apple iPhone Cases You Just Have to See to Believe Ringling Brothers Circus Closes as Entertainment Companies Grapple With Animal Rights Questions Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site SpiceJet plots expansion with order for 100 new Boeing planes News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business SpiceJet plots expansion with order for 100 new Boeing planes Indian budget airline SpiceJet said on Friday it has agreed to acquire 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, as part of its expansion plans in the world's fastest growing aviation market. Posted 13 Jan 2017 16:05 Updated 13 Jan 2017 20:00 FILE PHOTO: A SpiceJet Boeing 737-800 aircraft taxis on the tarmac after landing at Chhatrapati Shivaji international airport in Mumbai November 26, 2012. REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW DELHI: Indian budget airline SpiceJet said on Friday it has agreed to acquire 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, as part of its expansion plans in the world's fastest growing aviation market. The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the U.S. company's only major customer among the budget carriers now dominating the country's air industry. "This is an extremely competitive market," Ajay Singh, SpiceJet's chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi. "What this aircraft order does is enhance our ability to be competitive in the future as it helps us reduce costs," said Singh, whose airline has about 13 percent of the Indian passenger market, while market leader IndiGo has 40 percent. SpiceJet, which was briefly forced to ground its fleet in late 2014 when it ran out of cash, is the fourth-largest Indian airline behind InterGlobe Aviation's IndiGo, Jet Airways and state-run Air India . Asia, especially India, is a key market for planemakers, with analysts expecting Indian passenger numbers to more than triple over the next 20 years as millions more people become wealthy enough to fly for the first time. Combined, local airlines like IndiGo, as well as GoAir, have already ordered hundreds of new planes from Airbus. Meanwhile Boeing estimates India will need 1,850 new aircraft worth US$265 billion by 2036 to meet demand for air travel. SpiceJet said altogether it has signed a deal to acquire up to 205 planes from Boeing, worth up to US$22 billion at list prices, but that total includes 55 jets already announced in a 2014 deal and the possible follow-on order of 50 more. A source familiar with the deal had said on Thursday that SpiceJet was set to announce an order for as many as 100 new planes. Boeing had already reported an order for 100 737 MAX jets from an unidentified customer that counted as part of its 2016 tally, and on Friday confirmed that order to be SpiceJet's. Shares in SpiceJet rose as much as 3 percent on Friday. LOW-COST LONG HAUL? SpiceJet, which has a current fleet of more than 40 planes, will take delivery of the first of its new jets in the third quarter of 2018, Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president of Asia Pacific & India Sales at Boeing, told reporters. The carrier is expected to have secured a hefty discount from the aircraft list prices, as is common with large orders. "As part of this transaction they (Boeing) have not only been kind enough to give us good commercial terms but have worked hard to reduce the maintenance cost of the fleet going forward," said Singh. He said he was weighing up various options for financing the new purchase, including sale and leaseback, but he ruled out issuing more debt or raising equity to pay for the planes. The new aircraft increases the range of SpiceJet's flights by up to one hour, opening up many more destinations, including international ones, Singh told reporters. He said the additional acquisition rights also include an option to buy wide-body aircraft for long haul journeys as the airline considers launching low-cost long distance flights. Most Indian carriers have returned to profitability in recent years, thanks in part to lower fuel costs, but challenges remain as carriers struggle to translate surging demand into sustainable profits because of cut-throat competition and high running costs. (Reporting by Aditi Shah; Writing by Tommy Wilkes; Editing by Randy Fabi, Greg Mahlich) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Inhalt Navigation Weitere Inhalte Metanavigation Suche Choose from 30 Languages Albanian Shqip Amharic አማርኛ Arabic العربية Bengali বাংলা Bosnian B/H/S Bulgarian Български Chinese 中文 Croatian Hrvatski Dari دری English English French Français German Deutsch Greek Ελληνικά Hausa Hausa Hindi हिन्दी Indonesian Bahasa Indonesia Kiswahili Kiswahili Macedonian Македонски Pashto پښتو Persian فارسی Polish Polski Portuguese Português para África Portuguese Português do Brasil Romanian Română Russian Русский Serbian Српски/Srpski Spanish Español Turkish Türkçe Ukrainian Українська Urdu اردو Wrong language? Change it here DW.COM has chosen English as your language setting. DW.COM in 30 languages DW AKADEMIE ABOUT DW Deutsche Welle TOP STORIES Germany Germany Guide for Refugees World Europe Africa Crime Fighters Africa on the Move Asia Americas Middle East Business My 2030 Science In Good Shape Technology Spectrum Tomorrow Today Environment Global Ideas In focus DoingYourBit Eco@Africa Culture Film Books Music Arts Digital Culture Lifestyle Travel Sports Bundesliga Champions League National Team F1 eSports More sports SPECIAL Art of Freedom. Freedom of Art. Generation 25 German Book Prize German-Jewish Cultural Heritage Gutenberg in the Cyberstorm Learning by Ear Merkel's pledge Sports: the global language Germany What to wear and what not to wear to the Bundestag 13.01.2017 Middle East Turkey's unemployed journalists 10.01.2017 Business China exports down sharply 13.01.2017 Media Center Live TV All media content Latest Programs Podcasts TV Schedule and Reception TV Programs TV programs Arts.21 Business Check-in Close up Conflict Zone Documentaries Drive it! DW News Eco-at-Africa Euromaxx Europe in Concert Faith Matters Focus on Europe Global 3000 In Good Shape Interview Kick off! Kino Made in Germany PopXport Quadriga Reporter Sarah's Music Shift The Bundesliga The Day Tomorrow Today Treasures of the World World Stories RADIO LEARN GERMAN German Courses German Courses Quick start Harry Deutsch Interaktiv Radio D Mission Europe Deutsch - warum nicht? Audiotrainer Deutschtrainer German XXL German XXL Deutsch Aktuell Deutsch im Fokus Telenovela Bandtagebuch Landeskunde Community D Community D Das Porträt Facebook & Co. Podcasts & Newsletter Service Teaching German Teaching German DW im Unterricht Unterrichtsreihen Deutschlehrer-Info Germany World Business Science Environment Culture Sports TOP STORIES / Business Business India's Spicejet in 'game-changing' deal with Boeing Indian budget airline Spicejet has said it's buying hundreds of Boeing planes as it seeks to hike its share of the world's fastest-growing passenger aviation market. It will be able to expand into long-haul flights. Indian low-cost airline Spicejet announced Friday it was buying up to 205 planes from Boeing in a deal worth $22 billion (20.6 billion euros). The carrier said the contract included 100 737 jets from Boeing's new Max family of aircraft, which it said would help reduce fuel costs by up to a fifth. The deal also included the option to buy 50 wide-body planes suitable for long-haul flights. Spicejet, which currently has just 49 planes, said the order would enable it to boost its domestic operations and potentially expand into long-haul international flights. "This is the largest deal for Spicejet, it's one of the largest in Indian aviation and is the largest for Boeing in India," Spicejet Chairman Ajay Singh said in a statement. Changing environment India's aviation market is growing at double the pace of China's, as an emerging middle class takes to the skies. Watch video 01:24 Share China’s growing power in the skies Send Facebook Twitter Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://dw.com/p/2S0fe China’s growing power in the skies The latest industry figures from the International Air Transport Association (IATA) show India's domestic air traffic grew by 22.3 percent in November year on year, followed by Russia at 15.5 percent and China in third position at 14.9 percent. The deal with Boeing marks a turnaround for Spicejet, whose planes were briefly grounded in 2014 after suppliers refused to refuel them due to unpaid bills. Most of India's airlines are still making losses, while state carrier Air India has long relied on government support. But lower fuel prices and a rise in economic growth have boosted the sector and enhanced airlines' profit prospects. hg/jd (AFP, dpa)   DW recommends Aviation industry agrees deal to curb carbon emissions The international airline industry has reached deal on limiting carbon emissions, billed as the first such worldwide deal for a single sector. Critics say aspects of the plan are unfair - or just too little, too late. (07.10.2016)   IndiGo shares soar in market debut India's leading airline is celebrating a 'blockbuster takeoff' as shares surged high above their listing price. The IPO is aimed at solidifying IndiGo's grip on one of the world's fastest growing aviation markets. (10.11.2015)   Air India to cut cost amid industry turbulence The Indian airliner has announced plans to slash staff and cut costly routes amid increasing pressure from cut-rate competitors. The move comes as the company eyes a possible turn-around after a long spell of losses. (19.01.2015)   Audios and videos on the topic China’s growing power in the skies   Date 13.01.2017 Related Subjects India, Aviation Keywords Spicejet, Boeing, jet order, aviation, India Share Facebook Twitter Google+ More Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Feedback: Send us your feedback. Print Print this page Permalink http://dw.com/p/2Vl7I Related content Asia's aviation industry flying high 15.02.2016 As the Singapore Airshow 2016 kicks off, DW examines the latest trends in the Asia-Pacific's civil aviation industry, and the countries profiting most from the rise in domestic and international air passenger numbers. Date 13.01.2017 Related Subjects India, Aviation Keywords Spicejet, Boeing, jet order, aviation, India Share Facebook Twitter Google+ More Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Send us your feedback. Print Print this page Permalink http://dw.com/p/2Vl7I Takata pleads guilty in airbag scandal The Japanese automotive parts company will pay a total of $1 billion in fines and restitution.  Takata shares hit by bankruptcy reports   The week in review A quick rundown of business events of the week  Police memo on Berlin truck attacker published in German media German media have published details of the security surveillance of assassin Anis Amri in the months before he drove a truck into a Berlin Christmas market. He may have been high on cocaine as he carried out the attack.   Donald Trump slams Angela Merkel's refugee policy US President-elect Donald Trump labeled German Chancellor Angela Merkel's stance on refugees a "catastrophic mistake." He said the policy would lead to even more countries leaving the European Union after Britain.   French left debates migrants and Trump ahead of primary An ex-premier has proposed a carbon tax on American goods and reinforcing national identity through language. But his left-wing rival said Europe will not get away "with warships and barbed wire" in combatting migration.   TOP STORIES Germany World Business Science Environment Culture Sports   A - Z Index MEDIA CENTER Live TV All media content Latest Programs Podcasts TV Schedule and Reception TV Programs   RADIO LEARN GERMAN German Courses German XXL Community D Teaching German ABOUT DW Who we are Press Business & Sales Advertising Travel SERVICE Reception Mobile Newsletters & Co. FAQ Contact   DW AKADEMIE About us Media Development Master's Degree Traineeship Training © 2017 Deutsche Welle | Privacy Policy | Legal notice | Contact | Mobile version
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 8° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Sunshine and clouds mixed. High 31F. Winds light and variable.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies this evening will become overcast overnight. Areas of freezing rain possible. Low 17F. Winds light and variable. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 3:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell AP India's low-cost airline to buy up to 205 new Boeing planes Jan 13, 2017 0 NEW DELHI (AP) — India's low-cost airline Spicejet plans to buy up to 205 next-generation Boeing planes worth $22 billion in a major deal to expand its domestic and international operations. A joint statement by the two companies Friday said the planes booked at the end of 2016 include 100 new Boeing 737 MAX 8s, 42 MAXs, 13 additional 737 MAXs as well as purchase rights for 50 additional planes. SpiceJet is India's fourth-largest airline by number of passengers carried with a market share of 12.9 percent. It flies more than 300 daily flights to 41 Indian and international destinations. "The Boeing 737 class of aircraft has been the backbone of our fleet since SpiceJet began (in 2005), with its high reliability, low operation economies and comfort," said Ajay Singh, Spicejet chairman and managing director. Ray Conner, a top Boeing official, said the economics of the 737 MAXs would allow SpiceJet to profitably open new markets, expand connectively within India and beyond. India's booming economy and growing middle class have helped to make it the world's fastest-growing air travel market. The number of passengers grew 20 percent last year, and airlines are announcing flights to new destinations in the country almost every week. Domestic air passengers are expected to jump from the current 70 million to 300 million by 2022, and to 500 million by 2027. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Business General News Transportation And Shipping Industrial Products And Services Ownership Changes Corporate News × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Business Directory Latest Local Offers Carroll's Popcorn & Frozen Yogurt www.LaCrossePopcorn.com...join our mailing list and never miss an update! Carroll's Popcorn & Frozen Yogurt - Located in the Valley View Mall Updated Jan 11, 2017 Winona Leasing & Sales NEW LOCATION! The new Winona Leasing is located conveniently at the intersection of Hwy 14 & Hwy61! Visit us today 1777 W. Service Drive, Winona, MN or call us at (507)-454-3671! Updated Jan 9, 2017 ≫ today's question Which month is your favorite? You voted: January February March April May June July August September October November December Vote View Results Back ≫ things to do Jan 15 Women of the Moose bingo Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 1:00 pm Jan 15 Faith-based sexuality class Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 10:00 am Jan 15 Bingo Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 2:00 pm Jan 15 Omelette breakfast Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 8:00 am Jan 15 Simple Roots with Pigtown Fling String Band Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 12:30 pm Jan 15 Bingo Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 3:00 pm Click here for more events Submit your event More Jobs Top Jobs Job Board 30521251.pdf 30519424.pdf Bulletin Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses Paws - Itive Pet Grooming 22 West Spring Street, Chippewa Falls, WI 54729 Wiebke Trading Company 110 Rose St, La Crosse, WI 54603 Ads Kirchner Custom Builders, Inc. 2809 28th Street South, La Crosse, WI 54601 Ads Breyer's Sales & Service 523 S 7 St, La Crescent, MN 55947 Currents Autos What are the best cars for family road trips? Home and Garden One big reason why table saw kickback can be so dangerous +12 Entertainment From 'Home Alone' to 'Zoolander': Trump's long list of TV and movie cameos Today's Birthdays, Jan. 13: Rip Taylor Today In History, Jan. 13: Costa Concordia Today’s top pics: Europe in deep freeze and more Your daily 6: New homes for Don Draper ... and the San Diego Chargers Falcons hope for 1 more game at Georgia Dome _ for NFC title Fixing mistakes key for Patriots heading into AFC title game No spark: Chargers logo, player booed at Clippers-Lakers Draisaitl, Letestu score in SO; Oilers beat Flames 2-1 TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: Oregon zoo animals frolic in the snow Video: Study finds lower mortality risk for ‘weekend warriors’ Video: Ruby seadragon filmed for the first time Video: New monuments named by President Obama recall dark parts of US history News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad SpiceJet plots expansion with order for 100 new Boeing planes By Reuters Published: 06:47 EST, 13 January 2017 | Updated: 06:47 EST, 13 January 2017 e-mail By Aditi Shah and Tommy Wilkes NEW DELHI, Jan 13 (Reuters) - Indian budget airline SpiceJet said on Friday it has agreed to acquire 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, as part of its expansion plans in the world's fastest growing aviation market. The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the U.S. company's only major customer among the budget carriers now dominating the country's air industry. "This is an extremely competitive market," Ajay Singh, SpiceJet's chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi. "What this aircraft order does is enhance our ability to be competitive in the future as it helps us reduce costs," said Singh, whose airline has about 13 percent of the Indian passenger market, while market leader IndiGo has 40 percent. SpiceJet, which was briefly forced to ground its fleet in late 2014 when it ran out of cash, is the fourth-largest Indian airline behind InterGlobe Aviation's IndiGo, Jet Airways and state-run Air India. Asia, especially India, is a key market for planemakers, with analysts expecting Indian passenger numbers to more than triple over the next 20 years as millions more people become wealthy enough to fly for the first time. Combined, local airlines like IndiGo, as well as GoAir, have already ordered hundreds of new planes from Airbus. Meanwhile Boeing estimates India will need 1,850 new aircraft worth $265 billion by 2036 to meet demand for air travel. SpiceJet said altogether it has signed a deal to acquire up to 205 planes from Boeing, worth up to $22 billion at list prices, but that total includes 55 jets already announced in a 2014 deal and the possible follow-on order of 50 more. A source familiar with the deal had said on Thursday that SpiceJet was set to announce an order for as many as 100 new planes. Boeing had already reported an order for 100 737 MAX jets from an unidentified customer that counted as part of its 2016 tally, and on Friday confirmed that order to be SpiceJet's. Shares in SpiceJet rose as much as 3 percent on Friday. LOW-COST LONG HAUL? SpiceJet, which has a current fleet of more than 40 planes, will take delivery of the first of its new jets in the third quarter of 2018, Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president of Asia Pacific & India Sales at Boeing, told reporters. The carrier is expected to have secured a hefty discount from the aircraft list prices, as is common with large orders. "As part of this transaction they (Boeing) have not only been kind enough to give us good commercial terms but have worked hard to reduce the maintenance cost of the fleet going forward," said Singh. He said he was weighing up various options for financing the new purchase, including sale and leaseback, but he ruled out issuing more debt or raising equity to pay for the planes. The new aircraft increases the range of SpiceJet's flights by up to one hour, opening up many more destinations, including international ones, Singh told reporters. He said the additional acquisition rights also include an option to buy wide-body aircraft for long haul journeys as the airline considers launching low-cost long distance flights. Most Indian carriers have returned to profitability in recent years, thanks in part to lower fuel costs, but challenges remain as carriers struggle to translate surging demand into sustainable profits because of cut-throat competition and high running costs. (Reporting by Aditi Shah; Writing by Tommy Wilkes; Editing by Randy Fabi, Greg Mahlich) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 23° F Clear Hi: 33° F Lo: 21° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Latest Headlines Man stabbed during party at university chancellor’s home Updated: 11 mins ago STOUGHTON, Mass. (AP) — A man was stabbed during an early morning house party at the home of a Massachusetts university chancellor while he … Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Updated: 31 mins ago ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — This time it was a catch, and another win for the Green Bay Packers. Call it a “Half Mary” from Aaron Rodgers. Rodge… PBS Kids round-the-clock TV, online channel launches Monday Updated: 11 mins ago PBS: No ‘red flag’ on funding under Trump, but it’s early Updated: 11 mins ago Forecast predicts sharp plunge in UK merger activity 7:50 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 23° F Clear Feels Like: 17° F Wind: S 5 Humidity: 81% Dewpoint: 18° F Sunrise: 7:43 AM Sunset: 5:06 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines WNY Congressman joins fight for domestic violence registry January 10, 2017 A Southern Tier family has new hope now that Congressman Tom Reed has joined the fight for a federal domestic violence registry. Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Special Report Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines SMU pulls away from Tulane in second half, 80-64 Updated: 16 mins ago NEW ORLEANS (AP) — Semi Ojeleye scored 21 points and Jarrey Foster added 19 more to lead SMU to an 80-64 win over Tulane on Sunday night. Be… Okogie, Stephens help Georgia Tech beat NC State 86-76 Updated: 16 mins ago RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Freshman Josh Okogie scored 27 points to help Georgia Tech beat North Carolina State 86-76 on Sunday night. Quinton Ste… Women’s Top 25 Fared 8:10 pm No. 10 Oregon State women beat Southern Cal 74-60 Updated: 16 mins ago Greenwood, Hayes lead SE Louisiana past McNeese St, 79-75 8:10 pm Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 23° F Clear Hi: 33° F Lo: 21° F India’s low-cost airline to buy up to 205 new Boeing planes The Associated Press Published: January 13, 2017, 5:50 am Updated: January 13, 2017, 6:00 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) NEW DELHI (AP) — India’s low-cost airline Spicejet plans to buy up to 205 next-generation Boeing planes worth $22 billion in a major deal to expand its domestic and international operations. A joint statement by the two companies Friday said the planes booked at the end of 2016 include 100 new Boeing 737 MAX 8s, 42 MAXs, 13 additional 737 MAXs as well as purchase rights for 50 additional planes. SpiceJet is India’s fourth-largest airline by number of passengers carried with a market share of 12.9 percent. It flies more than 300 daily flights to 41 Indian and international destinations. “The Boeing 737 class of aircraft has been the backbone of our fleet since SpiceJet began (in 2005), with its high reliability, low operation economies and comfort,” said Ajay Singh, Spicejet chairman and managing director. Ray Conner, a top Boeing official, said the economics of the 737 MAXs would allow SpiceJet to profitably open new markets, expand connectively within India and beyond. India’s booming economy and growing middle class have helped to make it the world’s fastest-growing air travel market. The number of passengers grew 20 percent last year, and airlines are announcing flights to new destinations in the country almost every week. Domestic air passengers are expected to jump from the current 70 million to 300 million by 2022, and to 500 million by 2027. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Special Report Giving Gavin the gift of sound January 11, 2017 Gavin, who will be 3 in February, is nearly blind and would be severely deaf, without new cochlear implants Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
India's low-cost airline to buy up to 205 new Boeing planes - News9.com - Oklahoma City, OK - News, Weather, Video and Sports | Oklahoma Headlines 9 Investigates Special Coverage My 2 Cents Politics Health About Your Retirement Strange News Submit News Tips Email Sign-Up Radars Weather In-Depth Current Temps News 9 Traffic Map Weather 101 Safety Tips Weather Community SKYCAMS Storm Zone News 9 Videos Watch CBS Shows VideoBytes Video Requests The Vault Latest Recipes By Type By Specialty Sign Up For Recipe Emails Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Text & Win Concept Home Food For Kids TV Schedules Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH Print India's low-cost airline to buy up to 205 new Boeing planes Posted: Friday, January 13, 2017 5:54 AM EST Updated: Friday, January 13, 2017 6:14 AM EST NationalMore>> Man stabbed during party at university chancellor's home Man stabbed during party at university chancellor's home Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:36 PM EST2017-01-16 02:36:10 GMT A man was stabbed during an early morning house party at the home of a Massachusetts university chancellor while he was out of town, police said.More >> A man was stabbed during an early morning house party at the home of a Massachusetts university chancellor while he was out of town, police said.More >> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More >> Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More >> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >> Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >> Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:25 AM EST2017-01-15 13:25:54 GMT The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to...More >> The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to be done.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real money More >> The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real moneyMore >> US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air Act More >> The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air ActMore >> Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom More >> President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of FreedomMore >> Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal government More >> The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal governmentMore >> Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the... More >> Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the...More >> Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been released More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been releasedMore >> Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare.  More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare. More >> Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nation More >> President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nationMore >> 'Yes we did' - Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speech 'Yes we did' - Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speech President Barack Obama bid farewell to the nation on Tuesday in an emotional speech that sought to comfort a country on edge over rapid economic changes, persistent security threats and the election of Donald Trump More >> President Barack Obama bid farewell to the nation on Tuesday in an emotional speech that sought to comfort a country on edge over rapid economic changes, persistent security threats and the election of Donald TrumpMore >> The Latest: Obama says citizens must protect way of life The Latest: Obama says citizens must protect way of life President Barack Obama says in his farewell address that protecting the nation's way of life is the job of citizens as well as the military More >> President Barack Obama says in his farewell address that protecting the nation's way of life is the job of citizens as well as the militaryMore >>    NEW DELHI (AP) - India's low-cost airline Spicejet plans to buy up to 205 next-generation Boeing planes worth $22 billion in a major deal to expand its domestic and international operations. A joint statement by the two companies Friday said the planes booked at the end of 2016 include 100 new Boeing 737 MAX 8s, 42 MAXs, 13 additional 737 MAXs as well as purchase rights for 50 additional planes. SpiceJet is India's fourth-largest airline by number of passengers carried with a market share of 12.9 percent. It flies more than 300 daily flights to 41 Indian and international destinations. "The Boeing 737 class of aircraft has been the backbone of our fleet since SpiceJet began (in 2005), with its high reliability, low operation economies and comfort," said Ajay Singh, Spicejet chairman and managing director. Ray Conner, a top Boeing official, said the economics of the 737 MAXs would allow SpiceJet to profitably open new markets, expand connectively within India and beyond. India's booming economy and growing middle class have helped to make it the world's fastest-growing air travel market. The number of passengers grew 20 percent last year, and airlines are announcing flights to new destinations in the country almost every week. Domestic air passengers are expected to jump from the current 70 million to 300 million by 2022, and to 500 million by 2027. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News 9 7401 N. Kelley Ave. Oklahoma City, OK 73111 OKLAHOMA CITY'S OWN TM Oklahoma's Own News9.com is proud to provide Oklahomans with timely and relevant news and information, sharing the stories, pictures and loves of Oklahomans across our great state including Oklahoma City's Own. Station Profile & Public Inspection Files NEWS 9 Investigates Crime Education Special Coverage Health Politics Links Consumer Watch My 2 Cents WEATHER Interactive ESP Street Level Radar Current Temps Weather 101 Weather Community Storm Tracker Weather In-Depth FEATURED Video Share Recipes Classifieds Contests Community Contact Us Employment DIGITAL NETWORK NewsOn6.com News9.com TulsaCW.com RadioOklahoma.net OklahomaFarmReport.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 KWTV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News China steel exports fall from record in relief for global steelmakers Tata Steel offers to pay millions for pension scheme revamp - FT Business Standard SpiceJet to buy 100 new Boeing planes, eyes India expansion Reuters  |  NEW DELHI  January 13, 2017 Last Updated at 14:22 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UScx2G ALSO READ SpiceJet to seal $10 billion deal with Boeing for 737 jets, sources say Boeing says to deliver India's SpiceJet's first new planes in 2018 SpiceJet to seal $10 billion deal with Boeing for 737 jets - sources SpiceJet agrees to buy 100 new planes from Boeing SpiceJet clocks highest December OTP in Delhi By Aditi Shah and Tommy Wilkes NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Budget carrier SpiceJet said on Friday it had agreed to buy 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, as part of its expansion plans in the world's fastest growing aviation market. The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the U.S. company's only major customer among the budget carriers now dominating the country's air industry. "As part of this transaction they (Boeing) have not only been kind enough to give us good commercial terms but have worked hard to reduce the maintenance cost of the fleet going forward," Ajay Singh, SpiceJet's chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi. Asian airlines are driving much of the growth in big planemaker order books, and analysts expect India's market to grow substantially over the next decade as millions fly for the first time each year. Indian airlines such as the biggest, InterGlobe Aviation's IndiGo, as well as GoAir have collectively ordered hundreds of new planes from Airbus. SpiceJet said it had signed a deal for buying up to 205 planes from Boeing - worth up to $22 billion at list prices - but the announcement includes 55 jets already announced in a 2014 deal and the possible follow-on order of 50 more. A source told Reuters on Thursday that SpiceJet was set to announce an order for as many as 100 new planes. It was not immediately clear if the order adds to Boeing's previously announced tally. However, the company previously posted an order for 100 737 MAX jets from an unidentified customer that counted as part of its 2016 tally. LOW-COST LONG HAUL? SpiceJet, which has a current fleet of around 40 planes, will start getting the first of its new jets in the third quarter of 2018, Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president of Asia Pacific & India Sales at Boeing, told reporters. The carrier is expected to have secured a hefty discount from the aircraft list prices, as is common with large orders. SpiceJet's Singh said he was weighing up various options for financing the new purchase, including sale and leaseback, but he ruled out issuing more debt to pay for the planes. He said the additional purchase rights also include an option to buy wide-body aircraft for long haul journeys as the airline considers launching low-cost long distance flights. SpiceJet, which was briefly forced to ground its fleet in late 2014 when it ran out of cash, has about 13 percent of the Indian air passenger market. That is behind market leader IndiGo, Jet Airways and state-run Air India. Most Indian airlines have returned to profitability in recent years, thanks in part to lower fuel costs, but challenges remain as carriers struggle to translate surging demand into sustainable profits because of cut-throat competition and high running costs. (Reporting by Aditi Shah; Writing by Tommy Wilkes; Editing by Randy Fabi) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Boeing | Spicejet | New Delhi | Air India | India | Delhi PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? SpiceJet to buy 100 new Boeing planes, eyes India expansion NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Budget carrier SpiceJet said on Friday it had agreed to buy 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, as part of its expansion plans in the world's fastest growing aviation market. By Aditi Shah and Tommy Wilkes NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Budget carrier SpiceJet said on Friday it had agreed to buy 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, as part of its expansion plans in the world's fastest growing aviation market. The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the U.S. company's only major customer among the budget carriers now dominating the country's air industry. "As part of this transaction they (Boeing) have not only been kind enough to give us good commercial terms but have worked hard to reduce the maintenance cost of the fleet going forward," Ajay Singh, SpiceJet's chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi. Asian airlines are driving much of the growth in big planemaker order books, and analysts expect India's market to grow substantially over the next decade as millions fly for the first time each year. Indian airlines such as the biggest, InterGlobe Aviation's IndiGo, as well as GoAir have collectively ordered hundreds of new planes from Airbus. SpiceJet said it had signed a deal for buying up to 205 planes from Boeing - worth up to $22 billion at list prices - but the announcement includes 55 jets already announced in a 2014 deal and the possible follow-on order of 50 more. A source told Reuters on Thursday that SpiceJet was set to announce an order for as many as 100 new planes. It was not immediately clear if the order adds to Boeing's previously announced tally. However, the company previously posted an order for 100 737 MAX jets from an unidentified customer that counted as part of its 2016 tally. LOW-COST LONG HAUL? SpiceJet, which has a current fleet of around 40 planes, will start getting the first of its new jets in the third quarter of 2018, Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president of Asia Pacific & India Sales at Boeing, told reporters. The carrier is expected to have secured a hefty discount from the aircraft list prices, as is common with large orders. SpiceJet's Singh said he was weighing up various options for financing the new purchase, including sale and leaseback, but he ruled out issuing more debt to pay for the planes. He said the additional purchase rights also include an option to buy wide-body aircraft for long haul journeys as the airline considers launching low-cost long distance flights. SpiceJet, which was briefly forced to ground its fleet in late 2014 when it ran out of cash, has about 13 percent of the Indian air passenger market. That is behind market leader IndiGo, Jet Airways and state-run Air India. Most Indian airlines have returned to profitability in recent years, thanks in part to lower fuel costs, but challenges remain as carriers struggle to translate surging demand into sustainable profits because of cut-throat competition and high running costs. (Reporting by Aditi Shah; Writing by Tommy Wilkes; Editing by Randy Fabi) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 SpiceJet to buy 100 new Boeing planes, eyes India expansion By Aditi Shah and Tommy Wilkes NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Budget carrier SpiceJet said on Friday it had agreed to buy 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, as part of its expansion plans in the world's fastest growing aviation market. The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the U.S. company's only major customer among the budget carriers now dominating the country's air industry. "As part of this transaction they (Boeing) have not only been kind enough to give us good commercial terms but have worked hard to reduce the maintenance cost of the fleet going forward," Ajay Singh, SpiceJet's chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi. Asian airlines are driving much of the growth in big planemaker order books, and analysts expect India's market to grow substantially over the next decade as millions fly for the first time each year. Indian airlines such as the biggest, InterGlobe Aviation's IndiGo, as well as GoAir have collectively ordered hundreds of new planes from Airbus. SpiceJet said it had signed a deal for buying up to 205 planes from Boeing - worth up to $22 billion at list prices - but the announcement includes 55 jets already announced in a 2014 deal and the possible follow-on order of 50 more. A source told Reuters on Thursday that SpiceJet was set to announce an order for as many as 100 new planes. It was not immediately clear if the order adds to Boeing's previously announced tally. However, the company previously posted an order for 100 737 MAX jets from an unidentified customer that counted as part of its 2016 tally. LOW-COST LONG HAUL? SpiceJet, which has a current fleet of around 40 planes, will start getting the first of its new jets in the third quarter of 2018, Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president of Asia Pacific & India Sales at Boeing, told reporters. The carrier is expected to have secured a hefty discount from the aircraft list prices, as is common with large orders. SpiceJet's Singh said he was weighing up various options for financing the new purchase, including sale and leaseback, but he ruled out issuing more debt to pay for the planes. He said the additional purchase rights also include an option to buy wide-body aircraft for long haul journeys as the airline considers launching low-cost long distance flights. SpiceJet, which was briefly forced to ground its fleet in late 2014 when it ran out of cash, has about 13 percent of the Indian air passenger market. That is behind market leader IndiGo, Jet Airways and state-run Air India. Most Indian airlines have returned to profitability in recent years, thanks in part to lower fuel costs, but challenges remain as carriers struggle to translate surging demand into sustainable profits because of cut-throat competition and high running costs. (Reporting by Aditi Shah; Writing by Tommy Wilkes; Editing by Randy Fabi) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Samsung leader quizzed for over 22 hours in South Korea corruption scandal India's 2016 Iran oil imports hit record high - trade Business Standard Boeing says to deliver India's SpiceJet's first new planes in 2018 Reuters  |  NEW DELHI  January 13, 2017 Last Updated at 13:22 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UScx18 ALSO READ SpiceJet to seal $10 billion deal with Boeing for 737 jets, sources say SpiceJet to seal $10 billion deal with Boeing for 737 jets - sources SpiceJet clocks highest December OTP in Delhi Bird hit aborts SpiceJet's Pune-New Delhi flight take-off SpiceJet to operate eight new flights during winter schedule NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Boeing will deliver the first of the new MAX 737 jets it has agreed to sell Indian airline SpiceJet in the third quarter of 2018, a senior Indian executive at the manufacturer said on Friday. SpiceJet and Boeing announced an agreement for up to 205 planes on Friday, including a firm order for 100 new planes, 55 from a earlier 2014 deal and purchase rights for 55 more jets. Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president, Asia Pacific & India Sales at Boeing, told reporters in New Delhi that the first planes would be with SpiceJet from next year. (Reporting by Aditi Shah; Writing by Tommy Wilkes; Editing by Malini Menon) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Boeing | Spicejet | New Delhi | India | Delhi PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Boeing says to deliver India's SpiceJet's first new planes in 2018 NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Boeing will deliver the first of the new MAX 737 jets it has agreed to sell Indian airline SpiceJet in the third quarter of 2018, a senior Indian executive at the manufacturer said on Friday. NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Boeing will deliver the first of the new MAX 737 jets it has agreed to sell Indian airline SpiceJet in the third quarter of 2018, a senior Indian executive at the manufacturer said on Friday. SpiceJet and Boeing announced an agreement for up to 205 planes on Friday, including a firm order for 100 new planes, 55 from a earlier 2014 deal and purchase rights for 55 more jets. Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president, Asia Pacific & India Sales at Boeing, told reporters in New Delhi that the first planes would be with SpiceJet from next year. (Reporting by Aditi Shah; Writing by Tommy Wilkes; Editing by Malini Menon) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Boeing says to deliver India's SpiceJet's first new planes in 2018 NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Boeing will deliver the first of the new MAX 737 jets it has agreed to sell Indian airline SpiceJet in the third quarter of 2018, a senior Indian executive at the manufacturer said on Friday. SpiceJet and Boeing announced an agreement for up to 205 planes on Friday, including a firm order for 100 new planes, 55 from a earlier 2014 deal and purchase rights for 55 more jets. Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president, Asia Pacific & India Sales at Boeing, told reporters in New Delhi that the first planes would be with SpiceJet from next year. (Reporting by Aditi Shah; Writing by Tommy Wilkes; Editing by Malini Menon) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Samsung leader quizzed for over 22 hours in South Korea corruption scandal Business Standard SpiceJet agrees to buy 100 new planes from Boeing Reuters  |  NEW DELHI  January 13, 2017 Last Updated at 13:17 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UScx19 ALSO READ SpiceJet to seal $10 billion deal with Boeing for 737 jets - sources SpiceJet to seal $10 billion deal with Boeing for 737 jets, sources say SpiceJet clocks highest December OTP in Delhi Bird hit aborts SpiceJet's Pune-New Delhi flight take-off SpiceJet to operate eight new flights during winter schedule NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Budget carrier SpiceJet said on Friday it had agreed to buy 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, ramping up its fleet as it targets expansion in the world's fastest growing aviation market. SpiceJet said it had signed a deal for buying up to 205 planes from Boeing - worth up to $22 billion at list prices - but the announcement includes 55 jets already announced in a 2014 deal and the possible follow-on order of 50 more. "As part of this transaction have they (Boeing) not only been kind enough to give us good commercial terms but have worked hard to reduce the maintenance cost of the aircraft going forward," Ajay Singh, SpiceJet's chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi. A source told Reuters on Thursday that SpiceJet was set to announce an order for as many as 100 new planes. Singh said the purchase rights include an option to buy wide-body aircraft for long haul journeys as the airline considers launching low-cost flights over long distances. The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the U.S. company's only major customer among the budget carriers now dominating the country's air industry. Indian airlines such as the biggest, InterGlobe Aviation's IndiGo, as well as GoAir and SpiceJet have ordered hundreds of new planes as they rush to win a slice of the boom in demand for air travel. SpiceJet has about 13 percent of the Indian air passenger market, behind market leader IndiGo, Jet Airways and state-run Air India. (Reporting by Aditi Shah; Writing by Tommy Wilkes; Editing by Randy Fabi) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Boeing | Spicejet | New Delhi | Delhi PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? SpiceJet agrees to buy 100 new planes from Boeing NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Budget carrier SpiceJet said on Friday it had agreed to buy 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, ramping up its fleet as it targets expansion in the world's fastest growing aviation market. NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Budget carrier SpiceJet said on Friday it had agreed to buy 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, ramping up its fleet as it targets expansion in the world's fastest growing aviation market. SpiceJet said it had signed a deal for buying up to 205 planes from Boeing - worth up to $22 billion at list prices - but the announcement includes 55 jets already announced in a 2014 deal and the possible follow-on order of 50 more. "As part of this transaction have they (Boeing) not only been kind enough to give us good commercial terms but have worked hard to reduce the maintenance cost of the aircraft going forward," Ajay Singh, SpiceJet's chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi. A source told Reuters on Thursday that SpiceJet was set to announce an order for as many as 100 new planes. Singh said the purchase rights include an option to buy wide-body aircraft for long haul journeys as the airline considers launching low-cost flights over long distances. The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the U.S. company's only major customer among the budget carriers now dominating the country's air industry. Indian airlines such as the biggest, InterGlobe Aviation's IndiGo, as well as GoAir and SpiceJet have ordered hundreds of new planes as they rush to win a slice of the boom in demand for air travel. SpiceJet has about 13 percent of the Indian air passenger market, behind market leader IndiGo, Jet Airways and state-run Air India. (Reporting by Aditi Shah; Writing by Tommy Wilkes; Editing by Randy Fabi) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 SpiceJet agrees to buy 100 new planes from Boeing NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Budget carrier SpiceJet said on Friday it had agreed to buy 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, ramping up its fleet as it targets expansion in the world's fastest growing aviation market. SpiceJet said it had signed a deal for buying up to 205 planes from Boeing - worth up to $22 billion at list prices - but the announcement includes 55 jets already announced in a 2014 deal and the possible follow-on order of 50 more. "As part of this transaction have they (Boeing) not only been kind enough to give us good commercial terms but have worked hard to reduce the maintenance cost of the aircraft going forward," Ajay Singh, SpiceJet's chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi. A source told Reuters on Thursday that SpiceJet was set to announce an order for as many as 100 new planes. Singh said the purchase rights include an option to buy wide-body aircraft for long haul journeys as the airline considers launching low-cost flights over long distances. The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the U.S. company's only major customer among the budget carriers now dominating the country's air industry. Indian airlines such as the biggest, InterGlobe Aviation's IndiGo, as well as GoAir and SpiceJet have ordered hundreds of new planes as they rush to win a slice of the boom in demand for air travel. SpiceJet has about 13 percent of the Indian air passenger market, behind market leader IndiGo, Jet Airways and state-run Air India. (Reporting by Aditi Shah; Writing by Tommy Wilkes; Editing by Randy Fabi) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Boeing snags $11 billion order from India's SpiceJet - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Prep Champs Get Apps Text Alerts Inauguration Viewing Schedule NFL PlayOff Schedule LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV Football CNN Video Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World Inauguration Viewing Schedule The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs NFL PlayOff Schedule Text Alerts Football Pro Football Challenge Nascar Schedule NFL Football Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday Pro Football Challenge WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Football Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Boeing snags $11 billion order from India's SpiceJet Posted: Friday, January 13, 2017 3:02 AM EST Updated: Friday, January 13, 2017 8:02 AM EST Boeing is trying to assemble a group of airlines willing to buy a new version of the 737 jetliner. The new model, dubbed the 737 Max 10X, would be longer than the slow selling 737 Max 9, currently the biggest version of the single-aisle airliner. By Rishi Iyengar NEW DELHI (CNNMoney) -- Boeing has won a massive deal to sell its new 737 jet into the rapidly growing Indian market. The U.S. plane maker is going to supply another 100 of its 737 Max 8 jets to Indian budget airline SpiceJet, an order Boeing says is worth about $11 billion at list prices. It builds on an earlier SpiceJet order for 55 of the 737 Max model, and the airline has the option of buying 50 more in future. Together, the 205 jets would be worth $22 billion at list prices. The new planes will be delivered between 2018 and 2024, the companies said. The deal boosts Boeing's drive to expand its business in India, which is one of the world's largest and fastest growing aviation markets. Its top rival, Airbus, supplies aircraft to several Indian airlines. "We're honored to be here in India in a big way, and this is truly a demonstration of that commitment... to our partners and to the country of India," Boeing vice chairman Ray Conner said Friday. Boeing's fourth-generation single-aisle Max 8 has two new engines and a new tail section and winglets -- designed to cut fuel consumption by 14%. The Max 8 is the first of four 737 Max models Boeing is designing. Boeing has thousands of orders for the 737 Max, including from China's airlines. It is also seeking buyers for the new 737 Max 10X, a longer plane that aims to compete with the Airbus A321neo. SpiceJet chairman Ajay Singh said the airline was considering buying the Max 10X in future. Friday's deal will strengthen SpiceJet's ability to compete in the crowded Indian aviation market, Singh told CNNMoney. He said the low-cost airline is planning to add more routes to destinations in the Middle East, east Asia and eastern Europe. With a booming economy and a rapidly growing middle class, more Indians are taking to the skies than ever before. Air travel grew by more than 20% last year, and India is projected to overtake the U.K. as the world's third largest aviation market by 2026. The 50 Boeing planes SpiceJet has the option of buying also include wide-body aircraft, which would allow it to undertake long-haul international flights. "With this deal," Singh said, "we think we are well placed to take on the world." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DoD•Veterans Affairs•HUD•Tom Temin•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Previous Story New solar farms produce enough to power for 14K homes Next Story Bank of America tops 4Q profit forecasts Home » The Associated Press » Business News » India's low-cost airline to… India’s low-cost airline to buy up to 205 new Boeing planes By The Associated Press January 13, 2017 6:55 am Share NEW DELHI (AP) — India’s low-cost airline Spicejet plans to buy up to 205 next-generation Boeing planes worth $22 billion in a major deal to expand its domestic and international operations. A joint statement by the two companies Friday said the planes booked at the end of 2016 include 100 new Boeing 737 MAX 8s, 42 MAXs, 13 additional 737 MAXs as well as purchase rights for 50 additional planes. SpiceJet is India’s fourth-largest airline by number of passengers carried with a market share of 12.9 percent. It flies more than 300 daily flights to 41 Indian and international destinations. OPM tells DC-area feds how to plan for Inauguration Day “The Boeing 737 class of aircraft has been the backbone of our fleet since SpiceJet began (in 2005), with its high reliability, low operation economies and comfort,” said Ajay Singh, Spicejet chairman and managing director. Advertisement Ray Conner, a top Boeing official, said the economics of the 737 MAXs would allow SpiceJet to profitably open new markets, expand connectively within India and beyond. India’s booming economy and growing middle class have helped to make it the world’s fastest-growing air travel market. The number of passengers grew 20 percent last year, and airlines are announcing flights to new destinations in the country almost every week. Domestic air passengers are expected to jump from the current 70 million to 300 million by 2022, and to 500 million by 2027. Topics: Business News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » India's low-cost airline to… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Fed Photo of the Day Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Today In History 1966: LBJ appoints first African-American Cabinet member A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended Widespread congressional support for Mattis as Defense secretary suddenly devolves along partisan lines Top Story Federal pay freeze likely under new Congress Commentary Chaffetz calls for scrutiny of ethics watchdog for Trump tweets Hearings/Oversight How Fort Myer handles thousands of service members for the inauguration Defense Small Business Administration to help find jobs for Peace Corps volunteers Hiring/Retention Business News Previous Story New solar farms produce enough to power for 14K homes Next Story Bank of America tops 4Q profit forecasts Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
null
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Demonetisation Sport Entertainment Galleries 2016 with TNIE Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai Bengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Nation Biggest ever order from a domestic carrier, SpiceJet firms up orders for 205 planes from Boeing By Sanjay Singh  |  Express News Service  |   Published: 13th January 2017 03:21 PM  |   Last Updated: 13th January 2017 04:50 PM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email SpiceJet airlines (File photo | PTI) NEW DELHI:  In one of the biggest aircraft order by an Indian carrier, India’s fourth largest carrier SpiceJet on Friday announced that it will buy up to 205 Boeing planes worth $22 billion (Rs 1.5 lakh crore). SpiceJet chairman Ajay Singh, who has to his credit bringing back the carrier that was on the verge of closure in December 2014, said it has firmed up plane orders for 155 Boeing 737-8 Max and 50 purchase rights for wide body long haul planes like Boeing 787 Dreamliners and the narrow-bodied Boeing 737s. "This is one of the largest deals in Indian aviation and the largest for SpiceJet," Ajay Singh told reporters. "Our turnaround story has been one which has very few parallels in the world today. We have achieved seven consecutive quarters of profit, highest on-time performance (OTP) and lowest cancellations and a record load factor of over 90% every month for 20 months in a row," Singh explained. India’s aviation sector is witnessing over 20 per cent growth since past four years and has become one of the fastest growing market globally attracting the attention of stakeholders globally, mainly the plane makers, for whom India now is a crucial market. For U.S plane maker, Boeing, the SpiceJet agreement will offer it some cushioning in India’s aviation market as its rival Airbus has won record-sized orders with India’s biggest domestic carrier, IndiGo, and another low-cost carrier, GoAir. While Airbus dominates the domestic short-haul market, which uses narrow-bodied planes, Boeing has dominated the long-haul market in India with wide-bodied passenger aircraft. Airbus commands a two-third market share of aircraft in India. There are 460 narrow- and wide-bodied passenger planes with Indian carriers, and 194 more have been ordered since 2014 excluding the latest orders from SpiceJet. Indian carriers have largely remained with either Airbus or Boeing for narrow- and wide-bodied aircraft, with state-owned Air India as an only exception to have aircraft manufactured by both manufacturers. Airlines benefit by having a fleet of single manufacturer as they have to engage fewer pilots and engineers. Boeing, Airbus or any other aircraft require a different team, which increases an airline’s operational costs. Some of the newer Indian airlines—such as IndiGo—have chosen to buy a single type from a single manufacturer. IndiGo, with a fleet size of 125 aircraft, has all narrow-bodied Airbus, while Jet Airways has largely Boeing, with a few Airbus as well. SpiceJet has a fleet size of 40 aircraft, of which 22 are narrow-bodied Boeing 737-800 and of Bombardiers and turboprops, besides 40 Boeing 737-MAX on order. GoAir has only Airbus planes. In 2015, IndiGo ordered 250 Airbus A320neo planes, Jet Airways ordered 75 Boeing 737 Max planes and Vistara ordered seven Airbus 320neo planes. In 2014, SpiceJet ordered 40 Boeing 737 MAX planes and Air Costa ordered 50 Embraer E-2 jets. In July 2016, GoAir ordered 72 Airbus A320neo. IndiGo, Jet Airways, Air India, Air Asia and other airlines also have deliveries lined up for orders placed between 2011 and 2013, which are adding to their fleet in phases and will be delivered by 2020. TAGS spice jet boeing flight order O P E N Coupon Flipkart Shopclues eBay Latest 26 killed in latest Brazil jail bloodbath Eight men own half the world's wealth: Oxfam Venezuela president renews crisis controls, snubs foes US worked to ensure fair Paris Mideast statement: Kerry Bahrain executions spark violent protests Petrol price hiked by Rs.0.42, diesel by Rs. 1.03 per litre Govt to arrange exam results via SMS for J&K students Gallery Army Day: A show of strength and valour Makara Sankranti: Cattle jumping over fire in Karnataka arrow Videos Army Day celebrations in Chennai Dramatic visuals of Bihar boat tragedy arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express. 2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Cinema Express | Malayalam Vaarika Contact Us | About Us | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad India's low-cost airline to buy up to 205 new Boeing planes By Associated Press Published: 06:57 EST, 13 January 2017 | Updated: 06:57 EST, 13 January 2017 e-mail NEW DELHI (AP) — India's low-cost airline Spicejet plans to buy up to 205 next-generation Boeing planes worth $22 billion in a major deal to expand its domestic and international operations. A joint statement by the two companies Friday said the planes booked at the end of 2016 include 100 new Boeing 737 MAX 8s, 42 MAXs, 13 additional 737 MAXs as well as purchase rights for 50 additional planes. SpiceJet is India's fourth-largest airline by number of passengers carried with a market share of 12.9 percent. It flies more than 300 daily flights to 41 Indian and international destinations. FILE - In this Dec. 8, 2015, the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash. is shown parked before an employee-only rollout event. India's low-cost airline Spicejet plans to buy up to 205 next-generation Boeing planes worth $22 billion in a major deal to expand its domestic and international operations. A joint statement by the two companies Friday, Jan. 13, 2017, said the planes booked at the end of 2016 include 100 new Boeing 737 MAX 8s, 42 MAXs, 13 additional 737 MAXs as well as purchase rights for 50 additional planes. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) "The Boeing 737 class of aircraft has been the backbone of our fleet since SpiceJet began (in 2005), with its high reliability, low operation economies and comfort," said Ajay Singh, Spicejet chairman and managing director. Ray Conner, a top Boeing official, said the economics of the 737 MAXs would allow SpiceJet to profitably open new markets, expand connectively within India and beyond. India's booming economy and growing middle class have helped to make it the world's fastest-growing air travel market. The number of passengers grew 20 percent last year, and airlines are announcing flights to new destinations in the country almost every week. Domestic air passengers are expected to jump from the current 70 million to 300 million by 2022, and to 500 million by 2027. FILE - In this Dec. 8, 2015, the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash. is shown parked before an employee-only rollout event. India's low-cost airline Spicejet plans to buy up to 205 next-generation Boeing planes worth $22 billion in a major deal to expand its domestic and international operations. A joint statement by the two companies Friday, Jan. 13, 2017, said the planes booked at the end of 2016 include 100 new Boeing 737 MAX 8s, 42 MAXs, 13 additional 737 MAXs as well as purchase rights for 50 additional planes. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Boeing Reaches $22 Billion Plane Deal with India's SpiceJet The Street Martin Baccardax 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL CEO says Taco Bell on track to create 100,000 jobs by 2022 'Nothing's really changed' with Amazon promising 100K jobs © TheStreet Boeing Reaches $22 Billion Plane Deal with India's SpiceJet Boeing said Friday that it has reached and agreement with India's SpiceJet for more than 200 planes in a deal that could be worth $22 billion at list prices. The fleet sale, agreed Friday in New Delhi, will be booked in the 2016 year, the companies said in a statement, and includes 100 of Boeing's 737 MAX 8 airplanes added to a previous commitment of 42, a shift from an unnamed customer of 13 and an option for SpiceJet to buy and additional 50. "We are honored to build upon more than a decade of partnership with SpiceJet with their commitment of up to 205 airplanes," said Ray Conner, Vice Chairman, The Boeing Company. "The economics of the 737 MAXs will allow SpiceJet to profitably open new markets, expand connectively within India and beyond, and offer their customers a superior passenger experience." Quotes in the article Boeing Co BOE ▼ 158.61 -0.16 -0.10% Spicejet Ltd 500285 ▲ 65.50 +0.30 +0.46% Boeing shares closed at $158.29 each Thursday in New York, down 0.67% on the session but still up a firm 18.87% over the past three months. Last Friday, Boeing reported 2016 commercial deliveries that hit the company's internal target but fell short of a year prior, and also missed Boeing's goal to match orders with deliveries in what was seen as a year of transition for the aerospace giant. The Chicago-based Dow Jones Industrial Average component said it delivered 748 jets for the year, in line with its forecast of between 745 and 750 deliveries, but fell short of its goal of matching deliveries with new orders. Boeing won 848 orders in 2016 but also had 180 cancellations. Archrival Airbus, which reports deliveries next week, is also predicted to fall short of the 1:1 book to bill ratio in 2016. Boeing in 2015 delivered 762 commercial jets. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From The Street Phoning It in—7 Phone Cases That Range in Credibility The Street Who Is Trump Adviser Anthony Scaramucci? The Street The Cost of College Depends Greatly on Your State and Which Major You Choose The Street From Apple's iPhone to Netflix Streaming, Why 2007 Was the Year That Changed Everything in Tech The Street The Street View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site SpiceJet plots expansion with order for 100 new Boeing planes News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business SpiceJet plots expansion with order for 100 new Boeing planes Indian budget airline SpiceJet said on Friday it has agreed to acquire 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, as part of its expansion plans in the world's fastest growing aviation market. Posted 13 Jan 2017 16:05 Updated 13 Jan 2017 20:00 FILE PHOTO: A SpiceJet Boeing 737-800 aircraft taxis on the tarmac after landing at Chhatrapati Shivaji international airport in Mumbai November 26, 2012. REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW DELHI: Indian budget airline SpiceJet said on Friday it has agreed to acquire 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, as part of its expansion plans in the world's fastest growing aviation market. The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the U.S. company's only major customer among the budget carriers now dominating the country's air industry. "This is an extremely competitive market," Ajay Singh, SpiceJet's chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi. "What this aircraft order does is enhance our ability to be competitive in the future as it helps us reduce costs," said Singh, whose airline has about 13 percent of the Indian passenger market, while market leader IndiGo has 40 percent. SpiceJet, which was briefly forced to ground its fleet in late 2014 when it ran out of cash, is the fourth-largest Indian airline behind InterGlobe Aviation's IndiGo, Jet Airways and state-run Air India . Asia, especially India, is a key market for planemakers, with analysts expecting Indian passenger numbers to more than triple over the next 20 years as millions more people become wealthy enough to fly for the first time. Combined, local airlines like IndiGo, as well as GoAir, have already ordered hundreds of new planes from Airbus. Meanwhile Boeing estimates India will need 1,850 new aircraft worth US$265 billion by 2036 to meet demand for air travel. SpiceJet said altogether it has signed a deal to acquire up to 205 planes from Boeing, worth up to US$22 billion at list prices, but that total includes 55 jets already announced in a 2014 deal and the possible follow-on order of 50 more. A source familiar with the deal had said on Thursday that SpiceJet was set to announce an order for as many as 100 new planes. Boeing had already reported an order for 100 737 MAX jets from an unidentified customer that counted as part of its 2016 tally, and on Friday confirmed that order to be SpiceJet's. Shares in SpiceJet rose as much as 3 percent on Friday. LOW-COST LONG HAUL? SpiceJet, which has a current fleet of more than 40 planes, will take delivery of the first of its new jets in the third quarter of 2018, Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president of Asia Pacific & India Sales at Boeing, told reporters. The carrier is expected to have secured a hefty discount from the aircraft list prices, as is common with large orders. "As part of this transaction they (Boeing) have not only been kind enough to give us good commercial terms but have worked hard to reduce the maintenance cost of the fleet going forward," said Singh. He said he was weighing up various options for financing the new purchase, including sale and leaseback, but he ruled out issuing more debt or raising equity to pay for the planes. The new aircraft increases the range of SpiceJet's flights by up to one hour, opening up many more destinations, including international ones, Singh told reporters. He said the additional acquisition rights also include an option to buy wide-body aircraft for long haul journeys as the airline considers launching low-cost long distance flights. Most Indian carriers have returned to profitability in recent years, thanks in part to lower fuel costs, but challenges remain as carriers struggle to translate surging demand into sustainable profits because of cut-throat competition and high running costs. (Reporting by Aditi Shah; Writing by Tommy Wilkes; Editing by Randy Fabi, Greg Mahlich) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Transportation SpiceJet to buy 100 new Boeing planes, eyes India expansion Friday, 13 Jan 2017 | 4:39 AM ETReuters SHARES Stephen Brashear | Getty Images A Boeing 737 MAX 8 airliner lifts off for its first flight on January 29, 2016 in Renton, Washington. Indian budget carrier SpiceJet said on Friday it had agreed to buy 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, as part of its expansion plans in the world's fastest-growing aviation market. The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the U.S. company's only major customer among the budget carriers now dominating the country's air industry. "As part of this transaction, they (Boeing) have not only been kind enough to give us good commercial terms but have worked hard to reduce the maintenance cost of the fleet going forward," Ajay Singh, SpiceJet's chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi. Asian airlines are driving much of the growth in big planemaker order books, and analysts expect India's market to grow substantially over the next decade as millions fly for the first time each year. Indian airlines such as the biggest, InterGlobe Aviation's IndiGo, as well as GoAir have collectively ordered hundreds of new planes from Airbus. SpiceJet said it had signed a deal for buying up to 205 planes from Boeing - worth up to $22 billion at list prices - but the announcement includes 55 jets already announced in a 2014 deal and the possible follow-on order of 50 more. A source told Reuters on Thursday that SpiceJet was set to announce an order for as many as 100 new planes. It was not immediately clear if the order adds to Boeing's previously announced tally. However, the company previously posted an order for 100 737 MAX jets from an unidentified customer that counted as part of its 2016 tally. Low-cost long haul? SpiceJet, which has a current fleet of around 40 planes, will start getting the first of its new jets in the third quarter of 2018, Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president of Asia Pacific & India Sales at Boeing, told reporters. The carrier is expected to have secured a hefty discount from the aircraft list prices, as is common with large orders. SpiceJet's Singh said he was weighing up various options for financing the new purchase, including sale and leaseback, but he ruled out issuing more debt to pay for the planes. He said the additional purchase rights also include an option to buy wide-body aircraft for long haul journeys as the airline considers launching low-cost long distance flights. SpiceJet, which was briefly forced to ground its fleet in late 2014 when it ran out of cash, has about 13 percent of the Indian air passenger market. That is behind market leader IndiGo, Jet Airways and state-run Air India. Most Indian airlines have returned to profitability in recent years, thanks in part to lower fuel costs, but challenges remain as carriers struggle to translate surging demand into sustainable profits because of cut-throat competition and high running costs. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BA ---
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Companies SpiceJet- Boeing deal: Low-cost carrier places order for 205 aircraft worth $22 billion With the new order, SpiceJet will overtake IndiGo to become India's largest airline as per fleet size. Kalyani Pandey January 13, 2017 14:41 IST A SpiceJet Airlines plane at Bengaluru airportReuters file In what is said to be one of the biggest deals in India's aviation history, SpiceJet, India's low-cost carrier has confirmed its plan to purchase 205 Boeing jets for $22 billion (about Rs 1.5 lakh crore) from the US-based aircraft manufacturer.  With the deal, SpiceJet is seeking to win the market share from its dominant rival -- IndiGo Airlines. The deal, which includes 100 firm 737 Max 8 jets, will build on an existing order for 55 aircraft, the carrier said in a statement on Friday. Also read: Boeing strikes big deal with SpiceJet for 92 Boeing 737 jetliners Additionally, the airline also has the option to buy 50 more wide-bodied aircraft. With this, the total order stands at $22 billion at the listed price.  "SpiceJet's new order underscores it's drive to compete more effectively in India's cut-throat low cost travel market. The deal for up to 205 737MAXs will certainly put it on par with Indigo for domestic dominance and the added range of the 737MAX fleet will allow SpiceJet to open up routes deeper into Asia and even parts of Europe/CIS states," Saj Ahmad, chief analyst at StrategicAero Research, told the International Business Times, India. The deal is seen as a win-win situation for both the parties: The latest order could help SpiceJet become the largest airline in India (as per fleet size), as it competes with IndiGo, which controls the world's fastest-growing aviation market with 42 per cent market share. For Boeing, this deal could signal the aircraft an entry into the Indian market, which is dominated by Airbus.  Last month, SpiceJet had a market share of 12.8 per cent (according to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation). "Our turnaround story has been one which has very few parallels in the world today and we are proud of it. SpiceJet has achieved seven consecutive quarters of profit, highest on-time performance and lowest cancellation rates; a record load factor of over 90% every month for 20 months in a row – a feat that has no parallel in aviation history," Ajay Singh, chairman and managing director, SpiceJe, said in the statement. SpiceJet placed its first order with Boeing in 2005 for Next-Generation B737s and currently operates 32 of the B737s in its fleet besides 17 Bombardier Q400s. The SpiceJet stock closed at Rs 65.50 on Friday, up 2.50 percent from its previous close on the Bombay Stock Exchange.  Related Air fares set to rise after jet fuel prices increase by 8% in the new year? SpiceJet, Jet Airways, Interglobe shares nosedive in 2016; CAPA gives mixed outlook for FY2018 IndiGo, SpiceJet planes in near-miss as catastrophe averted at Delhi airport Also read SpiceJet AGM to decide on Ajay Singh's salary, perks SpiceJet Q2 net profit doubles on higher operating revenues Post Comment IBT TV Close What Christmas dinner looks like around the world Why advertise with us? Latest News Peta buys stake in Louis Vuitton's parent company to push against use of exotic animal skin 15 hours ago By Deependra Jha Automation: How new age machine will replace you and which sectors will be hit hard 16 hours ago By Deependra Jha Editor's Pick Chinese New Year 2017: Here is everything to know about CCTV Spring Festival Gala India to have more jobless in 2017-18: UN report Why advertise with us? most popular After TCS, Infosys, it's over to HCL Tech, Wipro, Tech Mahindra Q3 results TCS beat estimates to report upbeat Q3 numbers, while Infosys cut revenue guidance; investors now await Wipro, HCL Tech and Tech Mahindra results. American furniture brand Ashley set to launch 100 stores in India No specific time-line has been provided for the launch of its stores in India. Post Chandrasekaran's promotion, investors worry over TCS future: Report Ahead of an unpredictable year owing to US elections, Brexit, TCS investors remain worried. Peta buys stake in Louis Vuitton's parent company to push against use of exotic animal skin Peta's move follows its expose of crocodile farms in Vietnam. The organisation released a video last month showing reptiles getting killed in farms which had supplied skins to a tannery owned by LMVH. Photo Gallery Preity Zinta, Poonam Pandey, Parineeti Chopra, Kriti Sanon, Kajal Aggarwal at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards Bollywood celebs like Preity Zinta, Poonam Pandey, Parineeti Chopra, Kriti Sanon, Kajal Aggarwal at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards. Salman Khan, Shah Rukh Khan, Varun Dhawan, Sushant Singh Rajput at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards Bollywood celebs like Salman Khan, Varun Dhawan, Sushant Singh Rajput and others spotted at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Login Subscribe Traffic alert Eastbound I-90 is reduced to one lane and detoured to express lanes until 5 a.m. Monday Boeing & Aerospace Business Local News Boeing wins 100-plane order from India’s SpiceJet Originally published January 13, 2017 at 1:39 am Updated January 13, 2017 at 2:54 pm SpiceJet’s order for 100 737 MAX 8 planes was “booked at the end of 2016,” so presumably was included in Boeing’s count of 534 MAX sales for last year. (Mike Siegel/The Seattle Times) The companies said that including existing orders and future purchase rights, the relationship amounts to ‘a commitment for up to 205 airplanes.’ Share story By Seattle Times business staff   Boeing has won a new order for 100 737 MAX 8 planes from Indian airline SpiceJet, the companies announced Friday in New Delhi. A statement said the order was “booked at the end of 2016,” so presumably it was included in Boeing’s count of 534 MAX sales for last year. The order, with a list price of $11 billion, is worth an estimated $5.08 billion based on market-pricing data from aircraft-valuation firm Avitas. The low-cost airline, which was on the financial brink for two years and is rebounding after a 2015 rescue by co-founder Ajay Singh, also obtained purchase rights for an additional 50 planes. Most Read Stories Michael Bennett explodes at reporter following Seahawks-Falcons game Anti-Trumper John Kasich to doubters: I'm no lame duck Can’t make it to D.C.? Seattle will have own women’s march Man arrested after Bellevue mosque damaged in suspected arson  VIEW Seattle’s Mayor Murray kills city-run bike-share programUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Also, the companies’ announcement cited SpiceJet’s current order for 42 MAXs, and 13 additional 737 Maxs that Boeing previously attributed to an unidentified customer. All those together amount to “a commitment for up to 205 airplanes,” according to the news release. SpiceJet currently operates a fleet of 32 Boeing 737 jets. “With the next generation of 737 and the 737 MAX we are sure that we can be competitive and grow profitably,” Singh said in a statement. Seattle Times business staff Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Aerospace firms starting early to recruit top tech talent Previous Story Investor: Saudi airline Flynas to buy $8.6B in Airbus planes Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business These 8 men are richer than 3.6 billion people combined World Access Companies Car News Interactives America's Choice 2016 CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates Your Money, Your Vote American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets Trump inauguration; Time for Davos; Wilbur Ross confirmation Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance Why it takes years to save for a down payment Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Comic book maker creates a female superhero for Puerto Rico Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Lexus unveils 885 horsepower yacht Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Growing India Boeing snags $11 billion order from India's SpiceJet by Rishi Iyengar   @Iyengarish January 13, 2017: 5:11 AM ET The Max 8 is the first of four 737 Max models Boeing is designing. Boeing has won a massive deal to sell its new 737 jet into the rapidly growing Indian market. The U.S. plane maker is going to supply another 100 of its 737 Max 8 jets to Indian budget airline SpiceJet, an order Boeing says is worth about $11 billion at list prices. It builds on an earlier SpiceJet order for 55 of the 737 Max model, and the airline has the option of buying 50 more in future. Together, the 205 jets would be worth $22 billion at list prices. The new planes will be delivered between 2018 and 2024, the companies said. The deal boosts Boeing's drive to expand its business in India, which is one of the world's largest and fastest growing aviation markets. Its top rival, Airbus, supplies aircraft to several Indian airlines. "We're honored to be here in India in a big way, and this is truly a demonstration of that commitment... to our partners and to the country of India," Boeing (BA) vice chairman Ray Conner said Friday. Related: The world's new planes in 2017 Boeing's fourth-generation single-aisle Max 8 has two new engines and a new tail section and winglets -- designed to cut fuel consumption by 14%. The Max 8 is the first of four 737 Max models Boeing is designing. Boeing has thousands of orders for the 737 Max, including from China's airlines. It is also seeking buyers for the new 737 Max 10X, a longer plane that aims to compete with the Airbus A321neo. SpiceJet chairman Ajay Singh said the airline was considering buying the Max 10X in future. Friday's deal will strengthen SpiceJet's ability to compete in the crowded Indian aviation market, Singh told CNNMoney. He said the low-cost airline is planning to add more routes to destinations in the Middle East, east Asia and eastern Europe. Related: Business class or private jet? This young Indian entrepreneur can help With a booming economy and a rapidly growing middle class, more Indians are taking to the skies than ever before. Air travel grew by more than 20% last year, and India is projected to overtake the U.K. as the world's third largest aviation market by 2026. The 50 Boeing planes SpiceJet has the option of buying also include wide-body aircraft, which would allow it to undertake long-haul international flights. "With this deal," Singh said, "we think we are well placed to take on the world." CNNMoney (New Delhi) First published January 13, 2017: 2:36 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending These 8 men are richer than 3.6 billion people combined Trump renews attacks on 'SNL,' right on cue Lexus unveils 885 horsepower yacht Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring your balance to an 18-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 Jaw-dropping cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Boeing snags $11 billion order from India's SpiceJet - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Prep Champs Get Apps Text Alerts Inauguration Viewing Schedule NFL PlayOff Schedule LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV Football CNN Video Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World Inauguration Viewing Schedule The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs NFL PlayOff Schedule Text Alerts Football Pro Football Challenge Nascar Schedule NFL Football Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday Pro Football Challenge WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Football Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Boeing snags $11 billion order from India's SpiceJet Posted: Friday, January 13, 2017 3:02 AM EST Updated: Friday, January 13, 2017 8:02 AM EST Boeing is trying to assemble a group of airlines willing to buy a new version of the 737 jetliner. The new model, dubbed the 737 Max 10X, would be longer than the slow selling 737 Max 9, currently the biggest version of the single-aisle airliner. By Rishi Iyengar NEW DELHI (CNNMoney) -- Boeing has won a massive deal to sell its new 737 jet into the rapidly growing Indian market. The U.S. plane maker is going to supply another 100 of its 737 Max 8 jets to Indian budget airline SpiceJet, an order Boeing says is worth about $11 billion at list prices. It builds on an earlier SpiceJet order for 55 of the 737 Max model, and the airline has the option of buying 50 more in future. Together, the 205 jets would be worth $22 billion at list prices. The new planes will be delivered between 2018 and 2024, the companies said. The deal boosts Boeing's drive to expand its business in India, which is one of the world's largest and fastest growing aviation markets. Its top rival, Airbus, supplies aircraft to several Indian airlines. "We're honored to be here in India in a big way, and this is truly a demonstration of that commitment... to our partners and to the country of India," Boeing vice chairman Ray Conner said Friday. Boeing's fourth-generation single-aisle Max 8 has two new engines and a new tail section and winglets -- designed to cut fuel consumption by 14%. The Max 8 is the first of four 737 Max models Boeing is designing. Boeing has thousands of orders for the 737 Max, including from China's airlines. It is also seeking buyers for the new 737 Max 10X, a longer plane that aims to compete with the Airbus A321neo. SpiceJet chairman Ajay Singh said the airline was considering buying the Max 10X in future. Friday's deal will strengthen SpiceJet's ability to compete in the crowded Indian aviation market, Singh told CNNMoney. He said the low-cost airline is planning to add more routes to destinations in the Middle East, east Asia and eastern Europe. With a booming economy and a rapidly growing middle class, more Indians are taking to the skies than ever before. Air travel grew by more than 20% last year, and India is projected to overtake the U.K. as the world's third largest aviation market by 2026. The 50 Boeing planes SpiceJet has the option of buying also include wide-body aircraft, which would allow it to undertake long-haul international flights. "With this deal," Singh said, "we think we are well placed to take on the world." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Monday, 16 Jan 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Monday, 16 Jan 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > World   India's SpiceJet buys up to 205 Boeing jets worth $22bn Share Tweet India's SpiceJet buys up to 205 Boeing jets worth $22bn SpiceJ­et curren­tly has just 49 aircra­ft, puttin­g it well behind the market leader Indigo with 400 By AFP Published: January 13, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email Spicejet Chairman Ajay Singh (L) and Raymond L. Conner (R), Vice-Chairman of Boeing, exchange model planes at a press conference in New Delhi on January 13, 2017. PHOTO: AFP NEW DELHI: Indian low-cost airline SpiceJet said on Friday it would buy up to 205 Boeing planes worth $22 billion as it seeks to strengthen its grip on the world’s fastest-growing passenger aviation market. SpiceJet said the order, the largest an Indian airline has ever placed with the US aerospace giant, would enable it to expand its domestic and international operations. “This is the largest deal for SpiceJet, it’s one of the largest in Indian aviation and is the largest for Boeing in India,” SpiceJet Chairman Ajay Singh told journalists as he announced the deal. “We are now in a very good position to expand our network and operations, which includes both domestic and international routes and destinations.” Singh said the deal included 100 737 jets from Boeing’s new Max family of aircraft, which he said would help reduce fuel costs by up to a fifth. The deal marks a major turnaround for SpiceJet, whose planes were briefly grounded in 2014 after suppliers refused to refuel them due to unpaid bills. It now has a 13-percent share of the Indian market, behind rivals Indigo, Jet Airways and Air India. India’s airline market is growing at double the pace of nearest rival China, as an emerging middle-class takes to the skies. Train travel remains slow and demand for low-cost flights has boomed in the past decade. The market is seen as having vast untapped potential with fewer than 100 million of India’s 1.2 billion citizens flying on domestic routes last year. But most of the country’s airlines are still loss-making and laden with debt, while state carrier Air India has long relied on government support. Air India ranked third-worst airline in the world Analysts say lower fuel prices and a rise in economic growth have boosted the sector, with domestic traffic up 21 percent last year. “The airline has done really well from being almost on the brink of closure to nearly seven quarters of profit,” said industry analyst Kapil Kaul. “The new aircraft order is on expected lines and gives them long-term direction. A positive and long-term story is likely to emerge with this order.” SpiceJet currently has just 49 aircraft, putting it well behind the market leader Indigo with 400. It is the only Indian low-cost carrier with a Boeing fleet. The company’s shares have more than tripled since December 2014. Singh said the deal included an option to purchase wide-body, long-haul aircraft in the future. It put the value of the planes at $22 billion at list prices, although it will likely pay less as discounts for large orders are customary. “We are honoured to be the partner of SpiceJet and to be in India in a big way and this is a demonstration of our commitment to our partners and to India,” said Raymond Conner, vice chairman of Boeing. Read more: AIRLINE , india Read full story Recommended Stories Air India ranked third-worst airline in the world Indian national flag-carrier has dismissed the list PIA introduces intranet facility on domestic fligths Intranet facility allows passengers to access entertainment content using own cellphones, tablets and laptops India launches 2nd home-assembled submarine The Scorpène-class vessel is one of six being built by India in collaboration with France’s DCNS Facebook Conversations Reader Comments (1) All Comments Reader's Recommendations cautious Jan 13, 2017 - 4:36PM Reply Ample evidence that you don’t need National Airlines like Air India or PIA which tend to have lousy service and generate enormous losses. Recommend MORE Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 In panic mode: PM battens down the hatches 2 Kareena, Karisma want this actor to marry cousin Ranbir 3 Man who ‘drowned’ taking a selfie returns home safe 4 Ayesha Mumtaz may be questioned over ‘corruption’ 5 Lindsay Lohan’s Instagram says ‘Alaikum Salam’ and people can’t handle it 6 Oops! Vin Diesel says Ranveer is Deepika's 'boyfriend' 7 Karan Johar opens on feud with Shah Rukh Khan 8 Karan Johar's memoir portrays Bollywood's darker side 9 IC-814 hijackers received strong Pakistan intelligence support: Doval 10 Two more tormentors of Tayyaba identified Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows #Hamkey Go Black Tie #RIZJID The Night Away H20 Premier A Touch of Opulence More in WorldHungarian camerawoman gets probation for tripping migrants © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Others UPDATE 2-SpiceJet to buy 100 new Boeing planes, eyes India expansion UPDATE 2-SpiceJet to buy 100 new Boeing planes, eyes India expansion Source : Last Updated: Fri, Jan 13, 2017 14:42 hrs Tweet Mail Print * SpiceJet to buy 100 new MAX 737 planes * Boost for Boeing as Asian airlines swell orders * Deal worth $22 bln if 2014 order, follow-on purchase included * SpiceJet says mulling low-cost long haul flights (Adds details, context) By Aditi Shah and Tommy Wilkes NEW DELHI, Jan 13 (Reuters) - Indian budget carrier SpiceJet said on Friday it had agreed to buy 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, as part of its expansion plans in the world's fastest growing aviation market. The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the U.S. company's only major customer among the budget carriers now dominating the country's air industry. "As part of this transaction they (Boeing) have not only been kind enough to give us good commercial terms but have worked hard to reduce the maintenance cost of the fleet going forward," Ajay Singh, SpiceJet's chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi. Asian airlines are driving much of the growth in big planemaker order books, and analysts expect India's market to grow substantially over the next decade as millions fly for the first time each year. Indian airlines such as the biggest, InterGlobe Aviation's IndiGo, as well as GoAir have collectively ordered hundreds of new planes from Airbus. SpiceJet said it had signed a deal for buying up to 205 planes from Boeing - worth up to $22 billion at list prices - but the announcement includes 55 jets already announced in a 2014 deal and the possible follow-on order of 50 more. A source told Reuters on Thursday that SpiceJet was set to announce an order for as many as 100 new planes. It was not immediately clear if the order adds to Boeing's previously announced tally. However, the company previously posted an order for 100 737 MAX jets from an unidentified customer that counted as part of its 2016 tally. LOW-COST LONG HAUL? SpiceJet, which has a current fleet of around 40 planes, will start getting the first of its new jets in the third quarter of 2018, Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president of Asia Pacific & India Sales at Boeing, told reporters. The carrier is expected to have secured a hefty discount from the aircraft list prices, as is common with large orders. SpiceJet's Singh said he was weighing up various options for financing the new purchase, including sale and leaseback, but he ruled out issuing more debt to pay for the planes. He said the additional purchase rights also include an option to buy wide-body aircraft for long haul journeys as the airline considers launching low-cost long distance flights. SpiceJet, which was briefly forced to ground its fleet in late 2014 when it ran out of cash, has about 13 percent of the Indian air passenger market. That is behind market leader IndiGo, Jet Airways and state-run Air India. Most Indian airlines have returned to profitability in recent years, thanks in part to lower fuel costs, but challenges remain as carriers struggle to translate surging demand into sustainable profits because of cut-throat competition and high running costs. (Reporting by Aditi Shah; Writing by Tommy Wilkes; Editing by Randy Fabi) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 26820.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27170.00 (0.93%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 26900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 26290.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 25850.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26250.00 (0.57%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 26920.00 (0.37%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Business » Companies ﻿ SpiceJet inks deal with Boeing for 205 aircrafts worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore By Ajeet Kumar | Last Updated: Friday, January 13, 2017 - 21:03 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews New Delhi: SpiceJet on Friday announced deal with Boeing for 205 aircrafts worth USD 22 billion (Rs 1.5 lakh crore). With this deal, SpiceJet has enhanced its existing order of 55 aircraft with additional 100 firm B737-8 MAX and 50 purchase rights for B737-8 MAX and wide-body aircraft. An agreement with SpiceJet, would be a much-needed boost for Boeing in India, as its rival Airbus has won record-sized orders with InterGlobe Aviation's IndiGo, India's biggest budget airline, as well as a recent deal with GoAir. SpiceJet had placed its first order with Boeing in 2005 for Next-Generation B737s and currently operates 32 Next-Generation B737s in its fleet and 17 Bombardier Q400s. Announcing the deal here today, SpiceJet Chairman and Managing Director Ajay Singh said, “Our turnaround story has been one which has very few parallels in the world today and we are proud of it. SpiceJet has achieved seven consecutive quarters of profit, highest on-time performance and lowest cancellation rates; a record load factor of over 90% every month for 20 months in a row – a feat that has no parallel in aviation history." “We are now in a very good position to expand our network and operations which includes both domestic and international routes and destinations,” Singh said. “The Boeing 737 class of aircraft has been the backbone of our fleet since SpiceJet began, with its high reliability, low operation economies and comfort. With the next generation of B737 and the B737 MAX we are sure that we can be competitive and grow profitably,” he added. The B737 MAX incorporates the latest technology CFM International LEAP-1B engines, Advanced Technology winglets and other improvements to deliver the highest efficiency, reliability and passenger comfort in the single-aisle market. The new airplane will deliver 20 percent lower fuel use than the first Next-Generation B737s and the lowest operating costs in its class – 8 percent per seat less than its nearest competitor. India is the world's fastest growing aviation market and among the most attractive for plane makers seeking a new wave of growth. Indian passenger numbers are increasing by more than 20 percent annually thanks to low prices and rising disposable incomes. Under chairman Ajay Singh, SpiceJet has been rebuilding its business since almost collapsing after running out of cash in late 2014. The airline has grown its market share and returned to profitability but it remains far smaller than market leader IndiGo. Despite soaring passenger numbers, Indian carriers have struggled to achieve consistent profitability because of fierce competition, regular price wars and high operating costs. Follow @AjeetKumarhisua First Published: Friday, January 13, 2017 - 12:46 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus MOST READ TOP NEWS MOST VIEWED Petrol price hiked by 42 paisa per litre, diesel by Rs 1.03 a litre Beware of emails from 'Income Tax Department' which may lead to fake online site of banks Desist from being flippant about Indian symbols, icons: Shaktikanta Das to Amazon Demonetisation shows 'boldness' of Modi: France AirAsia India offers low fares one way Zeegnition : Review of Maruti Ignis Zeegnition : Review of Ducati XDiavel Prices of petrol in 10 major Indian cities Prices of diesel in 10 major Indian cities CBI files FIR in Air India software procurement 'scam' of Rs 225 crore 8,300 non-technical govt jobs open for class 10 passouts; application for SSC exam closes on Jan 30 Related News   IndiGo, SpiceJet raise red flag over FDI norms in aviation Airfare war: IndiGo, Air India, SpiceJet offer tickets starting at Rs 789 SpiceJet annual sale offers fares starting at Rs 789; book by December 31 SpiceJet shareholders clear Rs 15 crore annual pay for Ajay Singh Shell out little more even to book middle seat in flights, preferred seats attract more charges TAGS SpiceJet Boeing SpiceJet- Boeing deal Ajay Singh Boeing in India Gallery 10 Major Cars Launched in 2016 10 Most Expensive Hotels In India Top 10 countries in ease of doing business TOP VIDEOS Zeegnition : Review of Maruti Ignis Zeegnition : Review of Ducati XDiavel Natarajan Chandrasekaran apponted as the new chairman of Tata Sons contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Bollywood television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood lifestyle People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality sports Cricket Badminton Football Tennis Other Sports business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money What Will GDP Say About Economic Growth? DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Boeing Reaches $22 Billion Plane Deal With India's SpiceJet Boeing reached an agreement with India's SpiceJet for more than 200 planes in a deal that could be worth $22 billion at list prices. Martin Baccardax Jan 13, 2017 2:32 AM EST Boeing (BA) said Friday that it has reached an agreement with India's SpiceJet for more than 200 planes in a deal that could be worth $22 billion at list prices.  The fleet sale, agreed Friday in New Delhi, will be booked in the 2016 year, the companies said in a statement, and includes 100 of Boeing's 737 MAX 8 airplanes added to a previous commitment of 42, a shift from an unnamed customer of 13 and an option for SpiceJet to buy and additional 50.  "We are honored to build upon more than a decade of partnership with SpiceJet with their commitment of up to 205 airplanes," said Boeing's vice chairman Ray Conner. "The economics of the 737 MAXs will allow SpiceJet to profitably open new markets, expand connectively within India and beyond, and offer their customers a superior passenger experience." Boeing shares closed at $158.29 each Thursday in New York, down 0.67% on the session but still up a firm 18.87% over the past three months.  Last Friday,  Boeing reported 2016 commercial deliveries that hit the company's internal target but fell short of a year prior, and also missed Boeing's goal to match orders with deliveries in what was seen as a year of transition for the aerospace giant. The Chicago-based Dow Jones Industrial Average component said it delivered 748 jets for the year, in line with its forecast of between 745 and 750 deliveries, but fell short of its goal of matching deliveries with new orders. Boeing won 848 orders in 2016 but also had 180 cancellations. Prev 0 of 2 Next If you liked this article you might like Trump Threats Threaten to Take Traders Down Tenuous Trail The danger for investors comes in paying too much attention to what's said, acting on every word and focusing on the short term. Jonathan Heller Jan 13, 2017 10:00 AM EST 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Friday U.S. stock futures point higher Friday as earnings season gets started with a bang with reports from some of the largest U.S. banks. Joseph Woelfel Jan 13, 2017 6:56 AM EST Earnings Season Kicks Off With a Bang Earnings season begins in earnest, with big banks reporting. Edward Hardy Jan 13, 2017 6:41 AM EST Boeing and SpiceJet Reach Multi-Billion Dollar Deal Boeing and SpiceJet have agreed to a $22 billion deal for a fleet sale. Edward Hardy Jan 13, 2017 6:35 AM EST Trending Where to Get the Best Birthday Perks Here's Why Macy's Just Fired a Key Executive That Earned $900,000 a Year Watch Apple Try to Prove its Wacky New Airpods Won't Fall Out of Your Ears Most Outrageous Apple iPhone Cases You Just Have to See to Believe Ringling Brothers Circus Closes as Entertainment Companies Grapple With Animal Rights Questions Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Mon, Jan 16, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Transport & Tourism Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Boeing wins $22bn plane order from India’s SpiceJet Budget carrier is seeking to claw back market share from leader IndiGo Fri, Jan 13, 2017, 07:57 The deal, which includes 100 737 Max 8 jets, builds on an existing order for 55 aircraft         Boeing won an order for 205 planes from SpiceJet, marking the biggest expansion plan by the Indian budget carrier that is seeking to claw back market share from leader IndiGo. The deal, which includes 100 737 Max 8 jets, builds on an existing order for 55 aircraft, SpiceJet said in a statement on Friday. The airline also has the option to buy 50 more, including widebodies. All combined, the order is worth $22 billion at list prices, the airline said, before discounts that are customary for large orders. The order, the largest ever placed by an Indian airline for Boeing aircraft, signals the resurgence of SpiceJet as it competes against IndiGo, which has some 400-odd aircraft pending delivery from Airbus SE and controls the world’s fastest-growing major aviation market, with a 42 per cent share. For Boeing, it marks the widening of its footprint in the South Asian country, where its European rival dominates narrow-body fleets. “We spent a considerable amount of time negotiating and finalising the commercial terms, including maintenance of the aircraft,” company chairman Ajay Singh said. “It was important for us to get all the commercial terms right.” Delivery schedule The planes are for delivery between next year and 2024, he told reporters in New Delhi. The deal adds to the 348 jetliner sales garnered by the Chicago-based plane-maker in India. The purchase commitment comes at a time when both Airbus and Boeing are facing slowing jet sales and the highest level of airplane-delivery deferrals in at least 15 years, after a decade-long jetliner shopping spree globally. SpiceJet’s order includes a previously unfulfilled and renegotiated deal for 42 jets and an earlier undisclosed order for 13 planes. The airline currently operates a fleet of 32 Boeing 737 jets and 17 Bombardier Q400 turboprops, according to the company. It controls 13 per cent of a market that has seen local carriers almost double to 11 in the past five years. ADVERTISEMENT SpiceJet shares have more than tripled since December 2014, when it ran out of cash and grounded its fleet for a day after oil companies refused fuel credit. The stock rose 3.5 per cent to 66.15 rupees as of 12.38pm in Mumbai, giving the airline a market value of 39.7 billion rupees ($582 million/€545 million). The airline was profitable in each of the past seven quarters and had cash and near-cash items totalling 1.97 billion rupees as of September 30th, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Slowdown risk “The bigger concern, we believe, will be with SpiceJet’s financial backing and the willingness of banks to fund this growth,” Mark D. Martin, founder of Dubai-based Martin Consulting LLC, said by phone. “The bigger concern for aviation in India is on account of the economic slowdown caused by the recent step to demonetise the most popular denominations in use.” Add to that the rise in fuel prices, and the net effect on the cost of travel will be at least 20 per cent, he said. SpiceJet does not need to dilute any equity to pay for the order, Singh said. The carrier has sufficient resources within the company, and has already received interest from lessors and lenders to finance the deal, he said. SpiceJet will expand its international operations once the new planes which have a longer range come in. India, where an emerging middle-class is flying for the first time and passenger traffic is growing at double the pace of nearest rival China, is a crucial market for Boeing and Airbus. In 2015, IndiGo, operated by InterGlobe Aviation, ordered 250 planes from Airbus, valued at $27 billion. That followed a 2006 deal for 100 A320 planes and 180 A320neos in 2011. The South Asian country needs 1,850 new aircraft worth $265 billion in 20 years, with single-aisle planes making up a bulk of the new deliveries, according to Boeing forecasts. Airbus dominates the budget airline market in India, with IndiGo, Go Airlines India Pvt. and the local unit of AirAsia Bhd. all flying its jets. (Bloomberg)       Topics: Airbus Boeing Go Airlines Indigo SpiceJet Read More Ryanair shifting growth away from UK despite deal on Stansted Elaine Chao stays quiet on Norwegian Air’s US market bid Nearly 28m passengers passed through Dublin Airport in 2016 Touchdown: Iran’s first new Airbus plane lands in Tehran Road Warrior: Business travel to increase in 2017 Volkswagen confirms $4.3bn US settlement over diesel emissions Significant senior management changes at Bus Éireann Jaguar Land Rover sells record 583,000 cars in 2016 North set to lose its only direct daily air service to US 7% increase in passenger traffic at Knock airport in 2016 Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Oxfam report reveals ‘obscene’ gap between rich and poor Retail & Services Irish retailers angry as State leaves them out in the cold Rugby Ulster unable to build on start as Exeter end European adventure Ireland Great family days out over Christmas and New Year Sponsored Plan your financial future and enjoy your dream retirement Leading the dance: 'Growing up competing I learned the drive to keep going' Redbreast Lustau: an old friend with a new whiskey perspective Making a difficult fertility journey a lot less lonely ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business New orders drive recovery in construction, latest data shows 01:00 Oxfam report reveals ‘obscene’ gap between rich and poor 00:02 Facebook Germany to start tackling fake news within weeks 19:28 Seen & Heard: Silver lining for Apollo House activists? 19:10 For your diary 19:00 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 40 houses owned by Irish EuroMillions family seized 2 Oxfam report reveals ‘obscene’ gap between rich and poor 3 We could be looking at ‘hard Brexit’. But what does it mean? 4 Denis O’Brien’s Digicel faces a cocktail of risks 5 New orders drive recovery in construction, latest data shows 6 Ireland’s GDP figures: Why 26% economic growth is a problem 7 Liquidator appointed to Mayo Renewable Power as rescue plan fails 8 John FitzGerald: What to expect from long-term Brexit effects 9 Starting out on your own: nine things NOT to do 10 Unlocking the blockchain enigma Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE News - direct to your inbox Which Daily Digest would you like? Morning Lunchtime Both Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Mon 16/1/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Menu asia times EST 1995 Business | India's SpiceJet seals US$22 billion Boeing deal Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Like Follow Follow Subscribe To The Daily Brief Search Main China South Asia Insights More Politics Business Culture About Us Search TheBrief Main Latest 16-01-2017 10:49 Hong Kong appeal court rejects Youngspiration duo’s bid to be reinstated to Legco (SCMP) 16-01-2017 10:25 Deciding the location of a U.S. missile defence system in South Korea could be delayed, Seoul's defence ministry said on Monday, according to the Yonhap News Agency. (Reuters) 16-01-2017 10:06 Crowing: Year of the rooster luxury watches have arrived (JingDaily) 16-01-2017 10:04 The Japanese stars of Martin Scorsese's Silence heaped praise on the American auteur's direction at an event at the Foreign Correspondents' Club of Japan (FCCJ). (Kenta Kato) 16-01-2017 09:59 Ban Ki-moon, opposition jostle for South Korea presidential run (Korea Times) 16-01-2017 09:54 Korea prosecutors yet to decide on Samsung chief investigation (Korea Times) 16-01-2017 09:50 Japan’s government computers get regularly hacked (Ayako Mie) 16-01-2017 09:42 Kansai Electric investigated in latest death-from-overwork case (Kyodo) 16-01-2017 09:37 Japan Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Indonesian President Joko “Jokowi” Widodo met south of Jakarta on Sunday, affirming coordination on maritime security amid tensions over China’s military buildup in disputed waters in the South China Sea. (Kyodo, Japan Times) 16-01-2017 09:18 Philip Morris International is fighting to keep a toehold in India’s US$11 billion tobacco market, as the government considers further tightening foreign investment rules in the sector. (Aditya Kalra) 16-01-2017 08:51 SpaceX successfully returns with Falcon 9 launch (TechCrunch) 16-01-2017 07:54 More than six months after Richard Huckle was sentenced to life in jail for sexually abusing scores of children, most families in the Malaysian communities where he lived are declining counselling. (Reuters) 16-01-2017 07:28 Myanmar’s strongest ethnic armed group is set for its biggest leadership shake-up in a quarter century, senior sources said, raising the prospect of a period of instability. (Reuters) 16-01-2017 07:24 Why photojournalists are more important now than ever (Artsy Magazine) 16-01-2017 04:01 Insights // Is China the new custodian of the Middle East? (Shazar Shafqat, Security Analyst) 16-01-2017 01:15 Insights // Empowered Women can create a stronger, healthier Pakistan (Dawar N. H. Butt, Political Commentator) 15-01-2017 20:57 Insights // Note to Abbas: Wake up, China is reshaping the Middle East (Francesco Sisci, Columnist) 15-01-2017 15:57 Myanmar’s “Burmese Python” Aung La N Sang put up little resistance against his Russian opponent, Vitaly Bigdash, who easily retained his ONE Middleweight World Championship on Saturday in Indonesia. (Asia Times staff) 15-01-2017 15:56 Insights // Unrest growing in India’s army, central armed police forces (Kadayam Subramanian) 15-01-2017 12:52 A New York fashion designer was arrested in Mexico and sent to the United States where he is charged in a bribery case that has ensnared relatives of former UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. (Reuters) 15-01-2017 12:22 One of the quirkiest temples in the Tokyo area has to be Gotoku-ji. At the entrance it looks like like many other temples, but take a wander inside and a certain feature makes this place stand out. (Said Karlsson) 15-01-2017 12:09 In an Istanbul neighborhood of Central Asian migrants, there is horror but scant surprise that a gunman who killed 39 people on New Year’s Day may have spent time in their community. (Reuters) 15-01-2017 11:39 Two Chinese nationals of Uyghur origin were arrested on Friday for suspected links to the mass shooting in an Istanbul night club on New Year’s Eve, state-run Anadolu agency said. (Reuters) 15-01-2017 10:38 From retail goods to medical implants, 3D printing technology promises to change the way everyday things are made and will have a permanent impact on manufacturing. (Christopher H Lim and Tamara Nair) 15-01-2017 10:30 India's Hindu pilgrims celebrated on Saturday the beginning of Uttarayana, the sun's movement northward for six months, in the annual Pongal festival that also marks the end of the farming season. (Asia Times and Reuters) 15-01-2017 00:18 Slideshow: Thai military opens barracks for Children’s Day (Asia Times staff) 15-01-2017 00:03 An interview with Tan Heching, author of The Killing Wind, a new book on China's hidden massacres of the Cultural Revolution. (Ian Johnson, NYR Daily) 14-01-2017 23:01 The Islamic State group launched a ferocious assault Saturday on a city in eastern Syria, leaving more than 30 jihadists and regime fighters dead, a monitoring group said. (Agence France-Presse) 14-01-2017 22:24 Merkel warns Trump against protectionism, arguing that "there are more advantages ... to moving forward together than when everyone resolves their problems for themselves." (Agence France-Presse) 14-01-2017 22:08 Indonesia's abrupt easing of a three-year ban on nickel ore exports will not flood the global market but instead aims to balance the country's smelters and create mining jobs, officials said. (Reuters) the brief A SpiceJet Boeing 737-800 aircraft taxis on the tarmac after landing at Chhatrapati Shivaji international airport in Mumbai November 26, 2012. Photo: Reuters/Danish Siddiqui BusinessIndia India’s SpiceJet seals US$22 billion Boeing deal Budget carrier agrees to buy 100 new MAX 737 aircraft to boost fleet in expansion plans By Reuters January 13, 2017 4:33 PM (UTC+8) Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Share 0 Comment 0 Indian budget carrier SpiceJet said on Friday it had agreed to buy 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, ramping up its fleet as it targets expansion in the world’s fastest growing aviation market. SpiceJet said it had signed a deal for buying up to 205 planes from Boeing – worth up to US$22 billion at list prices – but the announcement includes 55 jets already announced in a 2014 deal and the possible follow-on order of 50 more. “As part of this transaction, [Boeing] have not only been kind enough to give us good commercial terms but worked hard to reduce the maintenance cost of the aircraft going forward,” Ajay Singh, SpiceJet’s chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi. The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox A source said on Thursday that SpiceJet was set to seal an order for at least 90 new 737 jets from Boeing. Singh said the purchase rights include an option to buy wide-body aircraft for long haul journeys as the airline considers launching low-cost flights over long distances. The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the US company’s only major customer among the budget carriers now dominating the country’s air industry. Indian airlines such as the biggest, InterGlobe Aviation’s IndiGo, as well as GoAir and SpiceJet have ordered hundreds of new planes as they rush to win a slice of the boom in demand for air travel. SpiceJet has about 13% of the Indian air passenger market, behind market leader IndiGo, Jet Airways and state-run Air India. Indian passenger numbers are increasing by more than 20% annually thanks to low prices and rising disposable incomes. SpiceJet has been in talks with Boeing and Airbus since 2015, and under chairman Singh, the company has been rebuilding its business since almost collapsing after running out of cash in late 2014. The airline has grown its market share and returned to profitability but it remains far smaller than market leader IndiGo. Despite soaring passenger numbers, Indian carriers have struggled to achieve consistent profitability because of fierce competition, regular price wars and high operating costs. Share Tweet Linkedin Email Business India Aviation SpiceJet Comments More on this topic Philip Morris jolted by India ban plan on tobacco investors Aditya Kalra Slideshow: India’s spectacular religious festivals Asia Times and Reuters ‘Black Pongal’ for Tamils amid clashes, arrests in Madurai Asia Times staff EVEN MORE asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin Explore Main China South Asia Insights Politics Business Culture Trending Topics #Southeast Asia #Middle East #Japan #India #Koreas #South China Sea #Sport About About Asia Times Contact Us Advertise with Us Write for Us Terms of Use Privacy The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox © 2017 Asia Times Holdings Limited, All Rights Reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, January 16, 2017 10:55 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money India’s SpiceJet to buy Boeing planes worth US$22b Friday January 13, 2017 04:17 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Singapore ranks second among the world’s most ‘powerful’ passports The Edit: E-waste rising dangerously in Asia The Edit: Where to enjoy modern British art The Edit: Check out VietJet’s ‘gold’ giveaway Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A SpiceJet Boeing 737-800 aircraft taxis on the tarmac after landing at Chhatrapati Shivaji international airport in Mumbai November 26, 2012. — Reuters picNEW DELHI, Jan 13 — Indian airline SpiceJet said today it had agreed to buy up to 205 Boeing planes worth US$22 billion (RM98.2 billion) in what it said was one of the largest deals ever in Indian aviation. SpiceJet Chairman Ajay Singh said the low-cost airline, which has a 13-per cent share of the Indian market, was expanding both its domestic and international operations. “This is the largest deal for SpiceJet, it’s one of the largest in Indian aviation and is the largest for Boeing in India,” he told journalists as he announced the deal. “We are now in a very good position to expand our network and operations, which includes both domestic and international routes and destinations.” The deal marks a major turnaround for SpiceJet, whose planes were briefly grounded in 2014 after suppliers refused to refuel them due to unpaid bills. Analysts say the Indian airline sector has been boosted since then by lower fuel prices and a rise in consumer demand, with domestic traffic up 21 per cent last year. “The airline has done really well from being almost on the brink of closure to nearly seven quarters of profit,” said industry analyst Kapil Kaul. “The new aircraft order is on expected lines and gives them long-term direction. A positive and long-term story is likely to emerge with this order.” SpiceJet, whose market share is only lower than Indigo, Jet Airways and Air India, is the only Indian low-cost carrier with a Boeing fleet. “We are honoured to be the partner of SpiceJet and to be in India in a big way and this is a demonstration of our commitment to our partners and to India,” said Raymond Conner, vice chairman of Boeing. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week World’s eight richest as wealthy as half of humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Sterling hammered on Brexit reports, Asia markets sink Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay set for overhaul Not enough investment in green energy, firm finds Bet on ringgit, EM currencies to rebound, Allianz chief economist says China’s central bank launches spot investigation on bitcoin exchanges Ringgit likely to improve 4.40 against US dollar next week Cardholders need to start using pin to resolve teething problems Malaysia to consider more steps to stabilise ringgit if needed Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Hidden Figures’ tops box office Reuters Video: Chinese president arrives in Switzerland on state visit Reuters Video: Turkey and Russia to invite US to Syria talks, Turkish minister says 'Baywatch' international trailer brings back the sexy Reuters Video: Ben Affleck and Sienna Miller on 'Live by Night' sex scenes Reuters Video: Up to 16 people arrested over Kardashian robbery Related Articles Indian airlines soar but experts warn of turbulence ahead Overseas ambitions, bumper plane orders test Vietnam’s ‘bikini airline’ Boeing said close to US$10.1b order from India SpiceJet Boeing gets US$8.25b order from GE plane leasing arm Iran says it sealed Boeing plane deal at half price Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video SpiceJet plots expansion with order for 100 new Boeing planes Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Fri Jan 13, 2017 | 6:48am EST SpiceJet plots expansion with order for 100 new Boeing planes FILE PHOTO: A SpiceJet Boeing 737-800 aircraft taxis on the tarmac after landing at Chhatrapati Shivaji international airport in Mumbai November 26, 2012. REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui/File Photo By Aditi Shah and Tommy Wilkes | NEW DELHI NEW DELHI Indian budget airline SpiceJet said on Friday it has agreed to acquire 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, as part of its expansion plans in the world's fastest growing aviation market. The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the U.S. company's only major customer among the budget carriers now dominating the country's air industry. "This is an extremely competitive market," Ajay Singh, SpiceJet's chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi. "What this aircraft order does is enhance our ability to be competitive in the future as it helps us reduce costs," said Singh, whose airline has about 13 percent of the Indian passenger market, while market leader IndiGo has 40 percent. SpiceJet, which was briefly forced to ground its fleet in late 2014 when it ran out of cash, is the fourth-largest Indian airline behind InterGlobe Aviation's IndiGo, Jet Airways and state-run Air India [AIRID.UL]. Asia, especially India, is a key market for planemakers, with analysts expecting Indian passenger numbers to more than triple over the next 20 years as millions more people become wealthy enough to fly for the first time. Combined, local airlines like IndiGo, as well as GoAir, have already ordered hundreds of new planes from Airbus. Meanwhile Boeing estimates India will need 1,850 new aircraft worth $265 billion by 2036 to meet demand for air travel. SpiceJet said altogether it has signed a deal to acquire up to 205 planes from Boeing, worth up to $22 billion at list prices, but that total includes 55 jets already announced in a 2014 deal and the possible follow-on order of 50 more. A source familiar with the deal had said on Thursday that SpiceJet was set to announce an order for as many as 100 new planes. Boeing had already reported an order for 100 737 MAX jets from an unidentified customer that counted as part of its 2016 tally, and on Friday confirmed that order to be SpiceJet's. Shares in SpiceJet rose as much as 3 percent on Friday. LOW-COST LONG HAUL? SpiceJet, which has a current fleet of more than 40 planes, will take delivery of the first of its new jets in the third quarter of 2018, Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president of Asia Pacific & India Sales at Boeing, told reporters. The carrier is expected to have secured a hefty discount from the aircraft list prices, as is common with large orders. "As part of this transaction they (Boeing) have not only been kind enough to give us good commercial terms but have worked hard to reduce the maintenance cost of the fleet going forward," said Singh. He said he was weighing up various options for financing the new purchase, including sale and leaseback, but he ruled out issuing more debt or raising equity to pay for the planes. The new aircraft increases the range of SpiceJet's flights by up to one hour, opening up many more destinations, including international ones, Singh told reporters. He said the additional acquisition rights also include an option to buy wide-body aircraft for long haul journeys as the airline considers launching low-cost long distance flights. Most Indian carriers have returned to profitability in recent years, thanks in part to lower fuel costs, but challenges remain as carriers struggle to translate surging demand into sustainable profits because of cut-throat competition and high running costs. (Reporting by Aditi Shah; Writing by Tommy Wilkes; Editing by Randy Fabi, Greg Mahlich) Next In Aerospace & Defense U.S. insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK Twice a day, Scott Ozawa's Bluetooth-enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he brushed for a full two minutes. In return, the 41-year-old software engineer gets free brush heads and the employer which bought his insurance gets premium discounts. Trump team struggles for cohesion on tougher China policy WASHINGTON The incoming U.S. administration’s tough talk against China has set the stage for showdowns on everything from security to trade and cyberspace, but contradictory signals are sowing uncertainty over how far President-elect Donald Trump is prepared to go in confronting Beijing. Airbus versus Boeing: Iran deals the difference in plane battle PARIS Over the past two decades, planemakers Airbus and Boeing have traded the crown in the annual orders race, and it was usually clear who had bragging rights in the fiercely competitive $120 billion annual jet market. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Blogs Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Markets Photos Videos PSUs CEO toons Personal Finance Small Business ALL News » Business » India Business News » SpiceJet to buy up to 205 Boeing aircraft worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Cyrus Mistry voted out as director at EGM Top 10 Business Stories of 2016 Honoured to be appointed: Chandrasekaran TCS reports 2.9% jump in Q3 Rajesh Gopinathan is new CEO of TCS L&T signs deal with Alyamamah steel '2017 will be a defining year' Contempt petition against Tata Sons SpiceJet to buy up to 205 Boeing aircraft worth Rs 1.5 lakh croreSaurabh Sinha SpiceJet chairman Ajay Singh, who brought the airline back from the verge of closure two years back, said the order is a firm one for 155 Boeing 737-8 Max and 50 purchase rights for wide body long haul planes like Dreamliner and the B-737s. | TNN | Updated: Jan 13, 2017, 12.38 PM IST Highlights SpiceJet will buy up to 205 Boeing planes worth $22 billion. SpiceJet order is a much-needed boost for Boeing in India. India is the world's fastest growing aviation market. Mega deal sealed! SpiceJet to buy up to 205 Boeing aircraft In one of the biggest aircraft orders by an Indian airline, SpiceJet on Friday announced it will buy up to 205 Boeing planes worth $22 billion (Rs 1.5 lakh crore). 2017-01-13T12:59+00:00 Related Videos Mega deal sealed! SpiceJet to ... Able to manage costs better in... SpiceJet bans Samsung Galaxy N... ET Now: Maran enters into pact... NEW DELHI: In one of the biggest aircraft orders by an Indian airline, SpiceJet on Friday announced it will buy up to 205 Boeing planes worth $22 billion (Rs 1.5 lakh crore). SpiceJet chairman Ajay Singh, who brought the airline back from the verge of closure two years back, said the order is a firm one for 155 Boeing 737-8 Max and 50 purchase rights for wide body long haul planes like Dreamliner and the B-737s. "Our turnaround story has been one which has very few parallels in the world today and we are proud of it. SpiceJet has achieved seven consecutive quarters of profit, highest on time performance and lowest cancellation and a record load factor of over 90% every month for 20 months in a row," said Singh. The agreement with SpiceJet is a much-needed boost for Boeing in India, as its rival Airbus has won record-sized orders with InterGlobe Aviation's IndiGo, India's biggest budget airline, as well as a recent deal with GoAir. India is the world's fastest growing aviation market and among the most attractive for planemakers seeking a new wave of growth. Indian passenger numbers are increasing by more than 20 percent annually thanks to low prices and rising disposable incomes. Under chairman Ajay Singh, SpiceJet has been rebuilding its business since almost collapsing after running out of cash in late 2014. The airline has grown its market share and returned to profitability but it remains far smaller than market leader IndiGo. Despite soaring passenger numbers, Indian carriers have struggled to achieve consistent profitability because of fierce competition, regular price wars and high operating costs. (With inputs from agencies) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Buy From Gadgets Now Most Popular After Sushma Swaraj's warning, Amazon expresses regret for hurting Indian sensibilities Despite note ban, November factory output grows 5.7% TCS chief N Chandrasekaran appointed Chairman of Tata Sons Mega deal sealed! SpiceJet to buy up to 205 Boeing aircraft In one of the biggest aircraft orders by an Indian airline, SpiceJet on Friday announced it will buy up to 205 Boeing planes worth $22 billion (Rs 1.5 lakh crore). Dec CPI at 2-year low, core CPI remains sticky Consumer inflation fell in December 2016 to 3.41%, the lowest since November 2014, leaving room for the Reserve Bank of India to cut rates next month. CPI inflation was marginally higher at 3.63% in November 2016. Read MoreSpiceJet to buy 205 planesSpiceJet announces deal with BoeingSpiceJetBoeingAjay Singh Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Sensex slips 50 points, Nifty below 8,400 in late morning trade Infosys Q3 profit up 7% to Rs 3,708 cr, revises revenue guidance Sensex extends rally, up 107 points on positive macro data Why Indian job-seekers need to worry about changes to H-1B visa 1SpiceJet to buy up to 205 Boeing aircraft worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore 2Sensex slips 50 points, Nifty below 8,400 in late morning trade 3Infosys Q3 profit up 7% to Rs 3,708 cr, revises revenue guidance 4Sensex extends rally, up 107 points on positive macro data 5Why Indian job-seekers need to worry about changes to H-1B visa About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | Google Pixel Price in India | iPhone 7 Plus Review | Diwali Pooja 2016 | Bigg Boss 10 FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Currency Demonetisation Narendra Modi Arvind Kejriwal Bigg Boss 10 Ok Jaanu Review Sushma Swaraj Live Score: Ranji Trophy final Gautamiputra Satakarni Review Khaidi No. 150 Review Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Boeing snags huge 737 Max order from India’s SpiceJet Boeing snags huge 737 Max order from India’s SpiceJet Posted on Friday, January 13, 2017 by CNN in Business News Boeing has won a massive deal to sell its new 737 jet into the rapidly growing Indian market. The U.S. plane maker is going to supply another 100 of its 737 Max 8 jets to Indian budget airline SpiceJet, an order Boeing says is worth about $11 billion at list prices. It builds on an earlier SpiceJet order for 55 of the 737 Max planes, and the airline will have the option of buying 50 more in the future. Altogether, the 205 jets would be worth $22 billion at list prices. The deal boosts Boeing’s drive to expand its business in India, which is one of the world’s largest and fastest-growing aviation markets. Its top rival, Airbus, supplies aircraft to several Indian airlines. Boeing’s fourth-generation single-aisle Max 8 has two new engines and a new tail section and winglets — designed to cut fuel consumption by 14%. The Max 8 is the first of four 737 Max models Boeing is designing. Boeing has thousands of orders for the 737 Max, including from China’s fast-growing airlines. The 'Apple of China' admits it grew too quickly Nintendo Switch: Mario and Zelda coming to new $300 console Related Posts Amazon bans Apple TV, Google Chromecast Major chains drop Sony’s ‘The Interview’ China GDP slides to 6.9%, worst since 2009 Allergan shares surge on Pfizer takeover talk Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad India's SpiceJet buys up to 205 Boeing jets worth $22bn By Afp Published: 05:49 EST, 13 January 2017 | Updated: 05:49 EST, 13 January 2017 e-mail Indian low-cost airline SpiceJet said Friday it would buy up to 205 Boeing planes worth $22 billion as it seeks to increase its share of the world's fastest-growing passenger aviation market. SpiceJet, which currently has just 49 planes, said the order would enable it to boost its domestic operations and potentially expand into long-haul international flights. India's aviation market is growing at double the pace of China's, as an emerging middle-class takes to the skies. SpiceJet agrees to buy up to 205 Boeing planes worth $22 billion in what is said to be one the largest aviation deals in India ©RAVEENDRAN (AFP/File) "This is the largest deal for SpiceJet, it's one of the largest in Indian aviation and is the largest for Boeing in India," SpiceJet Chairman Ajay Singh told journalists as he announced the deal. "We are now in a very good position to expand our network and operations, which includes both domestic and international routes and destinations." The deal marks a major turnaround for SpiceJet, whose planes were briefly grounded in 2014 after suppliers refused to refuel them due to unpaid bills. It has a 13-percent share of the Indian market, behind rivals Indigo, Jet Airways and Air India. - Vast potential - The Indian market is seen as having vast untapped potential with fewer than 100 million of India's 1.2 billion citizens flying on domestic routes last year. Train travel remains slow and demand for low-cost flights has boomed in the past decade. The latest industry figures from the International Air Transport Association show India’s domestic air traffic grew 22.3 percent year-on-year in November, followed by Russia at 15.5 percent and China at 14.9 percent. But most of the country's airlines are still loss-making and laden with debt, while state carrier Air India has long relied on government support. Analysts say lower fuel prices and a rise in economic growth have boosted the sector, with domestic traffic up 21 percent last year. "The airline has done really well from being almost on the brink of closure to nearly seven quarters of profit," said industry analyst Kapil Kaul. "The new aircraft order is on expected lines and gives them long-term direction. A positive and long-term story is likely to emerge with this order." SpiceJet, the only Indian low-cost carrier with a Boeing fleet, said the first of the new planes would arrive in early 2018. It currently has just 49 aircraft, putting it well behind the market leader Indigo, India's only consistently profitable carrier, with 400. Singh said the deal included 100 737 jets from Boeing's new Max family of aircraft, which he said would help reduce fuel costs by up to a fifth. It also includes the option to buy 50 wide-body aircrafts suitable for long-haul flights. The airline currently only flies short-haul international routes. SpiceJet put the value of the planes at $22 billion at list prices, although it will likely pay less as discounts for large orders are customary. The company's shares have more than tripled since December 2014. The deal is a boost for Boeing in India, where rival manufacturer Airbus has traditionally dominated. "India needs 1,850 planes worth $265 billion in the next 20 years," said Boeing India President Dinesh Keskar. "We do expect more orders out of India." Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Boeing, SpiceJet Announce Deal for up to 205 Airplanes Deal includes 100 additional 737 MAX 8s; 50 purchase rights All-Boeing jet operator continues to grow fleet with more 737 MAXs Largest order in low-cost carrier's history News provided by Boeing Jan 13, 2017, 01:53 ET Share this article NEW DELHI, Jan. 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing [NYSE: BA] and SpiceJet announced today a commitment for up to 205 airplanes during an event in New Delhi. Booked at the end of 2016, the announcement includes 100 new 737 MAX 8s, SpiceJet's current order for 42 MAXs, 13 additional 737 MAXs which were previously attributed to an unidentified customer on Boeing's Orders & Deliveries website, as well as purchase rights for 50 additional airplanes. "The Boeing 737 class of aircraft has been the backbone of our fleet since SpiceJet began, with its high reliability, low operation economies and comfort," said Ajay Singh, Chairman and Managing Director, SpiceJet. "With the next generation of 737 and the 737 MAX we are sure that we can be competitive and grow profitably." SpiceJet, all-Boeing jet operator, placed its first order with Boeing in 2005 for Next-Generation (NG) 737s and currently operates 32 737 NGs in its fleet. "We are honored to build upon more than a decade of partnership with SpiceJet with their commitment of up to 205 airplanes," said Ray Conner, Vice Chairman, The Boeing Company. "The economics of the 737 MAXs will allow SpiceJet to profitably open new markets, expand connectively within India and beyond, and offer their customers a superior passenger experience." The 737 MAX incorporates the latest technology CFM International LEAP-1B engines, Advanced Technology winglets and other improvements to deliver the highest efficiency, reliability and passenger comfort in the single-aisle market. The new airplane will deliver 20 percent lower fuel use than the first Next-Generation 737s and the lowest operating costs in its class – 8 percent per seat less than its nearest competitor. Contact: Joanna Pickup International Communications Boeing Commercial Airplanes +1 425-879-6077 joanna.pickup@boeing.com Tushar Srivastava General Manager, Corporate Communications SpiceJet +91 981 081 4874   Tushar.Srivastava@spicejet.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-spicejet-announce-deal-for-up-to-205-airplanes-300390718.html SOURCE Boeing Related Links www.boeing.com Jan 10, 2017, 13:57 ET Preview: Boeing, Jeju Air Finalize Order for Three Next-Generation 737-800s My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 10, 2017, 13:57 ETBoeing, Jeju Air Finalize Order for Three Next-Generation 737-800s Jan 06, 2017, 10:59 ETBoeing Achieves Strong Delivery Numbers in 2016, Airplane... Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Aerospace & Defense Passenger Aviation Travel Industry You just read: Boeing, SpiceJet Announce Deal for up to 205 Airplanes News provided by Boeing Jan 13, 2017, 01:53 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Boeing, SpiceJet Announce Deal for up to 205 Airplanes By Published: Jan 13, 2017 1:53 a.m. ET Share Deal includes 100 additional 737 MAX 8s; 50 purchase rightsAll-Boeing jet operator continues to grow fleet with more 737 MAXsLargest order in low-cost carrier's history NEW DELHI, Jan. 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing [NYSE: BA] and SpiceJet announced today a commitment for up to 205 airplanes during an event in New Delhi. Booked at the end of 2016, the announcement includes 100 new 737 MAX 8s, SpiceJet's current order for 42 MAXs, 13 additional 737 MAXs which were previously attributed to an unidentified customer on Boeing's Orders & Deliveries website, as well as purchase rights for 50 additional airplanes. "The Boeing 737 class of aircraft has been the backbone of our fleet since SpiceJet began, with its high reliability, low operation economies and comfort," said Ajay Singh, Chairman and Managing Director, SpiceJet. "With the next generation of 737 and the 737 MAX we are sure that we can be competitive and grow profitably." SpiceJet, all-Boeing jet operator, placed its first order with Boeing in 2005 for Next-Generation (NG) 737s and currently operates 32 737 NGs in its fleet. "We are honored to build upon more than a decade of partnership with SpiceJet with their commitment of up to 205 airplanes," said Ray Conner, Vice Chairman, The Boeing Company. "The economics of the 737 MAXs will allow SpiceJet to profitably open new markets, expand connectively within India and beyond, and offer their customers a superior passenger experience." The 737 MAX incorporates the latest technology CFM International LEAP-1B engines, Advanced Technology winglets and other improvements to deliver the highest efficiency, reliability and passenger comfort in the single-aisle market. The new airplane will deliver 20 percent lower fuel use than the first Next-Generation 737s and the lowest operating costs in its class – 8 percent per seat less than its nearest competitor. Contact: Joanna Pickup International Communications Boeing Commercial Airplanes +1 425-879-6077 joanna.pickup@boeing.com Tushar Srivastava General Manager, Corporate Communications SpiceJet +91 981 081 4874   Tushar.Srivastava@spicejet.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-spicejet-announce-deal-for-up-to-205-airplanes-300390718.html SOURCE Boeing Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews

Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Boeing Company (The) (BA) Stake Cut by Rehmann Capital Advisory Group January 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Rehmann Capital Advisory Group cut its stake in Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 2.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 6,158 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 150 shares during the period. Rehmann Capital Advisory Group’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $811,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of BA. Mycio Wealth Partners LLC raised its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.3% in the second quarter. Mycio Wealth Partners LLC now owns 3,813 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $495,000 after buying an additional 13 shares during the period. Bangor Savings Bank raised its position in Boeing Company (The) by 0.6% in the third quarter. Bangor Savings Bank now owns 2,221 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $292,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the last quarter. Stillwater Investment Management LLC raised its position in Boeing Company (The) by 0.8% in the third quarter. Stillwater Investment Management LLC now owns 1,965 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $259,000 after buying an additional 16 shares during the last quarter. South Texas Money Management Ltd. raised its position in Boeing Company (The) by 1.0% in the second quarter. South Texas Money Management Ltd. now owns 1,992 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $259,000 after buying an additional 19 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC raised its position in Boeing Company (The) by 1.0% in the second quarter. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC now owns 2,022 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $263,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the last quarter. 72.77% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded down 0.70% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $158.29. 3,020,486 shares of the company were exchanged. The company has a market capitalization of $97.69 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.19 and a beta of 1.05. Boeing Company has a 52-week low of $102.10 and a 52-week high of $160.07. The company has a 50 day moving average of $155.53 and a 200-day moving average of $139.59. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, October 26th. The aircraft producer reported $3.51 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.62 by $0.89. The firm earned $23.90 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $23.73 billion. Boeing Company (The) had a return on equity of 126.01% and a net margin of 4.52%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 7.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $2.52 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Boeing Company will post $7.10 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Investors of record on Friday, February 10th will be issued a $1.42 dividend. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.59%. This is an increase from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 8th. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio is 66.36%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/12/boeing-company-the-ba-stake-cut-by-rehmann-capital-advisory-group.html. A number of equities analysts have weighed in on BA shares. Deutsche Bank AG upped their price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) from $165.00 to $175.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Argus boosted their target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) from $143.31 to $160.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, October 28th. Citigroup Inc. lowered their target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) from $168.00 to $160.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Monday, September 19th. Barclays PLC lowered their target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) from $155.00 to $150.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a report on Thursday, October 6th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, October 3rd. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and sixteen have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $147.51. In related news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 200,754 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, October 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $142.46, for a total value of $28,599,414.84. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. 0.58% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Photos Videos Topics Live NZ 91/2 (19) - BAN 160/9 (57.5) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi BCCI Dangal Tej Bahadur Singh Mahendra Singh Dhoni Home Money SpiceJet set to order 100 planes for Rs 55,000 crore Shares24 Shahkar Abidi | Fri, 13 Jan 2017-07:25am , Mumbai , DNA Low-cost carrier SpiceJet which around couple of years back was on verge of grounding its operations due to financial problems, plans to order 90-100 airplane, including at least 50 new Boeing 737 Max. The order possibly includes a renegotiated order for 42 Boeing 737 Max plane it made in 2014. At the current price list, the deal is expected to be over Rs 55,000 crore. The airline is also likely to induct wide-bodied Boeing 787 on lease for operation on its international routes. At present, SpiceJet has 47 aircraft comprising 29 Boeing 737s and 18 Bombardier Q400s. A SpiceJet spokesperson refused to comment on the development. The deal is expected to be announced in Delhi on Friday by airline's promoter Ajay Singh. "Negotiations are going on for quite some time. We expect to complete these negotiations and place the order this financial year," the spokesperson had said earlier. "It's a good development for Indian aviation that SpiceJet is expanding after going through such a bad time in 2014," said Devesh Agarwal, an aviation analyst. B737 Max are state-of-art fuel efficient planes produced by US-based aircraft manufacturer Boeing in comparison to Airbus's A320 neo planes. Wadia Group-promoted GoAir on Wednesday confirmed an order for 72 A320 neo planes, estimated to be worth over Rs 52,000 crore. This is in addition to the 72 A320 neo ordered earlier, which takes the tally to 144. The airline inducted the first A320 neo in June last year. The airline is expected to start its international operations this year. Similarly, market leader IndiGo, owned by InterGlobe Aviation, has ordered 430 A320neo. Experts said it will be interesting to see how SpiceJet, if it inducts B787 Dreamliner, will use the aircraft as at present national carrier Air India uses it for long distance flying including Europe, Australia among others. Air India, a full-service carrier unlike SpiceJet, also uses the Dreamliner on some of its high-density routes like Mumbai-Delhi. "Historically, a low-cost long distance aircraft have not worked profitably. There is a possibility that SpiceJet may just sign an MoU for B787 for later years." The development seems significant as only till around in 2014 that the airline was struggling to run its day-to-day operations as lessors, airport operators and oil companies refused to give further credit as a result of which scores of flights had to cancelled leading to chaos. However, since then things visibly improved with the airline make operating profits since last several quarters, on the back of low fuel cost and better performance. The revival was led by BJP member Ajay Singh, who took the reins of the airline from earlier owner Kalanithi Maran, had not been taking salary till the airline turns profit. In December, the stakeholders approved the proposal to pay up to Rs 15 crore as annual remuneration to Singh. The airline is also mulling offering ESOPs to some of its employees, so to encourage them to stick with the company for a longer time. Shahkar Abidi TOP TOP < Book Fair’s women theme pavilion fails to attract crowd   Comments   Also Read Money Auto firms seek Union Budget fuel to race ahead Money RBI policy, FX spot to affect exposures in India Money SpiceJet making Rs 1 cr profit per day from Rs 3 cr loss earlier: Ajay Singh Money Reforms on mind, global leaders to converge in Davos Money Disincentivise cash use, banks tell govt Money Fourth rise in six weeks, Petrol price up by 42 paisa/litre Next Article > Ranbir Kapoor will clash with his ex Katrina and Salman this Christmas! < Previous ArticleNext Article > Book Fair’s women theme pavilion fails to attract crowd Live Cricket Score Live NZ 91/2 (19), 539/10 (148.2) BAN 160/9 (57.5), 595/8 (152) Full Scorecard | Commentary Next node Ranbir Kapoor will clash with his ex Katrina and Salman this Christmas! Related SpiceJet making Rs 1 cr profit per day from Rs 3 cr loss earlier: Ajay Singh Reforms on mind, global leaders to converge in Davos Disincentivise cash use, banks tell govt Video ‘Backpack Challenge’ is the new teen craze taking over social media Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut Watch: New York flash mob dances in support of Hillary Clinton and her pantsuits! View all Tags India Business Report SpiceJet low-cost carriers (LCCs) Boeing 737 Max Ajay Singh Devesh Agarwal GoAir Indigo InterGlobe Aviation Air India bharatiya janata party Kalanithi Maran SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News How many wildlife species are there in the capital? Census on the way Serial rapist who targeted around 20 minor girls in Delhi, UP & Uttarakhand arrested Mumbai Marathon: Slower than in Rio, yet Ram wins Sanctuary shattered: Gunners target flamingoes Bhim, now tamed, to return to Maharashtra Sport Simbu sizzles: Tanzanian overcomes stiff challenge from second-placed Kipkorir to win elite full marathon Parthiv Patel: Fighting on since 2000 Ind vs Eng: One of the best partnerships I have been part of, says Virat Kohli Ind vs Eng: Sparkling centuries by Kohli, Jadhav steer India to win Ind vs Eng: From 'Dhoni 7' to 'Virat 18', India start new era with win Entertainment Sridevi’s girls trolled for wearing fur coats Parineeti Chopra does Priyanka Chopra’s favourite pose Heard this? - Commando 2 postponed again Bhavna, Maheep to become star moms? Guess who don't sue! Money World's eight richest as wealthy as as world's poorest half: Oxfam SpiceJet making Rs 1 cr profit per day from Rs 3 cr loss earlier: Ajay Singh Reforms on mind, global leaders to converge in Davos Disincentivise cash use, banks tell govt Bond yields may be firm, could position for Feb rate cut Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business & Economy Business & Economy Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media Search form Search The Middle East’s Leading English Language Daily Search form Search Welcome to Arab News Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media World’s 8 richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos World’s 8 richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos FM sector in Saudi Arabia is worth $20-$29 billion Paris meet tells Israel, Palestine: Refrain from unilateral steps Iran ‘will not renegotiate N-deal’ Royal visit a boost to Saudi-Spanish ties Kingdom-Spain ties: Both countries share common stances on many issues Health Ministry, Umm Al-Qura sign pilgrims safety agreement SEHAI signs accord with 8 firms to employ graduates Trainees express satisfaction at training at TVTC colleges and institutes You are here Home Qatar Airways seeks engine guarantees for revamped Airbus order Business & Economy Qatar Airways seeks engine guarantees for revamped Airbus order Reuters | Published — Friday 13 January 2017 Qatar Airways continues to experience double-digit growth in passenger numbers, says chief executive Akbar Al-Baker. (AFP) PARIS: Qatar Airways is seeking strict guarantees as it talks to CFM International about supplying engines for a revamped order for Airbus narrow-body jets, which it expects to finalize “soon,” its chief executive Akbar Al-Baker said on Thursday. The airline has canceled four A320neo jets powered by alternative Pratt & Whitney engines and expects to swap the overall aircraft order, which was originally for 50 jets, to larger A321neo aircraft. CFM, a joint venture of General Electric and France’s Safran, is locked in a fierce battle with Pratt & Whitney to supply engines for new Airbus medium-haul jets. CFM exclusively supplies engines for the competing Boeing 737 aircraft, which Qatar Airways has also ordered. Al-Baker acknowledged Qatar Airways had received attractive prices when it originally ordered the new Pratt & Whitney engine, but said a decision on whether to keep those or switch to CFM for the upgraded A321neo order would depend on other guarantees. “It is a factor, but what we decide will be based on what sort of guarantees we get on deliveries and at the same time performance,” he said in an interview. Qatar plans to take delivery of around 10 Airbus A350s and 6 Boeing 777s this year. It will also receive some Boeing 737s on behalf of Italy’s Meridiana, where it hopes to tie up a deal to take a 49-percent stake around the end of the month. It has told Boeing it is interested in taking earlier delivery of future 777-9 aircraft, because that program is ahead of schedule, Al-Baker added. Asked if Qatar Airways could take on delivery of aircraft for airlines in which it has stakes, like BA owner IAG and Latam, he said “why not,” but added he believed those airlines would take their planes as planned. He was speaking after opening a 1,000-square-meter business lounge at Paris’ Charles de Gaulle airport, the airline’s third premium lounge abroad after London Heathrow and Dubai. It is building further lounges in Beirut and Bangkok and is negotiating lounge space in seven other airports, he said. The expansion comes as Gulf airlines have seen premium yields suffering due to low oil prices and rising capacity. Qatar Airways, which also plans to launch a new premium cabin at a trade fair in March, is investing an unspecified amount in new product to attract passengers “with the right yield” or average revenues, Al-Baker said. But he suggested fuel surcharges may soon be back on the agenda because of a recent rebound in oil prices. “(Qatar Airways) had to lower (prices in 2016) because oil prices were going down, but now we are starting to put prices up because oil prices are starting to go up,” he said. “Soon, I think not only Qatar Airways but most of the airlines will re-introduce the fuel surcharges because they budgeted on lower fuel price and prices are now rising rapidly.” Oil prices have risen 20 percent in the last three months. Al-Baker said the airline had not seen traffic to France fall after recent attacks. It plans to serve Nice five times a week from July and announce a similar service to Lyon soon. It continues to experience double-digit growth in passenger numbers, Al-Baker added. Facebook STAY CONNECTED Follow @Arab_News Tweets by @Arab_News Download The App! Latest in Business & Economy World’s 8 richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos DAVOS Switzerland Just eight individuals all men own as much wealth as the poorest half of the... FM sector in Saudi Arabia is worth $20-$29 billion JEDDAH Saudi Arabia is the largest facilities management FM market in the Gulf representing some... Tadawul: Insurance stocks gain strength DUBAI The Tadawul All Share Index TASI added 0 1 percent on Sunday Nine of the top 10 performers... E-waste rising dangerously in Asia: UN study MANILA Electronic waste is rising sharply across Asia as higher incomes allow hundreds of... Britain threatens to undercut EU if Brexit plan fails LONDON Britain warned Sunday it might undercut the EU economically if it cannot obtain both... Insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK Twice a day Scott Ozawa s Bluetooth enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he... US top court to weigh time limits on SEC recovery of illegal profits WASHINGTON The US Supreme Court agreed on Friday to hear a case involving a New Mexico based... Retail group launches training for entry-level job seekers NEW YORK Trying to stem high turnover in store jobs nonprofit groups and chains such as Wal Mart... Prince Sultan honors Mobily Prince Sultan bin Salman chairman of Saudi Aviation Club honored Mobily for its exclusive... ENEC CEO highlights contribution to strategic sectors The Emirates Nuclear Energy Corporation ENEC has participated in the inaugural Atlantic Council... UN, World Bank among World Government Summit participants The World Government Summit WGS has announced 10 new developments on the agenda of its upcoming... DAMAC completes Versace-designed homes in Beirut DAMAC Properties one of the region s largest luxury real estate developers announced that its... ADFD contributes $200m for King Hussein Medical City Abu Dhabi Fund for Development ADFD announced a AED735 million 200 million UAE grant earmarked... Egypt to cut subsidies, raise taxes CAIRO Egypt will make further cuts to energy subsidies raise taxes and seek more international... China’s major cities target slower growth in 2017 BEIJING Some of China s largest cities have witnessed slow economic growth in 2016 and the trend... China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as US lags DETROIT Electric cars will pick up critical momentum in 2017 many in the auto industry believe... Around Arab News World’s 8 richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos DAVOS Switzerland Just eight individuals all men own as much wealth as the poorest half of the... FM sector in Saudi Arabia is worth $20-$29 billion JEDDAH Saudi Arabia is the largest facilities management FM market in the Gulf representing some... Paris meet tells Israel, Palestine: Refrain from unilateral steps PARIS A Middle East peace conference in Paris on Sunday warned Israel and the Palestinians... Iran ‘will not renegotiate N-deal’ DUBAI TEHRAN Iran will not renegotiate its nuclear agreement with world powers even if it faces... Davos has potential to be more than just hot air in a cold climate Travelers from the Arabian Gulf to the World Economic Forum s WEF 47th annual meeting which kicks... Royal visit a boost to Saudi-Spanish ties RIYADH The three day visit to Saudi Arabia by Spain s King Felipe Vl is a shot in the arm for... Kingdom-Spain ties: Both countries share common stances on many issues RIYADH Saudi Spanish relations are based not only on traditional friendship and mutual respect... Outstanding results for talented Saudi students in Malaysia camp RIYADH Students from the Talented Center are representing Saudi Arabia at the global camp in... Health Ministry, Umm Al-Qura sign pilgrims safety agreement JEDDAH Minister of Health Tawfiq Al Rabiah and Dr Bakri bin M atoog bin Bakri Assas president of... SEHAI signs accord with 8 firms to employ graduates RIYADH The Saudi Electronics for Home Appliances Institute SEHAI recently signed agreements with... Trainees express satisfaction at training at TVTC colleges and institutes RIYADH A recent study issued by the Technical and Vocational Training Corporation TVTC showed... Saudi student survives attack in US JEDDAH Saudi student Mohammad Zaid Al Fadheel has survived an attack in the US state of Kentucky... Tadawul: Insurance stocks gain strength DUBAI The Tadawul All Share Index TASI added 0 1 percent on Sunday Nine of the top 10 performers... E-waste rising dangerously in Asia: UN study MANILA Electronic waste is rising sharply across Asia as higher incomes allow hundreds of... Britain threatens to undercut EU if Brexit plan fails LONDON Britain warned Sunday it might undercut the EU economically if it cannot obtain both... Kerry urges Trump administration to attend Syria peace talks PARIS US Secretary of State John Kerry on Sunday urged the incoming Trump administration to... Contact Us About Arab news Advertise Your Ad Privacy & Terms of Service © 2016 SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY, All Rights Reserved And subject to Terms of Use Agreement.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Airlines / Aviation LATEST NEWS Govt may set threshold for probe into deposits to prevent harassment of taxpayers Donald Trump's offer to Putin: An end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut Donald Trump says Brexit to be "a great thing", wants quick trade deal with UK Samsung Electronics to disclose Note 7 probe results on January 23: Report Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTelecomTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / Transport RailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / Transport ET Home›Industry›Transportation›Airlines / Aviation 04:05 PM | 13 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,238-9.10 NIFTY 50 8,400-6.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,381-12.0 USD/INR 68.150.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் LIVE BLOG: Look who is moving my market today Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Boeing loosens Airbus’s India grip with $22 billion SpiceJet win By Bloomberg | Updated: Jan 14, 2017, 11.26 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Spicejet Ltd. | SpiceJet | New Delhi | Indigo | Gurgaon | Boeing | AirIndia Express Rapidly expanding Indian carriers will need 1,850 new planes valued at $265 billion in 20 years, according to a Boeing forecast. RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve Spicejet Ltd. x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ SpiceJet x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ By Anurag Kotoky and Kyunghee Park Boeing Co. won a $22 billion deal from budget carrier SpiceJet Ltd., notching the planemaker’s largest-ever order from an Indian airline and strengthening its hold in a market dominated by Europe’s Airbus Group SE. The order includes 100 of Boeing’s 737 Max single-aisle jets and renegotiated terms for 55 previously ordered aircraft, SpiceJet said in a statement Friday. The airline also has options to purchase another 50 Boeing aircraft, including the 777 and 787 Dreamliner wide-bodies. The commitment, which was included in Boeing’s 2016 order tally, comes as the Chicago-based planemaker races to catch Airbus in narrow-body sales, the largest source of profit for the companies. The deal for the Max, which competes with Airbus’s A320neo workhorse, also helps Boeing widen its footprint in the fast-growing South Asian market. Most of SpiceJet’s low-cost rivals fly the European company’s aircraft. “India is an important market both Airbus and Boeing can’t ignore,” said Shukor Yusof, founder of aviation consulting firm Endau Analytics. The SpiceJet order gives Boeing “a lifeline. There’s a lot more to grow in India than other parts of Asia.” Rapidly expanding Indian carriers will need 1,850 new planes valued at $265 billion in 20 years, according to a Boeing forecast. Single-aisle planes will make up the bulk of the new deliveries. The Asia-Pacific region, which is eclipsing North America as the world’s largest aircraft market, will need 15,130 new aircraft valued at $2.3 trillion in the next 20 years, as economic growth boosts middle-class travel, according to Boeing. That represents 38 percent of the global requirement. Extending Reach Friday’s deal adds to the 348 jetliner sales garnered by the U.S. planemaker in India. SpiceJet, which is based in Gurgaon near New Delhi, and AirIndia Express are the only budget carriers to use Boeing aircraft in the country. SpiceJet shares climbed 2.5 percent to 65.50 rupees in Mumbai. Boeing rose less than 1 percent to $159.02 at 9:55 a.m. in New York. The airline placed firm orders for 100 737 Max 8 aircraft, with a cumulative list price of $11 billion, before the discounts that are customary for large customers. Bloomberg News reported on Jan. 6 that the carrier was close to signing a deal for at least 92 planes valued at $10.1 billion and that the total could rise based on negotiations for discounts and service contracts. “We spent a considerable amount of time negotiating and finalizing the commercial terms, including maintenance of the aircraft,” Chairman Ajay Singh said in an interview. “It was important for us to get all the commercial terms right.” Deliveries will begin in July 2018 and continue through 2024. The carrier and Boeing also discussed a proposed stretch of the largest Max, Singh told reporters. The so-called 10X, Boeing’s response to Airbus’s fast-selling A321neo, would be available in 2020 and seat as many as 230 travelers. The order signals a resurgence for SpiceJet after it almost collapsed more than two years ago. The expansion also sets up sharpened competition against IndiGo, operated by InterGlobe Aviation Ltd., which has about 400 Airbus aircraft awaiting delivery. IndiGo dominates the world’s fastest-growing major aviation market, with a 42 percent share. SpiceJet has 13 percent. A representative for Airbus declined to comment. The world’s two biggest planemakers are vying to serve a crucial market with an emerging middle-class that is flying for the first time and where passenger traffic is growing at twice the pace of nearest rival China. While the growth is prompting India airlines to order planes, they also have to contend with airport infrastructure that hasn’t kept pace. Limited landing and parking slots extend the time circling above airports such as Mumbai during peak hours, wasting fuel. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow READ MORE ON » Spicejet Ltd. | SpiceJet | New Delhi | Indigo | Gurgaon | Boeing | AirIndia Express To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Indian banks are waking up to a new kind of cyber attack Use plastic money at petrol pumps and get 0.75% cash back within next 3 days Maruti Suzuki launches Ignis with prices starting Rs 4.59 lakh Modi government's new power plan: Heavy electricity users will now pay lower tariffs Warburg aims for $8 billion investments in 10 years in India More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebIncome Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 Sensex, Nifty Live|Income Tax Calculation UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|Demonetisation Gold Rate Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines India Science & Tech Crime World Offbeat Photos Video War On Black Money Hot In News UP Polls 2017 Specials Local My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video News Sections India World Science & Tech Photos My Topics Local Rs 1.5-lakh-cr deal: SpiceJet to buy up to 205 Boeing planes The Indian Express 15 hours ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Jammu and Kashmir: Encounter underway between security forces and terrorists in Anantnag's Awoora village Serial rapist held after 13 years Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Budget airline SpiceJet on Friday said that it would buy up to 205 new aircraft from Boeing for $22 billion (Rs 1.5 lakh crore) in what will be one of the largest aviation deals. The addition to SpiceJet’s fleet would help it grow market share from the current level of about 13 per cent. The carrier plans to expand its fleet nearly fivefold to 155 aircraft by 2024 from 32 narrow-body planes it currently operates. SpiceJet has topped up its existing order for 55 Boeing 737-8 MAX aircraft placed in 2014 with an order for an additional 100 jets. It has also secured the purchase rights for 50 more jets along with wide-body aircraft. The conversion of purchase rights to acquisition would be contingent upon market conditions, SpiceJet officials said. Chairman and managing director Ajay Singh said the company will neither dilute its equity nor borrow to finance the deal. “Although the ‘sale and leaseback’ option is a standard practice we could also look at financing from Exim banks as interest rates across the world are low,” Singh added. © pti The airline said the woman had complained of breathlessness onboard and given medical attention. (Representational Image) Singh also said the transaction had built in an option to buy wide-body planes as the airline was mulling operating low-cost, long-haul flights. The model is currently being used by a few airlines including subsidiaries of Singapore Airlines and Air Asia. “The induction of the new aircraft, which burn 20 per cent less fuel, would help SpiceJet reduce costs and enhance its ability to compete,” Singh said. He added the new aircraft would increase the range of flights by up to one hour, opening up many more destinations, including international ones. SpiceJet will receive the first aircraft in the third quarter of 2018, and the rest of the jets would be delivered at an average of 20 every year till 2024. “Acquiring 20 aircraft every year is a manageable task as India needs about 80 aircraft every year to cater to the passenger growth. We would also install a flight simulator to train more pilots for deployment,” Singh said. Currently, the budget carrier has 32 B737s and 17 Bombardier Q400s. According to Boeing’s estimates, India will need 1,850 new aircraft worth $265 billion by 2036 to meet demand for air travel. The deal is also a boost to the American aircraft manufacturer Boeing as SpiceJet remains the only low-cost carrier to operate these aircraft. Other budget airlines like market leader IndiGo and GoAir have a fleet of Airbus planes. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment More From The Indian Express 'Diesel cars produce 10 times more toxins than trucks' The Indian Express Aaditya Thackeray meets with accident, escapes unhurt The Indian Express Meghalaya sex scam: Guest-house owned by Home Minister's family under lens The Indian Express Cow only animal that inhales, exhales oxygen: Rajasthan minister The Indian Express Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Terms of use About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Take MSN survey Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I am already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I am having problems with Top Destinations I am having issues with searching I am having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help and Support If you have any questions about MSN India, please contact our Grievance Officer at indiaGOMSN@microsoft.com | +91-11-46502222
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Soil contamination Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Dining Directory Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Auto Preview Classified Directory Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/ladailynews Home â News â Soil contamination Department of Energy wants to alter clean-up plans for toxic Santa Susana site Tour participants gather in the bowl area below the remnants of VTS-1 at the Santa Susana Field Lab Thursday, August 12, 2010. (File photo by Andy Holzman/Daily News Staff Photographer) By Susan Abram, Los Angeles Daily News Posted: 01/13/17, 8:22 PM PST | Updated: 1 day ago # Comments Visitors make their way by the remains of VTS-1 at the Santa Susana Field Lab Thursday, August 12, 2010. Many community members and former Rocketdyne employees were on hand for the tour.(Andy Holzman/Daily News Staff Photographer) A clean-up plan for a contaminated portion of the Santa Susana Field Laboratory has been released by a federal agency, with some saying the options don’t go far enough while others call some alternatives just right. The Department of Energy released the draft environmental impact statement earlier this month to outline how the agency would move forward with cleaning the soil within Area IV, the roughly 280 acres of land within the Santa Susana Field Lab where rocket engines and nuclear power were once tested. The agency also presented plans for removing contaminated structures and to a lesser extent, dealing with groundwater. “The release of the draft (environmental impact statement) is an important step in our mission to clean up the former DOE site at the Santa Susana Field Lab in a way that protects human health and the environment,” said John Jones, federal project director at the Department of Energy in a statement. “Public input on the cleanup alternatives is a critical next step to achieve this mission.” There are several alternatives presented on how to deal with the soil, including traffic in and out of the site and the effects of a cleanup on the natural surroundings. Options range from doing nothing until the chemical compounds in the soil deteriorate over time, to a strict remediation plan that would clean the soil beyond federal standards. That option was agreed upon between the DOE, NASA and state regulators in 2010. Based on that agreement, the cleanup should have been completed this year. But in the draft environmental impact statement, the DOE said those standards may do more damage than good. “DOE also determined that implementing the 2010 AOC requirements and remediating soil to meet the (agreement of consent) would have the potential for adverse environmental impacts due to the large area of land that would be disturbed and the large volume of soil that would be removed,” according to the statement. That the DOE has presented alternatives means it has backed away from what it agreed upon, said Dan Hirsch, president of Committee to Bridge the Gap, a group that has worked for about 30 years to pressure owners and regulators to decontaminate the site. “They’ve broken out of the cleanups entirely,” Hirsch said. “It’s a complete breach of 2010.” Hirsch said the agreement included a thorough environmental clean-up plan to be drafted by the Department of Toxic Substances Control. That report was due last year and is still pending. The DTSC, however, agreed Friday that the DOE should not have consulted with the California Department of Fish and Wildlife on its own to justify a clean-up option that is inconsistent with what all the agencies agreed upon in 2010. Advertisement “First, and most importantly, we note that it appears DOE is proposing clean-up approaches that fail to fully recognize the AOC provisions that apply to sensitive plant and animal species located at SSFL,” said DTSC director Barbara Lee in a letter to the agency. “These provisions allow limited exceptions to clean-up activities to safeguard protected species. As you know, DTSC is committed to implementing and enforcing the (agreement).” In a statement, a DOE spokesman said Friday the agency is still committed to working with the DTSC. Nestled between Simi Valley and Chatsworth, the Santa Susana Field Laboratory is a remote, 2,900-acre site developed in the 1940s. It was used to test rocket engines and conduct nuclear research. The Boeing Co. now owns a majority of the land. Boeing officials have said the company is committed to cleaning its portion to residential standards, then leaving the land as open space. In May 1989, surveys from the Department of Energy, reported exclusively in the Daily News, revealed that radioactive and toxic contamination from decades of nuclear experiments and rocket tests had leaked into soil, groundwater and bedrock at the hilltop site. Kept secret from the public was the partial meltdown of one of the reactors in 1959, an accident that released radiation into the air. That the meltdown ever occurred is still disputed among some, but no one disagrees that there are portions of the land that are contaminated. Results of a federal radiological survey released in 2012 showed that of the 437 samples collected, 75 exceeded standards agreed upon by the DOE and the DTSC. Abe Weitzberg, who worked for the DOE for 40 years and continues to consult for the agency among others, said he sent a letter praising it for considering more options. He said one thing he liked was that they admitted the clean-up standard agreed upon in 2010 was unworkable. “They came up with one (option) that is basically reasonable,” Weitzberg said of the DOE’s plan to clean the land to residential standards — similar to Boeing’s. “You clean everything up to suburban residential, which still cleans up higher concentrations of stuff and doesn’t do too much damage to the site,” he said. That doesn’t bring too much traffic and effects to surrounding areas, he added. Hirsch said if the DOE is allowed to get away with its alternate clean-up standard, then state regulators have failed the public. He listed Vernon’s Exide and the natural gas leak in Aliso Canyon as examples of lax regulations. “The press and many policymakers have woken up to the fact that we have terrible pollution like in Santa Susana with regulators asleep at the switch,” Hirsch said. “I think Santa Susana is the poster child. This is a meltdown site.” The public can comment on the proposed clean-up plans until March 14 online at http://www.ssflareaiveis.com/comment.aspx or by mail to: Ms. Stephanie Jennings NEPA Document Manager, SSFL Area IV EIS U.S. Department of Energy 4100 Guardian St., Suite 160 Simi Valley, CA 93063 Two public meetings will be held at the following days, times and places: • Saturday, Feb. 18, from 9:30 a.m. to noon at the Grand Vista Hotel, 999 Enchanted Way, Simi Valley. • Tuesday, Feb. 21, from 6:30 to 9 p.m. at the Airtel Plaza Hotel, 7277 Valjean Ave, Van Nuys. Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off About the Author Susan Abram covers public health news for the Los Angeles Daily News and Los Angeles News Group. Reach the author at susan.abram@dailynews.com or follow Susan on Twitter: @sabramLA. Full bio and more articles by Susan Abram Back to top Related How one woman’s fight is helping workers decades after Santa Susana radiation exposure Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LA Daily News Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © LA Daily News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Soil contamination Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Dining Directory Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Auto Preview Classified Directory Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/ladailynews Home â News â Soil contamination Department of Energy wants to alter clean-up plans for toxic Santa Susana site Tour participants gather in the bowl area below the remnants of VTS-1 at the Santa Susana Field Lab Thursday, August 12, 2010. (File photo by Andy Holzman/Daily News Staff Photographer) By Susan Abram, Los Angeles Daily News Posted: 01/13/17, 8:22 PM PST | Updated: 1 day ago # Comments Visitors make their way by the remains of VTS-1 at the Santa Susana Field Lab Thursday, August 12, 2010. Many community members and former Rocketdyne employees were on hand for the tour.(Andy Holzman/Daily News Staff Photographer) A clean-up plan for a contaminated portion of the Santa Susana Field Laboratory has been released by a federal agency, with some saying the options don’t go far enough while others call some alternatives just right. The Department of Energy released the draft environmental impact statement earlier this month to outline how the agency would move forward with cleaning the soil within Area IV, the roughly 280 acres of land within the Santa Susana Field Lab where rocket engines and nuclear power were once tested. The agency also presented plans for removing contaminated structures and to a lesser extent, dealing with groundwater. “The release of the draft (environmental impact statement) is an important step in our mission to clean up the former DOE site at the Santa Susana Field Lab in a way that protects human health and the environment,” said John Jones, federal project director at the Department of Energy in a statement. “Public input on the cleanup alternatives is a critical next step to achieve this mission.” There are several alternatives presented on how to deal with the soil, including traffic in and out of the site and the effects of a cleanup on the natural surroundings. Options range from doing nothing until the chemical compounds in the soil deteriorate over time, to a strict remediation plan that would clean the soil beyond federal standards. That option was agreed upon between the DOE, NASA and state regulators in 2010. Based on that agreement, the cleanup should have been completed this year. But in the draft environmental impact statement, the DOE said those standards may do more damage than good. “DOE also determined that implementing the 2010 AOC requirements and remediating soil to meet the (agreement of consent) would have the potential for adverse environmental impacts due to the large area of land that would be disturbed and the large volume of soil that would be removed,” according to the statement. That the DOE has presented alternatives means it has backed away from what it agreed upon, said Dan Hirsch, president of Committee to Bridge the Gap, a group that has worked for about 30 years to pressure owners and regulators to decontaminate the site. “They’ve broken out of the cleanups entirely,” Hirsch said. “It’s a complete breach of 2010.” Hirsch said the agreement included a thorough environmental clean-up plan to be drafted by the Department of Toxic Substances Control. That report was due last year and is still pending. The DTSC, however, agreed Friday that the DOE should not have consulted with the California Department of Fish and Wildlife on its own to justify a clean-up option that is inconsistent with what all the agencies agreed upon in 2010. Advertisement “First, and most importantly, we note that it appears DOE is proposing clean-up approaches that fail to fully recognize the AOC provisions that apply to sensitive plant and animal species located at SSFL,” said DTSC director Barbara Lee in a letter to the agency. “These provisions allow limited exceptions to clean-up activities to safeguard protected species. As you know, DTSC is committed to implementing and enforcing the (agreement).” In a statement, a DOE spokesman said Friday the agency is still committed to working with the DTSC. Nestled between Simi Valley and Chatsworth, the Santa Susana Field Laboratory is a remote, 2,900-acre site developed in the 1940s. It was used to test rocket engines and conduct nuclear research. The Boeing Co. now owns a majority of the land. Boeing officials have said the company is committed to cleaning its portion to residential standards, then leaving the land as open space. In May 1989, surveys from the Department of Energy, reported exclusively in the Daily News, revealed that radioactive and toxic contamination from decades of nuclear experiments and rocket tests had leaked into soil, groundwater and bedrock at the hilltop site. Kept secret from the public was the partial meltdown of one of the reactors in 1959, an accident that released radiation into the air. That the meltdown ever occurred is still disputed among some, but no one disagrees that there are portions of the land that are contaminated. Results of a federal radiological survey released in 2012 showed that of the 437 samples collected, 75 exceeded standards agreed upon by the DOE and the DTSC. Abe Weitzberg, who worked for the DOE for 40 years and continues to consult for the agency among others, said he sent a letter praising it for considering more options. He said one thing he liked was that they admitted the clean-up standard agreed upon in 2010 was unworkable. “They came up with one (option) that is basically reasonable,” Weitzberg said of the DOE’s plan to clean the land to residential standards — similar to Boeing’s. “You clean everything up to suburban residential, which still cleans up higher concentrations of stuff and doesn’t do too much damage to the site,” he said. That doesn’t bring too much traffic and effects to surrounding areas, he added. Hirsch said if the DOE is allowed to get away with its alternate clean-up standard, then state regulators have failed the public. He listed Vernon’s Exide and the natural gas leak in Aliso Canyon as examples of lax regulations. “The press and many policymakers have woken up to the fact that we have terrible pollution like in Santa Susana with regulators asleep at the switch,” Hirsch said. “I think Santa Susana is the poster child. This is a meltdown site.” The public can comment on the proposed clean-up plans until March 14 online at http://www.ssflareaiveis.com/comment.aspx or by mail to: Ms. Stephanie Jennings NEPA Document Manager, SSFL Area IV EIS U.S. Department of Energy 4100 Guardian St., Suite 160 Simi Valley, CA 93063 Two public meetings will be held at the following days, times and places: • Saturday, Feb. 18, from 9:30 a.m. to noon at the Grand Vista Hotel, 999 Enchanted Way, Simi Valley. • Tuesday, Feb. 21, from 6:30 to 9 p.m. at the Airtel Plaza Hotel, 7277 Valjean Ave, Van Nuys. Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off About the Author Susan Abram covers public health news for the Los Angeles Daily News and Los Angeles News Group. Reach the author at susan.abram@dailynews.com or follow Susan on Twitter: @sabramLA. Full bio and more articles by Susan Abram Back to top Related How one woman’s fight is helping workers decades after Santa Susana radiation exposure Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LA Daily News Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © LA Daily News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Airbus versus Boeing: Iran deals the difference in plane battle Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Fri Jan 13, 2017 | 6:53pm EST Airbus versus Boeing: Iran deals the difference in plane battle left right An Airbus A321 airliner arrives at the Mehrabad International Airport in Tehran, Iran January 12, 2017. Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS 1/4 left right A man holds an Iranian flag as an Airbus A321 airliner arrives at the Mehrabad International Airport in Tehran, Iran January 12, 2017. Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS 2/4 left right The logo of Airbus is pictured on a desk during the annual Airbus Commercial Press Briefing in Blagnac, Southwestern France, January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau 3/4 left right FILE PHOTO: The Boeing Company logo is projected on a wall at the 'What's Next?' conference in Chicago, Illinois, U.S., October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young/File Photo 4/4 By Tim Hepher | PARIS PARIS Over the past two decades, planemakers Airbus (AIR.PA) and Boeing (BA.N) have traded the crown in the annual orders race, and it was usually clear who had bragging rights in the fiercely competitive $120 billion annual jet market. On Wednesday, Airbus retained the top spot when it said it had recorded a total of 731 net orders for 2016, beating Boeing's tally of 668 for the year released a week ago. Standing out as the unusual kingmaker between the two Western giants is Iran, emerging from decades of sanctions to place billions of dollars of new orders. Because of fragile demand elsewhere, its comeback carries unusual weight. While Airbus included all but two of the 100 aircraft it sold to Iran last year, its American arch-rival did not include the 80 aircraft it sold to the country. It is unclear why Airbus formally reported Iranian orders while Boeing did not, and what criteria were used by each company in making their decisions. Airbus is further ahead in the sales process; Iran took delivery of its first Airbus jet on Wednesday, while Boeing's planes will be delivered from 2018. Neither planemaker gave any immediate comment when contacted by Reuters. A source close to Boeing said there was some bemusement at the U.S. planemaker as to why Airbus was able to book all of their Iranian orders. Airbus sources, who declined to be named, said the company's year-end numbers had been strictly audited. Analysts say decisions on whether to formally report such orders in annual tallies would depend partly on the status of the U.S. export licenses needed by both companies due to their heavy reliance on U.S. parts. People close to the deals say that while both big jetmakers have received U.S. export licenses for sales to Iran, only some of them cover the whole delivery period running until 2028. Both companies must apply for extensions for part of their orders. Industry sources say the same contractual conditions applied to both companies. Even though Boeing lost the headline order battle, analysts say it may ultimately benefit from lagging Airbus in the Iranian sales process if it can use its rival's presence in the country to make the case for its own deal to go through, in the face of U.S. Republican political opposition. During his election campaign, President-elect Donald Trump was critical of the international nuclear deal that led to the lifting of sanctions on Iran. The Iranian orders offer valuable respite from a slowdown in demand for both planemakers, with their combined new orders falling below deliveries for the first time since 2009. Boeing posted a book-to-bill ratio of 0.89 for 2016. This would be at exactly 1 if the Iranian deal were included, with 748 orders and just as many deliveries, company data shows. Airbus would fall below that threshold without the Iran order. Analysts said such margins show how relatively thin orders have become after a decade of mostly rampant growth, coinciding with growing indicators that the aerospace cycle is weakening. Airbus sales chief John Leahy warned this week orders would stay weak in 2017, but said deliveries which drive profits would continue to grow for some time on the back of older sales. (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Pravin Char) Next In Aerospace & Defense U.S. insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK Twice a day, Scott Ozawa's Bluetooth-enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he brushed for a full two minutes. In return, the 41-year-old software engineer gets free brush heads and the employer which bought his insurance gets premium discounts. Trump team struggles for cohesion on tougher China policy WASHINGTON The incoming U.S. administration’s tough talk against China has set the stage for showdowns on everything from security to trade and cyberspace, but contradictory signals are sowing uncertainty over how far President-elect Donald Trump is prepared to go in confronting Beijing. Lockheed Martin CEO meets Trump, says deal to lower F-35 costs is close NEW YORK Lockheed Martin Corp is close to a deal to significantly lower the cost of its F-35 aircraft, Chief Executive Officer Marillyn Hewson said on Friday after meeting with U.S. President-elect Donald Trump. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Airbus versus Boeing: Iran deals the difference in plane battle Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Fri Jan 13, 2017 | 6:53pm EST Airbus versus Boeing: Iran deals the difference in plane battle left right An Airbus A321 airliner arrives at the Mehrabad International Airport in Tehran, Iran January 12, 2017. Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS 1/4 left right A man holds an Iranian flag as an Airbus A321 airliner arrives at the Mehrabad International Airport in Tehran, Iran January 12, 2017. Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS 2/4 left right The logo of Airbus is pictured on a desk during the annual Airbus Commercial Press Briefing in Blagnac, Southwestern France, January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau 3/4 left right FILE PHOTO: The Boeing Company logo is projected on a wall at the 'What's Next?' conference in Chicago, Illinois, U.S., October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young/File Photo 4/4 By Tim Hepher | PARIS PARIS Over the past two decades, planemakers Airbus (AIR.PA) and Boeing (BA.N) have traded the crown in the annual orders race, and it was usually clear who had bragging rights in the fiercely competitive $120 billion annual jet market. On Wednesday, Airbus retained the top spot when it said it had recorded a total of 731 net orders for 2016, beating Boeing's tally of 668 for the year released a week ago. Standing out as the unusual kingmaker between the two Western giants is Iran, emerging from decades of sanctions to place billions of dollars of new orders. Because of fragile demand elsewhere, its comeback carries unusual weight. While Airbus included all but two of the 100 aircraft it sold to Iran last year, its American arch-rival did not include the 80 aircraft it sold to the country. It is unclear why Airbus formally reported Iranian orders while Boeing did not, and what criteria were used by each company in making their decisions. Airbus is further ahead in the sales process; Iran took delivery of its first Airbus jet on Wednesday, while Boeing's planes will be delivered from 2018. Neither planemaker gave any immediate comment when contacted by Reuters. A source close to Boeing said there was some bemusement at the U.S. planemaker as to why Airbus was able to book all of their Iranian orders. Airbus sources, who declined to be named, said the company's year-end numbers had been strictly audited. Analysts say decisions on whether to formally report such orders in annual tallies would depend partly on the status of the U.S. export licenses needed by both companies due to their heavy reliance on U.S. parts. People close to the deals say that while both big jetmakers have received U.S. export licenses for sales to Iran, only some of them cover the whole delivery period running until 2028. Both companies must apply for extensions for part of their orders. Industry sources say the same contractual conditions applied to both companies. Even though Boeing lost the headline order battle, analysts say it may ultimately benefit from lagging Airbus in the Iranian sales process if it can use its rival's presence in the country to make the case for its own deal to go through, in the face of U.S. Republican political opposition. During his election campaign, President-elect Donald Trump was critical of the international nuclear deal that led to the lifting of sanctions on Iran. The Iranian orders offer valuable respite from a slowdown in demand for both planemakers, with their combined new orders falling below deliveries for the first time since 2009. Boeing posted a book-to-bill ratio of 0.89 for 2016. This would be at exactly 1 if the Iranian deal were included, with 748 orders and just as many deliveries, company data shows. Airbus would fall below that threshold without the Iran order. Analysts said such margins show how relatively thin orders have become after a decade of mostly rampant growth, coinciding with growing indicators that the aerospace cycle is weakening. Airbus sales chief John Leahy warned this week orders would stay weak in 2017, but said deliveries which drive profits would continue to grow for some time on the back of older sales. (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Pravin Char) Next In Aerospace & Defense U.S. insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK Twice a day, Scott Ozawa's Bluetooth-enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he brushed for a full two minutes. In return, the 41-year-old software engineer gets free brush heads and the employer which bought his insurance gets premium discounts. Trump team struggles for cohesion on tougher China policy WASHINGTON The incoming U.S. administration’s tough talk against China has set the stage for showdowns on everything from security to trade and cyberspace, but contradictory signals are sowing uncertainty over how far President-elect Donald Trump is prepared to go in confronting Beijing. Lockheed Martin CEO meets Trump, says deal to lower F-35 costs is close NEW YORK Lockheed Martin Corp is close to a deal to significantly lower the cost of its F-35 aircraft, Chief Executive Officer Marillyn Hewson said on Friday after meeting with U.S. President-elect Donald Trump. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > Boeing's Ray Conner played big role in billion-dollar sale to India's SpiceJet (Video) Boeing's Ray Conner played big role in billion-dollar sale to India's SpiceJet (Video) Friday, 13 January 2017 (2 days ago) Indian budget airline SpiceJet unveiled details of an agreement with Boeing that includes 100 new jets, new options for 50 widebodies and renegotiated terms for a prior order of 42 Boeing 737 Max aircraft. It is one of the largest aviation deals in Indian aviation history and is the largest ever for Boeing in India, where it faces aggressive competition from rival Airbus. The agreement covers a total of up to 205 jets worth $22 billion altogether at list prices, said SpiceJet Chairman Ajay Singh,… » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: News unlimited - 2 days ago< > Embed SpiceJet to buy 205 new Boeing planes 01:37 New Delhi, Jan 13 (ANI): Budget carrier SpiceJet on Friday said that it had agreed to buy 205 new aircrafts from Boeing as part of its expansion plans in the world's fastest growing aviation market. Confirming the news, SpiceJet's chairman Ajay Singh said they have worked hard to reduce the... Recent related news India's SpiceJet agrees to buy up to 205 Boeing jets, worth $22 billionNEW DELHI (Reuters) - India's SpiceJet said on Friday it had agreed to buy up to 205 jets from Boeing , with a firm order of 155 new aircraft and an option for... Reuters 3 days ago - BusinessAlso reported by •VOA News You Might Like Other recent news in Business Pound falls ahead of Theresa May BREXIT speech PM to reveal 'GLOBAL BRITAIN' Brexit plan Debbie Mayo-Smith: FACEBOOK's new subtitle feature STERLING skids on Brexit worry; investors await Trump clarity Bill English optimistic about DONALD TRUMP US presidency This is what could happen if OBAMACARE is repealed PRINCE CHARLES co-authors Ladybird climate change book 'HIDDEN FIGURES' wins a dismal MLK weekend at the box office BURUNDI rare earth miner dusts itself off for London flotation TRUMP THREATENS BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama Angela Merkel José Mourinho Mike Pence Current Topics Obamacare Refugee Policy John Lewis Snuka Dead Anne Frank Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Robot Rights? EU To Discuss Artificial Intelligence Laws Nintendo Switch Line-Up Confirmed: Big Franchises Return For New Console In 2017 Snooper's Charter Under Fire - Investigatory Bill Faces Legal Challenge The Hillary Clinton Email Scandal Is Far From Over - But Not For Her Just When You Thought 2016 Was Dramatic Enough - It's 2017, And Cadbury's Are Increasing The Price Of Freddo Bars UK Internet Providers To Make Pirates Walk The Plank? Why The Booze Is Putting You Into Starvation Mode La La Land Destroys Long-Standing Golden Globes Record Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > US Appeals Against WTO Boeing Subsidies Ruling US Appeals Against WTO Boeing Subsidies Ruling Duration: 00:44s - Published: on December 16, 2016< > Embed The United States appealed on Friday against a ruling on tax breaks for Boeing, the World Trade Organization said on its website, the latest step in a more than a decade-old transatlantic spat over subsidies for Boeing and Airbus. A panel of WTO adjudicators ruled last month that a tax break from Washington state to help U.S. planemaker Boeing (BA.N) develop its new 777X jetliner was a prohibited subsidy. 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Transcript: US Appeals Against WTO Boeing Subsidies Ruling According to the World Trade Organization on Friday, the United States has appealed a ruling on tax breaks for Boeing, the latest step in a long running transatlantic spat over subsidies for Boeing and Airbus. Last month, WTO adjudicators ruled that a tax break from Washington state to help US planemaker Boeing develop its new 777X jetliner was a prohibited subsidy. You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama Angela Merkel José Mourinho Mike Pence Current Topics Obamacare Refugee Policy John Lewis Snuka Dead Anne Frank Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Robot Rights? EU To Discuss Artificial Intelligence Laws Nintendo Switch Line-Up Confirmed: Big Franchises Return For New Console In 2017 Snooper's Charter Under Fire - Investigatory Bill Faces Legal Challenge The Hillary Clinton Email Scandal Is Far From Over - But Not For Her Just When You Thought 2016 Was Dramatic Enough - It's 2017, And Cadbury's Are Increasing The Price Of Freddo Bars UK Internet Providers To Make Pirates Walk The Plank? Why The Booze Is Putting You Into Starvation Mode La La Land Destroys Long-Standing Golden Globes Record Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Indian Budget Airline to Buy 200 Boeing Jets VOA News Facebook 0 Twitter 0 E-mail More Google+ LinkedIn KakaoStory January 14, 2017 08:35 Indian budget airline SpiceJet will buy up to 205 Boeing planes worth $22 billion -- one of the biggest deals in India's booming airline industry, the two companies announced Friday. Boeing had reported an order for one hundred 737 MAX jets in 2016 from an unnamed buyer, confirmed Friday to be India's SpiceJet. The budget airline said the deal was for "up to" 205 planes, but 50 of those are from an earlier deal and 50 more are an add-on option to the initial 100. Boeing 737 MAX airplane is shown parked before an employee-only rollout event in Renton, Washington on Dec. 8, 2015. /AP SpiceJet is India's fourth largest airline by number of passengers carried and holds a 12.8 percent share in the Indian airline market. Indigo is the country's market leader, which also holds the record for the biggest deal, having bought 250 planes worth $26.5 billion from Airbus in 2015. India's booming economy and growing middle class have contributed to a 20 percent increase in Indian airline passengers in 2016, making it the world's fastest-growing air travel market. Copyright © Chosunilbo & Chosun.com Previous Next All Headlines Back to Top
Business Lockheed CEO Tells Trump F-35 Cost Will Be 'Significantly' Lower F-35: The fighter that took a decade to get off the ground The F-35 Joint Strike Fighter will make its first air show flight this weekend at the Miramar Air Show. The F-35 Joint Strike Fighter will make its first air show flight this weekend at the Miramar Air Show. AARON GREGGWashington Post Emerging from a meeting with President-elect Donald Trump at Trump Tower in New York on Friday, Lockheed Martin Chief Executive Marillyn Hewson told reporters Friday the Bethesda-based defense giant is close to a new contract deal that would cut the cost of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program and also create jobs. "We had the opportunity to talk to [president-elect Trump] about the F-35 program and I certainly share his views that we need to get the best capability to our men and women in uniform and we have to get it at the lowest possible price," Hewson said. "So I'm glad I had the opportunity to tell him that we are close to a deal that will bring the cost down significantly from the previous lot of aircraft to the next lot of aircraft and moreover it's going to bring a lot of jobs to the United States." She went on to say that the company would create 1,800 new jobs related to the program in Fort Worth, Texas as part of the new contract deal. Lockheed Martin estimates the program accounts for 38,900 jobs in Texas, and the plane's supply chain touches 45 states. Lockheed shares climbed nearly 1 percent on the news. "I also had the opportunity to give him some ideas on things we think we can do to continue to drive the cost down on the F-35 program so it was a great meeting," Hewson said. In recent months, the president-elect has not been shy about taking to social media to criticize or heap praise on individual companies and military programs. A Dec. 6 tweet bashed Chicago-based Boeing for what he referred to as the "out of control" cost of the Air Force One presidential airplane. Weeks later he turned in Boeing's favor at the expense of Lockheed, tweeting that he had asked the company to "price out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet" because of the F-35's high costs. Trump mentioned the F-35 fighter jet, which is powered by engines made built by East Hartford-based Pratt & Whitney, during a press conference this week. Pratt is a subsidiary of United Technologies Corp. "We're going to do some big things on the F-35 program," he said. "And we're going to get those costs way down, and we're gonna get the plane even better and we're going to have some competition and it's going to be a beautiful thing." Trump said the program was "way behind schedule and many billions of dollars over budget." "I don't like that," he said. Trump added he was "very much involved" with generals and admirals to work on bringing the plane's cost down. Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., said he hopes Trump's meeting with Hewson "further educates" him about the need for the F-35. Blumenthal, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, dismissed Trump's tweets criticizing the cost of the fighter jet as "140-character simplistic comments" that create unnecessary controversy. Rep. John Larson, D-Conn., said Trump is "certainly going to have a far different style and approach" to the military budget. "We're witnessing a new kind of negotiating style by the federal government," he said. Voices on both sides of the political aisle have criticized the F-35 program's cost long before Trump took up the issue. Each plane costs more than $100 million, though Lockheed expects the price to fall as the program matures. The 15-year-old program has been beset by various delays and has never flown in combat. Still, Trump's pick for defense secretary, James Mattis, told lawmakers the president-elect remains a supporter of the program. "Many of our allies have bet their air superiority on the F-35 program and it bonds us tightly together with them," he said during a hearing on his nomination this week. "The president-elect has talked about the cost of [the F-35] but he has in no way shown a lack of support for the program. He just wants the best bang for the buck." Courant staff writer Stephen Singer contributed to this report. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Hartford Courant Donald Trump Lockheed Martin Corp. Richard Blumenthal John B. Larson Obits e-Newspaper Breaking Sports Video Politics Community Most Viewed 25°
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Latest News Meghalaya sex scam: Guest-house owned by Home Minister’s family under probe Behind Bihar boat tragedy: No security review, patrol boats diverted After Sushma Swaraj, Amazon faces Economic Secy wrath, says ‘behave, desist’ As Dalit, Sikh issues take centrestage, in Punjab, parties question SC order Tried to assault 600 girls: 38-year-old arrested for ‘raping’ minors in Delhi Home Business Companies Rs 1.5-lakh-cr deal: SpiceJet to buy up to 205 Boeing planes Rs 1.5-lakh-cr deal: SpiceJet to buy up to 205 Boeing planes SpiceJet has topped up its existing order for 55 Boeing 737-8 MAX aircraft placed in 2014 with an order for an additional 100 jets. By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Updated: January 14, 2017 1:43 am SpiceJet has topped up its existing order for 55 Boeing 737-8 MAX aircraft placed in 2014 with an order for an additional 100 jets. Budget airline SpiceJet on Friday said that it would buy up to 205 new aircraft from Boeing for $22 billion (Rs 1.5 lakh crore) in what will be one of the largest aviation deals. The addition to SpiceJet’s fleet would help it grow market share from the current level of about 13 per cent. The carrier plans to expand its fleet nearly fivefold to 155 aircraft by 2024 from 32 narrow-body planes it currently operates. Watch What Else Is Making News SpiceJet has topped up its existing order for 55 Boeing 737-8 MAX aircraft placed in 2014 with an order for an additional 100 jets. It has also secured the purchase rights for 50 more jets along with wide-body aircraft. The conversion of purchase rights to acquisition would be contingent upon market conditions, SpiceJet officials said. Chairman and managing director Ajay Singh said the company will neither dilute its equity nor borrow to finance the deal. “Although the ‘sale and leaseback’ option is a standard practice we could also look at financing from Exim banks as interest rates across the world are low,” Singh added. Singh also said the transaction had built in an option to buy wide-body planes as the airline was mulling operating low-cost, long-haul flights. The model is currently being used by a few airlines including subsidiaries of Singapore Airlines and Air Asia. “The induction of the new aircraft, which burn 20 per cent less fuel, would help SpiceJet reduce costs and enhance its ability to compete,” Singh said. He added the new aircraft would increase the range of flights by up to one hour, opening up many more destinations, including international ones. SpiceJet will receive the first aircraft in the third quarter of 2018, and the rest of the jets would be delivered at an average of 20 every year till 2024. “Acquiring 20 aircraft every year is a manageable task as India needs about 80 aircraft every year to cater to the passenger growth. We would also install a flight simulator to train more pilots for deployment,” Singh said. Currently, the budget carrier has 32 B737s and 17 Bombardier Q400s. According to Boeing’s estimates, India will need 1,850 new aircraft worth $265 billion by 2036 to meet demand for air travel. The deal is also a boost to the American aircraft manufacturer Boeing as SpiceJet remains the only low-cost carrier to operate these aircraft. Other budget airlines like market leader IndiGo and GoAir have a fleet of Airbus planes. Best of Express Meghalaya sex scam: Guest-house run by Home Minister’s son under probe EntertainmentOk Jaanu box office collection day 3: Aditya Roy Kapur, Shraddha Kapoor film struggles to hold ground EntertainmentxXx Return of Xander Cage box office collection day 2: Deepika Padukone-Vin Diesel film expected to earn well EntertainmentSalman Khan shares nostalgic picture from sets of Karan Arjun, wishes SRK-Hrithik for Raees-Kaabil EntertainmentKoffee With Karan: Kareena Kapoor Khan, Sonam Kapoor turn Karan Johar's show into a mini kitty party Must Read SportsKohli, Kedar hit magical tons to script sensational win SportsThis win is going to take a while to sink in, says Kohli SportsVirat Kohli leaves Twitterati awe-struck after century TechnologyNokia could be developing a foldable smartphone, hints patent TechnologyLenovo sends out press invite for MWC 2017, may debut Moto G5 Plus TechnologyFormer Android chief Andy Rubin to release a high-end, AI-focused smartphone  Sonam Kapoor, Frieda Pinto, Pooja Hegde: Best and worst dressed Bollywood divas at Filmfare Awards 2017 Jan 16: Latest News Australian Open Day 1 Live: Simona Halep stunned in round 1 Weather Report, a film that cronicles lives in Pune, at PIFF Donald Trump labels NATO ‘obsolete’ in newspaper interview China pollution: Beijing to be hit by another bout of smog No alliance, no power in PCMC, says Shiv Sena; BJP hits back, ‘don’t care, we can go alone’                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Airbus versus Boeing: Iran deals the difference in plane battle Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Fri Jan 13, 2017 | 6:53pm EST Airbus versus Boeing: Iran deals the difference in plane battle left right An Airbus A321 airliner arrives at the Mehrabad International Airport in Tehran, Iran January 12, 2017. Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS 1/4 left right A man holds an Iranian flag as an Airbus A321 airliner arrives at the Mehrabad International Airport in Tehran, Iran January 12, 2017. Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS 2/4 left right The logo of Airbus is pictured on a desk during the annual Airbus Commercial Press Briefing in Blagnac, Southwestern France, January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau 3/4 left right FILE PHOTO: The Boeing Company logo is projected on a wall at the 'What's Next?' conference in Chicago, Illinois, U.S., October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young/File Photo 4/4 By Tim Hepher | PARIS PARIS Over the past two decades, planemakers Airbus (AIR.PA) and Boeing (BA.N) have traded the crown in the annual orders race, and it was usually clear who had bragging rights in the fiercely competitive $120 billion annual jet market. On Wednesday, Airbus retained the top spot when it said it had recorded a total of 731 net orders for 2016, beating Boeing's tally of 668 for the year released a week ago. Standing out as the unusual kingmaker between the two Western giants is Iran, emerging from decades of sanctions to place billions of dollars of new orders. Because of fragile demand elsewhere, its comeback carries unusual weight. While Airbus included all but two of the 100 aircraft it sold to Iran last year, its American arch-rival did not include the 80 aircraft it sold to the country. It is unclear why Airbus formally reported Iranian orders while Boeing did not, and what criteria were used by each company in making their decisions. Airbus is further ahead in the sales process; Iran took delivery of its first Airbus jet on Wednesday, while Boeing's planes will be delivered from 2018. Neither planemaker gave any immediate comment when contacted by Reuters. A source close to Boeing said there was some bemusement at the U.S. planemaker as to why Airbus was able to book all of their Iranian orders. Airbus sources, who declined to be named, said the company's year-end numbers had been strictly audited. Analysts say decisions on whether to formally report such orders in annual tallies would depend partly on the status of the U.S. export licenses needed by both companies due to their heavy reliance on U.S. parts. People close to the deals say that while both big jetmakers have received U.S. export licenses for sales to Iran, only some of them cover the whole delivery period running until 2028. Both companies must apply for extensions for part of their orders. Industry sources say the same contractual conditions applied to both companies. Even though Boeing lost the headline order battle, analysts say it may ultimately benefit from lagging Airbus in the Iranian sales process if it can use its rival's presence in the country to make the case for its own deal to go through, in the face of U.S. Republican political opposition. During his election campaign, President-elect Donald Trump was critical of the international nuclear deal that led to the lifting of sanctions on Iran. The Iranian orders offer valuable respite from a slowdown in demand for both planemakers, with their combined new orders falling below deliveries for the first time since 2009. Boeing posted a book-to-bill ratio of 0.89 for 2016. This would be at exactly 1 if the Iranian deal were included, with 748 orders and just as many deliveries, company data shows. Airbus would fall below that threshold without the Iran order. Analysts said such margins show how relatively thin orders have become after a decade of mostly rampant growth, coinciding with growing indicators that the aerospace cycle is weakening. Airbus sales chief John Leahy warned this week orders would stay weak in 2017, but said deliveries which drive profits would continue to grow for some time on the back of older sales. (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Pravin Char) Next In Aerospace & Defense U.S. insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK Twice a day, Scott Ozawa's Bluetooth-enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he brushed for a full two minutes. In return, the 41-year-old software engineer gets free brush heads and the employer which bought his insurance gets premium discounts. Trump team struggles for cohesion on tougher China policy WASHINGTON The incoming U.S. administration’s tough talk against China has set the stage for showdowns on everything from security to trade and cyberspace, but contradictory signals are sowing uncertainty over how far President-elect Donald Trump is prepared to go in confronting Beijing. Lockheed Martin CEO meets Trump, says deal to lower F-35 costs is close NEW YORK Lockheed Martin Corp is close to a deal to significantly lower the cost of its F-35 aircraft, Chief Executive Officer Marillyn Hewson said on Friday after meeting with U.S. President-elect Donald Trump. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Airbus versus Boeing: Iran deals the difference in plane battle Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Fri Jan 13, 2017 | 6:53pm EST Airbus versus Boeing: Iran deals the difference in plane battle left right An Airbus A321 airliner arrives at the Mehrabad International Airport in Tehran, Iran January 12, 2017. Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS 1/4 left right A man holds an Iranian flag as an Airbus A321 airliner arrives at the Mehrabad International Airport in Tehran, Iran January 12, 2017. Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS 2/4 left right The logo of Airbus is pictured on a desk during the annual Airbus Commercial Press Briefing in Blagnac, Southwestern France, January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau 3/4 left right FILE PHOTO: The Boeing Company logo is projected on a wall at the 'What's Next?' conference in Chicago, Illinois, U.S., October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young/File Photo 4/4 By Tim Hepher | PARIS PARIS Over the past two decades, planemakers Airbus (AIR.PA) and Boeing (BA.N) have traded the crown in the annual orders race, and it was usually clear who had bragging rights in the fiercely competitive $120 billion annual jet market. On Wednesday, Airbus retained the top spot when it said it had recorded a total of 731 net orders for 2016, beating Boeing's tally of 668 for the year released a week ago. Standing out as the unusual kingmaker between the two Western giants is Iran, emerging from decades of sanctions to place billions of dollars of new orders. Because of fragile demand elsewhere, its comeback carries unusual weight. While Airbus included all but two of the 100 aircraft it sold to Iran last year, its American arch-rival did not include the 80 aircraft it sold to the country. It is unclear why Airbus formally reported Iranian orders while Boeing did not, and what criteria were used by each company in making their decisions. Airbus is further ahead in the sales process; Iran took delivery of its first Airbus jet on Wednesday, while Boeing's planes will be delivered from 2018. Neither planemaker gave any immediate comment when contacted by Reuters. A source close to Boeing said there was some bemusement at the U.S. planemaker as to why Airbus was able to book all of their Iranian orders. Airbus sources, who declined to be named, said the company's year-end numbers had been strictly audited. Analysts say decisions on whether to formally report such orders in annual tallies would depend partly on the status of the U.S. export licenses needed by both companies due to their heavy reliance on U.S. parts. People close to the deals say that while both big jetmakers have received U.S. export licenses for sales to Iran, only some of them cover the whole delivery period running until 2028. Both companies must apply for extensions for part of their orders. Industry sources say the same contractual conditions applied to both companies. Even though Boeing lost the headline order battle, analysts say it may ultimately benefit from lagging Airbus in the Iranian sales process if it can use its rival's presence in the country to make the case for its own deal to go through, in the face of U.S. Republican political opposition. During his election campaign, President-elect Donald Trump was critical of the international nuclear deal that led to the lifting of sanctions on Iran. The Iranian orders offer valuable respite from a slowdown in demand for both planemakers, with their combined new orders falling below deliveries for the first time since 2009. Boeing posted a book-to-bill ratio of 0.89 for 2016. This would be at exactly 1 if the Iranian deal were included, with 748 orders and just as many deliveries, company data shows. Airbus would fall below that threshold without the Iran order. Analysts said such margins show how relatively thin orders have become after a decade of mostly rampant growth, coinciding with growing indicators that the aerospace cycle is weakening. Airbus sales chief John Leahy warned this week orders would stay weak in 2017, but said deliveries which drive profits would continue to grow for some time on the back of older sales. (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Pravin Char) Next In Aerospace & Defense U.S. insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK Twice a day, Scott Ozawa's Bluetooth-enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he brushed for a full two minutes. In return, the 41-year-old software engineer gets free brush heads and the employer which bought his insurance gets premium discounts. Trump team struggles for cohesion on tougher China policy WASHINGTON The incoming U.S. administration’s tough talk against China has set the stage for showdowns on everything from security to trade and cyberspace, but contradictory signals are sowing uncertainty over how far President-elect Donald Trump is prepared to go in confronting Beijing. Lockheed Martin CEO meets Trump, says deal to lower F-35 costs is close NEW YORK Lockheed Martin Corp is close to a deal to significantly lower the cost of its F-35 aircraft, Chief Executive Officer Marillyn Hewson said on Friday after meeting with U.S. President-elect Donald Trump. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Menu Subscribe Login My CSMonitor.com Login Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Business First Look SpiceJet buys 100 narrow-body planes: The future of air travel in India? A decade ago, ultra-large aircraft were seen as the future of air travel. But now, a budget airline in one of the world's fastest-growing markets sees a more streamlined future. Monitor's Best: Top 5 Focus Terror and the Mexico border: How big a threat? Devices sprout ears: What do Alexa and Siri mean for privacy? For many, problems with Obamacare are personal, not partisan (+video) The surprising response to Trump son-in-law's new White House post Doing the math: Why 'Hidden Figures' adds up for moviegoers Popular Now Mysterious seadragon finally spotted alive – and caught on video First Look Scientists finally decode the Great Molasses Flood of 1919 Focus Terror and the Mexico border: How big a threat? First Look This star has a secret – even better than 'alien megastructures' First Look Was D.B. Cooper a Boeing worker? Photos of the weekend SUBSCRIBE A SpiceJet passenger aircraft takes off from Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel international airport in Ahmedabad, India, on May 19, 2016. Amit Dave/Reuters | Caption Patrick Reilly Staff January 13, 2017 —On Friday, Indian airline SpiceJet announced that it would acquire 100 new 737 MAX airliners from Boeing, with an option to acquire 50 more of the same aircraft. "What this aircraft order does is enhance our ability to be competitive in the future as it helps us reduce costs," the airline’s chairman, Ajay Singh, said in a news conference in New Delhi, as Reuters reported. In the airline industry, trying to reduce costs is nothing new. But India’s carriers have pursued this goal amid a surge in demand: The number of Indian airline passengers grew 37-fold between 1970 and 2015, when 99 million Indians flew. In this huge, fast-growing market, SpiceJet’s decision to buy the narrow-body 737 offers a glimpse at the future of commercial aviation. In the 2000s, airlines and airplane manufacturers saw size as key. On Jan. 17, 2005, Airbus unveiled its double-decker “superjumbo” A380 aircraft to much fanfare. “We’ll sell 700 or 750,” Noel Forgeard, then Airbus’s chief executive officer, confidently said at the time, according to the BBC. Developing countries like India, whose growing middle classes could afford to fly for the first time, were expected to drive this demand. Half a dozen airlines were started to serve India's "fast-growing and flush middle class" after the Indian government opened commercial aviation to increased competition, and "Passenger numbers surged as cheap flights proved an irresistible alternative to long, bumpy train journeys," as The Christian Science Monitor reported in 2009.  How safe is flying? Take the aviation safety quiz These airlines hit turbulence during the 2008-2009 global recession. Eight years later, India’s air travel numbers are rising again. But few, if any, Indians are taking their first flights on an ultra-large jet. Ten years after the A380’s launch, only 207 of the aircraft have been sold – well below the “700 or 750” predicted by Mr. Forgeard 12 years ago. The 737 MAX’s maximum seating of 200 can’t compete with the A380’s 555 seating capacity – or can it? Airbus predicted “increasingly crowded hubs and Asian economic expansion would spur demand for legions of superjumbos across the planet.... Boeing saw things differently, suggesting globalization would demand higher frequencies on trunk routes combined with a multiplicity of new services linking smaller cities,” Bloomberg reported in July. Boeing’s prediction has since borne out, and airlines like SpiceJet are doing most of their business on shorter planes. In 2016, more than 18 million Indians flew internationally, compared with almost 90 million on domestic routes. Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign-Up × Smaller planes make sense for these shorter routes. With more, smaller aircraft like the 737, an airline can re-deploy aircraft as needed to meet changing demands. SpiceJet already fills its planes at a higher rate than any of its competitors. SpiceJet’s new purchase makes it well-equipped to continue this strategy. It also pushes Boeing’s expectations on which planes could prove most profitable. The Seattle-based aircraft giant believed that both trunk routes and flights between small cities would work best with mid-sized, wide-bodied planes like the 777 and the 787, as Bloomberg reported. But its newest customer, whose domestic routes connect some of the largest cities in the world, is thinking even smaller. Print/Reprints Next Up Test your knowledge How safe is flying? Take the aviation safety quiz By David Clark Scott First Look Last United 747 flights: A sign of aviation progress? By J Walker Glascock First Look Can you really fly to Europe from the West Coast for $69? By Charlie Wood Photos of the Day Photos of the weekend Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
On Air: Mon - Fri 12-6:30am, Sat & Sun 12-7am Best of Newstalk The very best of today's programming Show Info Share My Queue Listen Live Newstalk TV Podcasts Listen Back 60% Complete Watch Listen Off The Ball latest News Business & Tech Sport Life Shows Competitions BUSINESS & TECH all Consumer Finance Product Reviews How to Tech BUSINESS & TECH Businesses back Trump as he raises a record €85m in inauguration donations The man who organised America's last two inaugurations asks why donors' money is still coming in and wonders where it is going to go... Business & Tech Picture by Paul Sancya AP/Press Association Images 17:13 13 Jan 2017 Newstalk 2 days ago With €85m of private donations so far, Donald Trump's inauguration has proved to be an attractive way for corporations to set out their stall for America's next commander-in-chief. Mr Trump's inauguration committee has received enough money to pay for the event twice over and money is still flowing in. Most donors remain anonymous and the committee has 90 days to name them. Blue chip donors named so far include aircraft maker Boeing, which has donated €941,000. The company's multibillion-dollar Air Force One contract was last month threatened with cancellation by Mr Trump. Oil and gas giant Chevron has donated €470,500 while AT&T has supplied extra mobile capacity for the National Mall. US taxpayers will provide a considerable share of the budget despite a big share of the inauguration costs being covered by the private donations. Public funds will pay for the €4.7m cost of building a bunting-decorated 10,000 square-foot platform for the swearing-in. The US public also pays security costs for the event, which brings together a big chunk of the US political leadership, hundreds of thousands of ordinary Americans and a fair share of protesters. This will include a €2.3m overtime bill for the US Capitol police force. Federal funds will also pay for more than 5,000 service members from across the regular armed forces, plus a further 7,500 National Guard reservists. The District of Columbia expects to spend €27.5m, which it will claw back from federal government after the event. All of which leaves an unprecedented and unspent pot of private donations for Mr Trump's inauguration team to spend on pop singers, parades, choirs, celebratory balls, bunting - and more than 1,000 portable toilets. The man who organised America's last two inaugurations asks why donors' money is still coming in and wonders where it is going to go. "We planned the two largest inaugurations in the history of our country and we never spent anywhere near that," said Steve Kerrigan, who led Barack Obama's 2009 and 2013 inauguration events. "I can't imagine how they are going to spend that amount of money - and why they would even keep raising money," he said. Mr Kerrigan’s committee collected €52m for Mr Obama’s first inauguration and €40m for his second. However, Mr Obama's first inauguration team left a surplus, meaning Mr Trump's record-breaking haul of private and corporate donations could have paid for both of his predecessor's events. US government transparency advocates the Sunlight Foundation have said that Mr Trump's lack of disclosure of inauguration donors to date has "set a tone" and has implications for White House transparency and accountability. Donations notwithstanding, Mr Trump’s inaugural planner Tom Barrack has suggested that the 20 January ceremony and celebrations will be more conservative, as they avoid a "circus-like atmosphere" in favour of a "back-to-work" mindset with "soft sensuality". The Trump committee is planning fewer set-piece events, balls, parades and performances for the day. Mr Trump is holding three inaugural balls; Mr Obama had 10 balls at his first inauguration. Mr Trump's team hopes to keep its parade to 90 minutes. The longest inauguration parade, with 73 bands and 59 floats, lasted more than four-and-a-half hours, at Dwight Eisenhower's first inauguration in 1953. The President-elect's inaugural team has failed to attract the kind of A-list performers who turned out in force for Mr Obama. Artists including Elton John, Andrea Bocelli, Celine Dion and Charlotte Church have all publicly declined an invitation. Mr Trump's announced headliners are teen singer Jackie Evancho, the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Radio City Rockettes. Leftover donations will go to charity and other White House events. Spokesman Boris Epshteyn said the inaugural committee is "fully focused on organising world-class events that honour our nation's tremendous history and reach every corner of the globe". Mr Trump has not specified the charities which will benefit from money left over after the event. His past pledges to donate to charity have not always gone ahead as announced. Mr Obama used his excess inaugural dollars to help pay for the annual White House Easter egg roll and other public events. 17:13 13 Jan 2017 Newstalk 2 days ago 4 Related articles Trump hits out at "sleazebag political operatives" in latest Twitter attacks Fed officials warn of economic volatility following initial Trump bounce Kompromat: How digging up dirt is a Russian way of life Trump's Big Pharma shots another cause for Irish concern most popular latest sport The most expensive street in Ireland has been named "I was pissed off": Dublin club footballer fuming that GAA player-coach contract was leaked onto social media Senegal beat Tunisia 2-0 in the African Nations Cup Brendan Rodgers aiming to keep Celtic progressing in 2017 site terms privacy advertise with us contact competitions apps appliancesdelivered.ie © Copyright 2015 - Newstalk Ltd. Reg #309181 Marconi House, Digges Lane, Dublin 2 Best of Newstalk × The very best of today's programming Show page Close Share × Embed Code Social Close My Queue × Play QueueClose Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name Morning Digest Yes No Daily Digest Yes No × Loading...
January 16, 2017 0300 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:175658 Publish Date: Fri, 13 Jan 2017 18:35:52 GMT Service: Iran Iran welcomes first new Airbus plane The first of 100 Airbus planes that Iran purchased from the European aviation giant landed in the capital Tehran on Thursday. The Iran Air A321 jet touched down at Mehrabad International Airport after a flight from Toulouse, France, where the headquarters of the European consortium is located. Iran, which has not directly purchased a Western-built plane in nearly 40 years, has ordered 100 airliners from Airbus and 80 from Boeing and is close to a deal to buy 20 turboprop aircraft from Toulouse-based ATR, which is jointly owned by Airbus and Italy's Leonardo Finmeccanica. Transport Minister Abbas Akhoundi told reporters at an airport ceremony that the plane would be used for domestic flights. Iran is hoping to rapidly upgrade its fleet now that sanctions have been lifted under the 2015 nuclear accord, in which Tehran agreed to curb its nuclear program. Most of Iran's aging fleet of 250 commercial planes were purchased before the 1979 Islamic Revolution, and as of June, only 162 were operational, with the rest grounded because of a lack of spare parts. Iran Air, whose website lists a fleet of 43 planes, offers direct flights to over 30 international destinations, including London. “We struggled for two years to purchase planes from Airbus,” Iran Air Chief Farhad Parvaresh told reporters at the ceremony. “There were many problems that still remained from the past and we had to go through a very difficult path to finalize the deal with Airbus.” The official emphasized that providing funds to support purchases of planes from Airbus contained various complexities. “This was because Iran had not used the mechanisms to provide foreign funds [for its purchases from overseas supplies] over the past two decades.” Both Airbus and Boeing need US export licenses to deliver the jets because of the number of US parts they contain. The two companies have received licenses but some need to be extended due to the lengthy delivery period and Boeing is expected to point to the Airbus delivery to argue its deal should go ahead. "Everything has been done according to the international regulations and rules up to now. We hope that nothing special happens to end this contract,” Parvaresh told reporters in France on Wednesday. Iran’s national carrier hopes to receive at least two more aircraft from Airbus by the end of March and a total of six A320 aircraft in calendar year 2017. Parvaresh said on Thursday that Iran's Bank of Industry and Mine had financed the purchase of the first plane delivered. Airbus and Boeing are putting up financing help for early deliveries as many Western banks remain wary of doing deals with Iran due to restrictions on the use of the US financial system that remain in effect despite the nuclear deal. According to Reuters, Airbus, initially reported to have backed the first seven deliveries, was now looking at providing finance for a larger number of deliveries and that Boeing planned to finance the first half a dozen jets. Most planes are sold in dollars but Airbus is being paid in euros. Boeing's bankers are looking for ways for the company to get paid for future deliveries without breaking core sanctions, subject to Treasury approval, a person close to the deal said.     KeyWords Iran Airbus first plane   Related News : New Airbus planes to join Iran's fleet by next March Iran starts talks with Airbus on plane purchase contract Airbus to deliver first batch of planes to Iran soon Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News Iran, intl. community condemn Bahrain’s execution of three activists Iran favors peace, stability promotion in Balkans: Rouhani Iran supports dialogue to resolve Iraq problems Iraq seeking to improve Iran-Saudi Arabia ties Sri Lanka eager to resume Iran oil imports Iran’s Mehrzad, Rahman Ones to Watch for 2017 Iran, Albania keen on cooperation Nuclear deal bolstered Iran’s global image Iran’s Esteghlal signs Uzbek midfielder Djeparov Iran volleyball skipper faces ban Most Visited Obama extends national emergency on Iran US will 'shoot down' North Korean missiles: Pentagon chief Pentagon deploys 300 Marines to Afghanistan's Helmand www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 0/0668 sec
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Does SpiceJet’s $23 Billion Order for 205 Boeing Jets Change Anything? By Paul Ausick January 13, 2017 7:50 am EST Print Email Tweet Boeing Co.’s (NYSE: BA) Friday morning announcement of a significant order from India’s SpiceJet was expected; the size of the order was not. Maybe it’s all about how Boeing counts things. The company did not actually add any new planes to its order book, even though the aircraft maker said that SpiceJet had made a “commitment for up to 205 airplanes.” Here’s the money paragraph from the press release: Booked at the end of 2016, the announcement includes 100 new 737 MAX 8s, SpiceJet’s current order for 42 MAXs, 13 additional 737 MAXs which were previously attributed to an unidentified customer on Boeing’s Orders & Deliveries website, as well as purchase rights for 50 additional airplanes. In other words, 155 planes had already been booked and the other 50 are a commitment from SpiceJet to hold its place in line, just in case the airline decides to buy more planes at some future date. The value of the order at list prices has been set at nearly $23 billion, which assumes that all 205 planes are 737 MAX 8s. SpiceJet surely will not pay full list price for the planes. A discount of around 40% to the list price of $110 million for a 737 MAX 8 would not be unusual, and the discount could go higher. SpiceJet narrowly avoided bankruptcy in 2014, but the low-cost carrier appears to be fully on its feet again. Its current fleet of 32 Boeing 737s places it among the top carriers in India’s fast-growing market. In Friday’s premarket session, Boeing shares traded up about 0.5%, at $159.00 in a 52-week range of $102.10 to $160.07. Shares closed down about 1.1% on Thursday at $158.29. The stock’s consensus 12-month price target is $158.90. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « The 35 Most Expensive Homes in America Today Merrill Lynch’s 5 Stocks to Buy for a Stronger Dollar » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, airlines, India, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 6-Point Checklist for Making Sure You Can Afford to Invest Most Americans Are Dead Wrong About IRAs How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share India's SpiceJet Buying Up To 205 Boeing Planes 1/13/2017 9:55 AM ET Indian budget airline SpiceJet plans to buy up to 205 next-generation Boeing Co. (BA) aircraft as the carrier seeks to expand in the world's fastest growing aviation market. The deal is valued at $22 billion, based on list prices. According to a joint statement by Boeing and SpiceJet on Friday, the aircraft were booked at the end of 2016. It includes 100 new 737 MAX 8 aircraft, SpiceJet's current order for 42 MAXs, 13 additional 737 MAXs that were previously attributed to an unidentified customer on Boeing's Orders & Deliveries website, as well as purchase rights for 50 additional airplanes. The deal provides a boost to Boeing in India as its rival Airbus has orders for more than 500 aircraft from SpiceJet's peers, IndiGo and GoAir. SpiceJet, an all-Boeing jet operator, placed its first order with Boeing in 2005 for Next-Generation or NG 737s and currently operates 32 737 NGs in its fleet. The carrier is India's fourth-largest airline behind IndiGo, Jet Airways and state-run Air India. India is the world's fastest growing aviation market, with the number of Indian passengers rising by more than 20 percent annually amid low prices and rising income. Ray Conner, vice chairman of Boeing Co. said, "We are honored to build upon more than a decade of partnership with SpiceJet with their commitment of up to 205 airplanes. The economics of the 737 MAXs will allow SpiceJet to profitably open new markets, expand connectively within India and beyond, and offer their customers a superior passenger experience." The 737 MAX is the fourth generation of the 737 family and incorporates the latest technology CFM International LEAP-1B engines, Advanced Technology winglets and other modifications to deliver the highest efficiency and passenger comfort in the single-aisle market. According to Boeing, the new airplane will deliver 20 percent lower fuel use than the first Next-Generation 737s and also has the lowest operating costs in its class. SpiceJet operates 336 average daily flights to 45 destinations, including 39 domestic and 6 international ones. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Trump Takes Power, Manufacturing In Focus -- Economic Preview For Week of January 16 Lazy, or Inefficient? These are the World's Least Productive Countries Universal Basic Income Back In Vogue Previous Story Next Story More Top Stories Gainers & Losers Of The Day: DXCM, CYAD, SKLN, SSH... Stocks Close Mostly Higher But Dow Dips Slightly - U.S. Commentary House Approves Resolution Setting Up Repeal Of Obamacare Takata Execs Face Criminal Charges In Airbag Scandal Apple To Face Lawsuit Over App Monopoly Allegations Few Americans Support Full Obamacare Repeal DBRS Downgrades Long-Term Ratings On Italy's Debt GOP Congressman Threatens To Subpoena Ethics Watchdog Critical Of Trump George Soros Lost Nearly $1 Bln. After Trump Win: Report Stocks Remain Mostly Positive In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary What's The Buzz About Nintendo Switch? Renault Reportedly Probed Over Diesel Emissions Banking Stocks Leading The Way Higher On Wall Street - U.S. Commentary Millennials Fail To Keep Up With Mom And Dad U.S. Business Inventories Climb More Than Expected In November <<Previous        143 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS BAE Systems Gets $542 Mln Contract To Supply M777 Howitzers To India Boeing Announces Commitment For Up To 205 Airplanes - Quick Facts Etihad Airways Reportedly Seeks $2.6 Bln For Boeing, Airbus Jets Bloomberg : Boeing Close To $10.1 Bln Order From India's SpiceJet Boeing Receives $8.25 Bln Order From GE Trade BA now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Manufacturing, Housing In Focus Amid Trump's Inauguration Lazy, Or Inefficient? The World's Least Productive Countries, Ranked Millennials Fail To Keep Up With Mom And Dad India's SpiceJet Buying Up To 205 Boeing Planes JPMorgan Chase Q4 Profit Rises; Results Top Estimates Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates CVS Offering Cheap Generic Alternative To EpiPen Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe Teva Loses Alimta Appeal Against Eli Lilly American Airlines Uniforms Are Safe, Manufacturer Says FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer McDonald's Finally Testing All-Day Breakfast In Canada Woman Sues Chipolte For $2 Bln For Using Her Photographs For Promotion Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates EGLT Gets Long Awaited FDA Approval, PTCT Breathes Easy, GLMD On Track FDA Says No To TSRO, Ablynx On Track, MYL Leads In Herceptin Biosim Race In U.S. Gainers & Losers Of The Day: TBIO, IMMU, SGMO, BIOC, APRI Gainers & Losers Of The Day: BIOC, CUR, ONTX, EGLT, ABAX... National Express To Sell C2c Franchise To FS Italiane's Trenitalia For £70 Mln Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ACST, APRI, SBBP, NVDQ, NVCR So Long DSCI, MRK Seeks New Use For Old Drug, VRX Does It Again, PSTI On Watch UniCredit Discloses Additions To Explanatory Report Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe Lowe's Reportedly Plans Thousands Of Job Cuts News Corp: India's PropTiger.com, Housing.com To Join, To Get $55 Mln Investment Saks Fifth Ave. Owner Warns On Challenging Retail Environment WSJ: Brookdale Nursing Homes A Target For Blackstone Fresenius Medical Care Says Pleased With US Court's Temporary Restraining Order Lowe's Reportedly Plans Thousands Of Job Cuts Kellogg Pringles Launches Pringles LOUD In Five Varieties - Quick Facts FDIC Sues Bank Of America - Quick Facts VCA Stock Climbs On Mars' $9.1 Bln Takeover Deal METRO Group Q1 Like-for-like Sales Flat, But Sales Edge Down Phoenix Group Achieves Its 2016 Target For Cash Generation - Quick Facts Wm Morrison Christmas Sales Up; Sees FY17 Profit Ahead Of Market View Playtech Names Andrew Smith CFO; FY Results To Be In Line With Market View Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Monday, 16 January 2017 اردو Türkçe العربیة فارسی Toggle navigation TASNIM NEWS .com Home All Stories Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Photos Interview No Restriction on Sales of Airbus Planes’ Parts in Iran: Official News ID: 1295456 Service: Economy January, 13, 2017 - 17:16 TEHRAN (Tasnim) – The chairman of Iran Air announced that there is no restriction on Iran to supply spare parts of the commercial planes manufactured by France's Airbus except “a sensitive part” used for air navigation. A license has been given to the Airbus, Boeing and ATR to sell airplanes and their spare parts to Iran, Farhad Parvaresh told the Tasnim News Agency. He said except for “a sensitive part” related to air navigation, Iran has no limitation on the supply of the spare parts of the Airbus commercial planes. The comments came after the first commercial airliner purchased from Airbus following the 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and world powers landed at Tehran’s Mehrabad International Airport on Thursday. The Plane arrived in the Iranian capital after it took off from Germany’s Hamburg with Iranian pilots on Wednesday. The 189-seat plane, already painted in IranAir’s livery, is the first of 100 ordered from the company. Iran Air is reportedly set to receive the next seven or eight planes from Airbus in 2017. During a January 2016 visit to Paris by Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, Tehran signed a major contract with Airbus worth about $27 billion to buy 118 planes. Iran and Airbus intensified business negotiations in October 2016 following the US decision to remove a final hurdle for Western aircraft manufacturers to sell planes to Iran under contracts signed after coming into force of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), a nuclear agreement between Tehran and the Group 5+1 (Russia, China, the US, Britain, France, and Germany). R1016170/P42329/S1193/CT18 Share this story: http://tn.ai/1295456 All Stories Azerbaijan Beats Iran in Valentin Granatkin Memorial Execution of 3 Bahraini Youths to Speed Up Collapse of Al Khalifa: Opposition Figure Oil Prices Will Be Much More Volatile in 2017: IEA Russia Says Facing Increased Cyber Attacks from Abroad Three-Day Mourning Declared in Bahrain after Execution of Activists France Says 'Serious Consequences' If US Embassy Moves to Jerusalem Obama Administration's Hacking Claims Groundless: Russian Security Council Head Iran’s Siamand Rahman among Ones to Watch Hezbollah Condemns Execution of Three Young Men in Bahrain US Will Have to Pay Price for Scrapping JCPOA: Iranian Diplomat Donald Trump Could Ban Journalists from the White House, Says Adviser Bahraini Opposition Parties Call for Mass Anti-Regime Rally Russia to Upgrade Its Naval, Air Bases in Syria Hamas Cautions Israel of Intifada Flare-Up Iran’s Paykan Signs French Midfielder Jeremy Manzorro Iran Condemns Execution of Bahraini Activists Fresh Saudi Strikes Claim 6 Lives in Northwestern Yemen Roadside Bomb Kills Seven Afghan Civilians: Officials × نمودار تغییر قیمت طلا و ارز تغییر قیمت لحظه نوع (0.23%) 9 3,944 price_dollar (0.02%) 1 4,301 price_eur (0.02%) 1 4,883 price_gbp (-0.18%) -2 1,105 price_aed (-0.43%) -50,000 11,500,000 sekeb (0.03%) 3,000 11,863,000 sekee (0.33%) 20,000 6,020,000 nim (-0.62%) -20,000 3,200,000 rob (-0.49%) -10,000 2,050,000 gerami (-0.02%) -230 1,153,400 geram18 (-0.02%) -300 1,537,490 geram24 (-0.02%) -1,000 5,001,000 mesghal (-0.01%) -10 1,204.20 ons (-0.1%) -100 989.00 platinum -- 16.92 silver (0.13%) 100 753.00 palladium (0.04%) 2 52.57 oil (0.04%) 2 55.68 oil_brent (-89.84%) -4,623 52.3 oil_opec -- 79,073 bourse (0.09%) 1 1,088 price_try -- 594 price_cny (2.86%) 1 35 price_jpy -- 3,127 price_cad (0.07%) 2 2,960 price_aud (1.01%) 30 2,980 price_nzd (-0.15%) -6 3,949 price_chf (-3.23%) -2 60 price_afn (0.23%) 1 440 price_sek (0.18%) 1 561 price_dkk (0.22%) 1 462 price_nok (-1.16%) -150 12,800 price_kwd (-0.47%) -5 1,055 price_sar (0.46%) 5 1,085 price_qar (-0.49%) -50 10,250 price_omr -- 3 price_iqd -- 10 price_syp (-7.02%) -4 53 price_inr (-5%) -2 38 price_pkr (-1.69%) -50 2,900 price_sgd (3.57%) 20 560 price_hkd (-0.22%) -2 920 price_myr -- 118 price_thb (2.78%) 2 72 price_rub (-0.7%) -15 2,120 price_azn (-89.86%) -8,312 938 price_bhd بیشتر بروزرسانی: دوشنبه ۲۷ دی - ۰۶:۳۰ × ثبت نام در خبرنامه خبرگزاری تسنیم برای دریافت خبرنامه آدرس ایمیل شما ضروری می باشد هر زمان که نیاز به ویرایش این اطلاعات داشتید، با وارد کردن ایمیلتان تغییرات را ذخیره کنید در صورتی که تمایل به ادامه اشتراک نداشتید، در ایمیلی که از سوی ما دریافت می کنید، عدم اشتراک را انتخاب کنید پس از ثبت نام، جهت تایید ایمیل/تلفن همراه ، برای شما پیامی ارسال می شود، لطفاً پیام را تایید کنید Name: Email: Mobile: نوع اخبار: اخبار برگزیده خبر فوری پیشنهاد سردبیر پوشش اخبار: کل سایت سرویس/حوزه ای خاص سرویس ها : Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Interview بازه زمانی دریافت خبر: هر 12 ساعتهر 24 ساعتهر 48 ساعتهفته ای یکبار Submit About Contact Us Archive Site map   Home All Stories Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Photos Interview TASNIM NEWS .com   All Content by Tasnim News Agency is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us YEAR IN REVIEW 2016 National World Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos SpiceJet inks deal with Boeing for up to 205 jets ANI 13 January 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share New Delhi [India], Jan. 13 (ANI): SpiceJet announced a deal for the purchase of up to 205 airplanes on Friday here. SpiceJet enhanced its existing order of 55 aircraft with additional 100 firm B737-8 MAX and 50 purchase rights for B737-8 MAX and wide-body aircraft. With this, the total order of 205 aircraft is valued at $22 billion (Rs 1,50,000 crore) at list price. SpiceJet had placed its first order with Boeing in 2005 for Next-Generation B737s and currently operates 32 Next-Generation B737s in its fleet and 17 Bombardier Q400s. "Our turnaround story has been one which has very few parallels in the world today and we are proud of it. SpiceJet has achieved seven consecutive quarters of profit, highest on-time performance and lowest cancellation rates. Also, a record load factor of over 90% every month for 20 months in a row," Ajay Singh, Chairman and Managing Director, SpiceJet, said. "The Boeing 737 class of aircraft has been the backbone of our fleet since SpiceJet began, with its high reliability, low operation economies and comfort. With the next generation of B737 and the B737 MAX, we are sure that we can be competitive and grow profitably," Singh added. "We are honoured to build upon more than a decade of partnership with SpiceJet with their commitment of up to 205 airplanes," said Ray Conner, Vice Chairman, The Boeing Company. "The economics of the 737 MAXs will allow SpiceJet to profitably open new markets, expand connectively within India and beyond, and offer their customers a superior passenger experience," he added. The B737 MAX incorporates the latest technology CFM International LEAP-1B engines, Advanced Technology winglets and other improvements to deliver efficiency, reliability and passenger comfort in the single-aisle market. (ANI) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Kohli, Jadhav set up unbelievable chase for India AFP 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Meet U.P. 2017 poll candidate, 'Fakkad Baba', who has predicted his victory Ani Filmfare Awards 2017: Aamir bags Best Actor, Alia wins Best Actress India Today A tribute to Indian Army Ani Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Newbie Mom Shweta Tiwari Shares The First Picture Of Her Adorable Baby Boy Bollywoodshaadis.com BEST DRESSED & WORST DRESSED At The Filmfare Awards 2017: Sonam, Alia, Jacqueline, Sonakshi Or Parineeti? Spotboye 2017 Saturn Transit in Sagittarius - Know How This Major Transit Will Affect You Astroyogi A Jaw-Dropping 18-Month 0% APR Card Is Here NextAdvisorSponsored Encounter between security forces, terrorists underway Ani Harbhajan and Geeta celebrate their daughter Hinaya Heer's 1st Lohri with this adorable selfie! PinkVilla.com 'One China' policy is 'non-negotiable': China tells Donald Trump Catch News Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored The only four exercises you'll ever need to shape up Yahoo Style UK Six dead, 10 injured in Gangasagar mela stampede Ani Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
All news     World     Politics     Society     Economy     Finance     Insurance      All projects All news World Politics Society Economy Finance Insurance Markets Technologies Culture Sport Important Currency rates Tenders Jobs in Uzbekistan Rasprodaja.Uz MnogoRabot Register  /  Enter Close Login Login Password Retrieve password Register Mobile reporter       RU  EN  UZ   News   News Feed World Politics Society Economy Finance Insurance Markets Technologies Culture Sport Economy     Foreign economic relations ministry receives head of EU delegation 13.01.2017 17:09:13 • "UzReport" The Ministry for Foreign Economic Relations, Investment and Trade held talks with Eduards Stiprais, head of EU delegation to Uzbekistan, on January 12. The meeting focused on trade, economic, investment, and financial cooperation and aimed to arrange February meetings of the Uzbekistan-EU Cooperation Committee and Economy, Trade and Investment Subcommittee.  Subscribe to UzReport.uz in Telegram, to be the first to know about the main news and important events of the day.   Поделиться Твитнуть <<< Go back   Other news   National stand of Uzbekistan to be presented at FITUR-2017   13.01.2017 12:24:24 • "UzReport"This is the first and major Tourism event of 2017. Last year some 9,500 organizations, firms and associations of the tourism industry from 165 countries attended the Fair. 125 thousand specialists and 97 thousand visitors took part in it.   Tourism Committee meets hoteliers   12.01.2017 18:27:51 • "UzReport"Tashkent City and Tashkent and Sirdarya regions' hoteliers and public officials attended a round-table at Hotel Uzbekistan conference hall on January 10.   National air company O'zbekiston havo yo'llari to receive four more Boeing Dreamliners   10.01.2017 16:35:53 • "UzReport"NAC "O'zbekiston havo yo'llari" will receive four more airplanes of the new generation Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner. The new contract with "Boeing" corporation was signed within the framework of modernization and unification of air park. The press service of the air company informs that the delivery of aircrafts is expected in 2019-2020.   Tourism Committee Head receives Korean Ambassador   09.01.2017 16:46:52 • "UzReport"Head of the State Tourism Development Committee, Anvar Sharapov, met Korea's Ambassador Kwon Yong Woo and Minister-Counsellor Choi Jong-Ho.   Karshi-Dekhkanabad 90 km railway section electrified   09.01.2017 15:20:53 • "UzReport"As technological development necessitated transportation development, Uzbekistan electrified 1700 kilometres of its railway network, putting into operation 500 kilometres in 2016 alone.   Popular news for today Society "UZREPORT TV" newscasts now available on TV "Vodiy Sadosi" Economy "Uzbek-Korean forum" to be held in Tashkent Politics Changes made to some legislative acts due to conversion of the Uzbek Agency for Communication and Information Economy Uzbekistan and South Korea to expand cooperation in management of water resources Sport UZREPORT TV acquires rights to broadcast Spanish LaLiga Finance Total assets of the People's Bank of Uzbekistan reached 2.8 trillion soums Sport WC-2014: Brazil through as Chile pay the penalty Copyright © 1999 — 2017, Uzbekistan news - UzReport.uz Certificate of registration N 0605, given by Press and Information Agency of Uzbekistan from 14.12.2009. About the Agency Our Services We invite to work Use of material Access to restricted content Terms of use Advertisement Contacts Mobile reporter
Submit Main menu Home Politics Security Miscellaneous Economy Law Education & Culture Sports Entertainment Regional International Audio Audio Home International SpiceJet to buy 100 new Boeing planes, eyes India expansion Mon 16 Jan 2017 | 05:00 SpiceJet to buy 100 new Boeing planes, eyes India expansion Fri 13 Jan 2017 at 12:39 NNA - Indian budget carrier SpiceJet said on Friday it had agreed to buy 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, as part of its expansion plans in the world's fastest growing aviation market. The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the U.S. company's only major customer among the budget carriers now dominating the country's air industry. "As part of this transaction they (Boeing) have not only been kind enough to give us good commercial terms but have worked hard to reduce the maintenance cost of the fleet going forward," Ajay Singh, SpiceJet's chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi.--REUTERS =================R.H. Agenda Monday, January 16, 2017 Sunday, January 15, 2017 Saturday, January 14, 2017 Latest Photos طلال المرعبي اجتماع التيار Know Lebanon Most prominent events of 2016: Election of ... Reports and Hot Files Will Lebanon follow Morocco's renewable... Beirut festival for restaurants to be launc... Merchants seek president election to boost ... Unremitting official, banking efforts to sp... Home Audio Bulletin Contact Us National News Agency - Ministry of Information Lebanese Republic All Rights Reserved 2017 - Website By Sync facebook twitter rss
Close India's low-cost airline to buy up to 205 new Boeing planes - Brownsville Herald: Business Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 76° Clear Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest This day in Brownsville's history On Jan. 15, 1930, the top stories in The Brownsville Herald included: Posted: January 15 rss Texas News The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Police: Dallas woman arrested after fatally running over man What to Watch: Abortion case; draft budget; Trump protest Prosecutor: Man posed as model, got nude photos of teen More freezing rain, temperatures expected for central US The Latest: Lewis leads Pats over Texans 34-16 in playoffs Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Austrian skier Scheyer wins downhill; Vonn 13th on return AP Updated ALTENMARKT-ZAUCHENSEE, Austria (AP) — Racing for the first time in 322 days, Lindsey Vonn had to settle for 13th place Sunday in an unusual women's World Cup downhill with an unexpected winner, Christine Scheyer of Austria. Updated: 10:30 am Sports, Alpine Skiing, Women's Skiing More From The Latest Kristoffersen again edges Hirscher in World Cup slalom duel Valencia tops Espanyol to end winless run in Spanish league Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks Australian Open quotes: Rafael Nadal says no plans to retire Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Community Calendar Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Business India's low-cost airline to buy up to 205 new Boeing planes Story Comments Image (2) Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Ted S. Warren India's low-cost airline to buy up to 205 new Boeing planes FILE - In this Dec. 8, 2015, the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash. is shown parked before an employee-only rollout event. India's low-cost airline Spicejet plans to buy up to 205 next-generation Boeing planes worth $22 billion in a major deal to expand its domestic and international operations. A joint statement by the two companies Friday, Jan. 13, 2017, said the planes booked at the end of 2016 include 100 new Boeing 737 MAX 8s, 42 MAXs, 13 additional 737 MAXs as well as purchase rights for 50 additional planes. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) Ted S. Warren India's low-cost airline to buy up to 205 new Boeing planes FILE - In this Dec. 8, 2015, the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash. is shown parked before an employee-only rollout event. India's low-cost airline Spicejet plans to buy up to 205 next-generation Boeing planes worth $22 billion in a major deal to expand its domestic and international operations. A joint statement by the two companies Friday, Jan. 13, 2017, said the planes booked at the end of 2016 include 100 new Boeing 737 MAX 8s, 42 MAXs, 13 additional 737 MAXs as well as purchase rights for 50 additional planes. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) Posted: Friday, January 13, 2017 5:55 am | Updated: 6:15 am, Fri Jan 13, 2017. India's low-cost airline to buy up to 205 new Boeing planes Associated Press | NEW DELHI (AP) — India's low-cost airline Spicejet plans to buy up to 205 next-generation Boeing planes worth $22 billion in a major deal to expand its domestic and international operations. A joint statement by the two companies Friday said the planes booked at the end of 2016 include 100 new Boeing 737 MAX 8s, 42 MAXs, 13 additional 737 MAXs as well as purchase rights for 50 additional planes. SpiceJet is India's fourth-largest airline by number of passengers carried with a market share of 12.9 percent. It flies more than 300 daily flights to 41 Indian and international destinations. "The Boeing 737 class of aircraft has been the backbone of our fleet since SpiceJet began (in 2005), with its high reliability, low operation economies and comfort," said Ajay Singh, Spicejet chairman and managing director. Ray Conner, a top Boeing official, said the economics of the 737 MAXs would allow SpiceJet to profitably open new markets, expand connectively within India and beyond. India's booming economy and growing middle class have helped to make it the world's fastest-growing air travel market. The number of passengers grew 20 percent last year, and airlines are announcing flights to new destinations in the country almost every week. Domestic air passengers are expected to jump from the current 70 million to 300 million by 2022, and to 500 million by 2027. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business The Latest: Pence says Congress has right to investigate ARTICLE: China again rejects Trump's suggestion to negotiate Taiwan What to Watch: Abortion case; draft budget; Trump protest ARTICLE: What to Watch: Abortion case; draft budget; Trump protest Davos forum chief: 'It's important to listen' to populists More about General News ARTICLE: The Latest: 7 bodies of migrants found near Spain, off coast The Latest: Pence says Congress has right to investigate Crisis warnings sound as EU gears up for new migrant wave Crisis warnings sound as EU gears up for new migrant wave Crisis warnings sound as EU gears up for new migrant wave More about Transportation And Shipping Serbia warns intervention in Kosovo amid Balkan train row Tensions flare as Serb nationalist train halts at border Tensions flare as Serb nationalist train halts at border Tensions flare as Serb nationalist train halts at border Tensions flare as Serb nationalist train halts at border Discuss Print Posted in Business on Friday, January 13, 2017 5:55 am. Updated: 6:15 am. | Tags: Business, General News, Transportation And Shipping, Industrial Products And Services, Ownership Changes, Corporate News | Location Tags: India, South Asia, Asia Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Online Features Real Estate Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Beyond the front door: The benefits o... Brandpoint (BPT) New neutrals dominate the color trend... Brandpoint (BPT) Bathroom renovations even the pickies... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 tips to help keep your home warm, c... Brandpoint (BPT) DIY projects to increase the resale v... Brandpoint (BPT) How to get the most out of your lawn ... Brandpoint (BPT) 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes 26 Ft Storage Boxes $1,500. Rear Roll-Up Door, Several In-Stock $1,500 Updated: 5:00 am BRAND NEW APARTMENTS FOR RENT IN EDINBURG Updated: 5:00 am Great Office Suites $300 & up. All Utilities/ Janitorial / $300 Updated: 5:00 am More Homes Cars Scooter Tryke 2010 Honda 110 Scooter w/ tryke kit, Very $1,700 Updated: 5:00 am 2005 Class C Winnebago Minnie/Winnie RV, 2 pullouts, 29.5', 47K $36 Updated: 5:00 am 2007 Honda VTX 1300, pearl white, new tires, new battery $3,800 Updated: 5:00 am More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Friends2Follow Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Beyond the front door: The benefits o... Brandpoint (BPT) New neutrals dominate the color trend... Brandpoint (BPT) Bathroom renovations even the pickies... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 tips to help keep your home warm, c... Brandpoint (BPT) DIY projects to increase the resale v... Brandpoint (BPT) How to get the most out of your lawn ... Brandpoint (BPT) 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
Monday 16 Jan 2017 / Tehran - 06:30 / GMT - 03:00 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Economy Fri Jan 13, 2017 2:58 Minister: Iran to Receive 20 New Passenger Planes Soon Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Road and Urban Development Minister Abbas Akhoundi announced that the country's airlines will receive 20 new passenger planes in the near future. "The contract to purchase 20 new planes from French-Italian Company 'ATR' is to be signed in near future," Akhoundi said. He noted that as per contracts signed between Iran and the world's big plane manufacturers, Iran Air will receive 200 new planes 100 of which will be purchased from Airbus and 80 from Boeing with another contract to be signed soon for 20 planes from ATR Company. The first Airbus 'A321' landed at Tehran Mehrabad Airport on Thursday afternoon and joined Iranian air fleet. The aircraft was officially delivered to Iran Air by Airbus in a ceremony held in Toulouse. Airbus Chief Executive Fabrice Bregier announced that with the delivery of the aircraft, cooperation between Iran Air and Airbus officially started, and said, "We hope with delivery of the aircraft, expansion of economic cooperation with Iran will continue more rapidly." Iran Air officials say the plane will be used for domestic flights. Iranian Deputy Transportation Minister Asqar Fakhrieh Kashan announced late last month that Airbus and the ATR companies will deliver 8 new passenger planes to Iran Air by the end of this year. "Based on the contract signed with Airbus, the company will deliver one A320 and two long-range A330 planes to Iran Air by the end of this (Iranian) year (ending on March 20)," Fakhrieh Kashan said. "Iran Air will receive 8 new Airbus and ATR planes by the end of this year," he added. Airbus sealed a contract with Iran Air in December to sell 100 of its passenger planes, worth over $18 billion. The announcement came after Iran Air Managing Director Farhad Parvaresh and Airbus President Fabrice Bregier finalized a deal which was initially signed in Paris back in January 2016. The agreement covered 46 Airbus A320 planes, 38 A330 planes and 16 A350 XWB aircraft, with deliveries due to begin in early 2017. Airbus is the world’s Number 2 jet maker after Boeing, a US-based multinational plane manufacturer. Bregier described the deal as “a significant first step in the overall modernization of Iran’s commercial aviation sector,” saying it also includes pilot training, airport operations and air traffic management. Parvaresh, for his part, expressed delight at cooperation with Airbus, stressing it has paved the way “for more practical steps to follow for Iran Air’s fleet renewal.” "Iran Air considers this agreement an important step towards a stronger international presence in civil aviation. We hope this success signals to the world that the commercial goals of Iran and its counterparts are better achieved with international cooperation and collaboration,” he added. The deal with Airbus received the go-ahead from the US Treasury Department in November. Early in December, Iran Air finalized a deal for 80 jetliners from US plane maker Boeing Co., with the planes scheduled to start arriving in 2018. The deals were made possible after the US removed a ban on selling Iran passenger aircraft and spare parts following the nuclear deal, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). Tehran and the six world powers (the US, Russia, China, France, Britain and Germany) hammered out the nuclear accord in July 2015. It went into effect in January 2016 and resolved a long-running dispute over Iran’s peaceful nuclear program.         Related News Airbus Officially Delivers 1st A321 to Iran Air  Iran Receives 1st Airbus 321 Passenger Plane  Japan's Mitsubishi Emerging as New Rival for Boeing, Airbus in Iran's Aviation Industry  Suspicious Object in Iran's Boeing 737 Plane Delays Tehran-Mashhad Flight  Minister: Iran Needs over 500 Airplanes in Ten Years  Boeing to Fix “Dollar Issue” for Iran Plane Deals  Iran, Italy Building Small Planes  Boeing Offers 3 Plane Models to Iran  Iran Invites Boeing for Business Talks  Iran Unveils PK2 Escort Plane  Iranian Official: Drone-Building Industry Indigenized  LATEST STORIES (8) Bahrain: Protests Erupt after 3 Shiite Men Executed Syrian Army Repels ISIL's Massive Attack on Gov't Positions in Deir Ezzur City Week of Protests Kicks off with Rallies in DC, Chicago, California Libyan National Army's Fight against ISIL in Benghazi Syria: Buses Arrive to Evacuate Civilians and Militants from Wadi Bardi Syria: Aleppo's Famous Bazaar Reopens after Two Years of Closure Iranians Pay Tribute to Late Ayatollah Hashemi Rafsanjani Bahrainis Simmering with Anger over Death Verdicts A Timeless American Tradition: Trump, Syria, and Giving in to Flinching Senior MP Renews Iran's Support for Political Solution to Iraq's Problems Iranian Speaker's Advisor Blasts Bahraini Regime for Executing Youth France Warns US about Serious Consequences over Embassy Relocation Senior Taliban Commander among 21 Killed in Security Operations across Afghanistan Eastern Ghouta: Syrian Army Tightens Up Grip on Terrorists in Wadi Al-Bardi, Recaptures Key Height Local Germans Want US Tanks to 'Get Out' Bahrain: Protests Erupt after 3 Shiite Men Executed TEHRAN (FNA)- Clashes erupted between police and protesters in Sanabis, Sunday, after news broke that Bahrain had executed three anti-regime activists who were convicted over their alleged role in a 2014 bomb attack. Family members of the executed men could be seen comforting each other following the news. [VIDEO] Syrian Army Repels ISIL's Massive Attack on Gov't Positions in Deir Ezzur City TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army repelled ISIL's large-scale attack on government forces' military positions in Deir Ezzur and the city's airport. [VIDEO] Week of Protests Kicks off with Rallies in DC, Chicago, California TEHRAN (FNA)- A week of protests against US President-elect Donald Trump kicked off January 14 with a march of thousands in Washington DC and gatherings in Chicago, Los Angeles and elsewhere around the country, as activists denounced Trump's anti-immigrant rhetoric and promises to ramp up deportations and end government health programs. [PHOTOS] Libyan National Army's Fight against ISIL in Benghazi TEHRAN (FNA)- The Libyan National Army battled against ISIL terrorists in the country's second city of Benghazi. [PHOTOS] Syria: Buses Arrive to Evacuate Civilians and Militants from Wadi Bardi TEHRAN (FNA)- Buses are preparing to evacuate civilians and militants from the town of Ain al-Fijah in the Wadi Bardi valley, after a deal was reached between Syrian government forces and the militants to repair water supply infrastructure in Wadi Bardi. [VIDEO] Syria: Aleppo's Famous Bazaar Reopens after Two Years of Closure TEHRAN (FNA)- Aleppo’s main shopping area is swarmed with customers as it reopened for the first time in two years. Shop keepers displayed their goods and fixed shop entrances, while families walked between the different shops. [VIDEO] Iranians Pay Tribute to Late Ayatollah Hashemi Rafsanjani TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian officials alongside hundreds of people paid tribute to the deceased Chairman of Iranian Expediency Council, Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, on the seventh day after his demise at the Mausoleum of Imam Khomeini, in Tehran on Sunday. [PHOTOS] Bahrainis Simmering with Anger over Death Verdicts TEHRAN (FNA)- Bahrain executed three anti-regime Shiite activists over their alleged role in a 2014 bomb attack, sparking protests in the country. [PHOTOS] A Timeless American Tradition: Trump, Syria, and Giving in to Flinching TEHRAN (FNA)- Sanctions continue to be one of those traditional tools US officials use as a shortcut to thinking. The less there is to justify a traditional custom, the harder it is to get rid of it. Senior MP Renews Iran's Support for Political Solution to Iraq's Problems TEHRAN (FNA)- Head of the Iranian Parliament's National Security and Foreign Policy Commission Alaeddin Boroujerdi renewed Tehran's support for a political solution to Iraq's dilemmas. Iranian Speaker's Advisor Blasts Bahraini Regime for Executing Youth TEHRAN (FNA)- Senior Advisor to the Iranian Parliament Speaker Hossein Amir Abdollahian blasted the Manama regime for issuing death sentence for three Bahraini political prisoners, calling on the Bahraini regime to avoid relying on alien countries. France Warns US about Serious Consequences over Embassy Relocation TEHRAN (FNA)- French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault warned of “extremely serious consequences” if US President-elect Donald Trump fulfills his election campaign promise to move the US embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to the occupied Jerusalem. Senior Taliban Commander among 21 Killed in Security Operations across Afghanistan TEHRAN (FNA)- A senior commander of the Taliban group was killed along with at least 20 other militants during the counter-terrorism operations in the past 24 hours, Afghanistan's Ministry of Interior said Sunday. Eastern Ghouta: Syrian Army Tightens Up Grip on Terrorists in Wadi Al-Bardi, Recaptures Key Height TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian government forces tightened their noose on Fatah al-Sham (previously known as al-Nusra Front) and managed to retake new regions after terrorists killed an army general who was a member of the reconciliation delegation. Local Germans Want US Tanks to 'Get Out' TEHRAN (FNA)- Local people in German city of Cottbus criticized the transfer of American tanks through their city, calling the move a "provocation" while they demanded an end to the confrontation with Russia. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 2:49pm Mon 16 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox India's low-cost airline to buy up to 205 new Boeing planes 12:05 AM Saturday Jan 14, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print World NEW DELHI (AP) " India's low-cost airline Spicejet plans to buy up to 205 next-generation Boeing planes worth $22 billion in a major deal to expand its domestic and international operations. A joint statement by the two companies Friday said the planes booked at the end of 2016 include 100 new Boeing 737 MAX 8s, 42 MAXs, 13 additional 737 MAXs as well as purchase rights for 50 additional planes. SpiceJet is India's fourth-largest airline by number of passengers carried with a market share of 12.9 percent. It flies more than 300 daily flights to 41 Indian and international destinations. "The Boeing 737 class of aircraft has been the backbone of our fleet since SpiceJet began (in 2005), with its high reliability, low operation economies and comfort," said Ajay Singh, Spicejet chairman and managing director. Ray Conner, a top Boeing official, said the economics of the 737 MAXs would allow SpiceJet to profitably open new markets, expand connectively within India and beyond. India's booming economy and growing middle class have helped to make it the world's fastest-growing air travel market. The number of passengers grew 20 percent last year, and airlines are announcing flights to new destinations in the country almost every week. Domestic air passengers are expected to jump from the current 70 million to 300 million by 2022, and to 500 million by 2027. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Why we should welcome tourists Kiwis are renowned for our hospitality, and it's a character trait we take pride in. Aside… Hawke's Bay Today Injured boys flown to Hawke's Bay Hospital One boy suffered head injuries and second a broken leg in the incidents. Bay of Plenty Times Naked Tauranga theatre awaits arrival of new seats Tauranga's Baycourt Theatre is only days away from losing its reputation as an uncomfortable… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Mercedes-Benz updates its GLA range of SUVs Mercedes-Benz updates its compact luxury SUV range of GLA models, becoming available… Viva Best celebrity beauty looks From Sienna Miller to Emma Stone, our favourite celebrity beauty looks this week True Commercial Positive - with cautionary notes Heads of commercial agencies are generally upbeat about 2017 but... Says Colin Taylor More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 16 Jan 2017 16:00:51 Processing Time: 29ms
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Aerospace/Defense The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Boeing lands $23 billion order from Indian carrier SpiceJet By Gaurav Raghuvanshi Published: Jan 13, 2017 5:47 a.m. ET Share Indian budget carrier will buy up to 205 Boeing 737 Max airliners. Stephen Brashear/Getty Images A Boeing 737 MAX 8 airliner lifts off for its first flight in January 2016. By GauravRaghuvanshi SpiceJet Ltd. plans to buy 100 additional jets from Boeing Co., potentially ordering up to 205 planes as the Indian discount carrier seeks to ride the world’s fastest-growing major market for commercial aviation. Gurgaon-based SpiceJet 500285, +2.75%  placed the order for the 100 additional Boeing 737 Max jets at the end of last year, Boeing BA, +0.34%  said in a statement on Friday. It also identified SpiceJet as a previously unnamed customer for 13 such jets. Earlier, in 2014, SpiceJet and Boeing had announced an order for 42 of the planes. Including options on 50 more 737 Max jets, SpiceJet’s order could total 205 jets, according to the Boeing statement. Boeing didn’t disclose the price of the jets, but at the published list prices, the 205 planes could cost about $23 billion. Customers, however, typically negotiate discounts exceeding 30% with manufacturers on large orders. This is the future of air travel, says KLM's CEO(2:06) Pieter Elbers, CEO of KLM Royal Dutch Airlines, talks to MarketWatch about how digital technologies are changing the landscape of the global airline industry. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com Popular on WSJ.com: Trump’s nominees diverge on Russia, security issues Billionaire George Soros lost nearly $1 billion in weeks after Trump election More from MarketWatch Johnny Depp Sues Business Managers Future Shopping: AR Apps From Gap, Amazon and More Obama Addresses His Legacy in Farewell Speech Quote References 500285 +1.75 +2.75% BA +0.54 +0.34% Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found SpiceJet Ltd. India: Bombay: 500285 ₹65.50 +1.75 (+2.75%) Volume 6.5M Open ₹65.20 High ₹66.55 Low ₹64.55 P/E Ratio 9.62 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 39.3B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $158.83 +0.54 (+0.34%) Volume 2.4M Open $158.74 High $159.58 Low $158.34 P/E Ratio 24.18 Div Yield 3.58 Market Cap 98.0B LatestNews
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Expert View LATEST NEWS Fifteen stocks in focus on Monday, 16 January 2017 View: Advantages of CPSE ETF comes with caveats Nifty will remain quiet today, expect the market to continue consolidation Here is why public sector companies are now darlings of the Street Talking stock: Avoid buying NBCC, Trent and Praj Industries Technical outlook: Nifty will have to breach 8,500 for further rally BSE may set IPO price band at Rs 800-806 per share need2know: Six macro triggers that market would watch today Key indicators suggest emerging markets are heading downwards Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions ET Home›Markets›Expert View 04:05 PM | 13 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,238-9.10 NIFTY 50 8,400-6.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,381-12.0 USD/INR 68.150.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் LIVE BLOG: Look who is moving my market today Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Spicejet intends to assure that many many more Indians get the opportunity to fly: Ajay Singh, SpiceJet By ET Now | Updated: Jan 13, 2017, 04.21 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » SpiceJet | Raymond Conner | Boeing | Ajay Singh "You buy because you get much better pricing when you talk in terms of volumes, not only on the price of the aircraft itself, but also on the maintenance," added Singh. RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve SpiceJet x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ In an interview with ET Now, Ajay Singh, Spicejet, and Raymond Conner, VC, Boeing give their take on the deal between the two companies. Excerpts: Ajay Singh: I think that there is no question that India will grow and it is, as you know, the fastest growing aviation market in the world today. The orders that we have placed today are up to 200 aircraft, 155 are firm and 50 aircraft are purchase rights. We feel that in the next few years with only 2% of Indian flying today there is no reason why we should not see many many more Indians fly in the coming years as the GDP grows and as it becomes more accessible, or within the reach of people to fly. Flying as you know is an aspirational commodity in India. Many more people would like to fly if they could and Spicejet intends to assure that many many more Indians get the opportunity to fly. When you say 200 there were already 55 existing so just for the benefit of viewers clarifying that there are 55 existing, you have added a 100 more and then intention to add yet another 50 is that what you are saying here. Ajay Singh: That is right and so the consolidation… And would you want to share the price at which this is being done right now. Ajay Singh: No, of course not but the consolidated order is going to be up to 205 aircraft and this gives Spicejet the ability to grow without a problem for the foreseeable future. These aircrafts will be delivered between 2018 and 2024, so in the foreseeable future we have the ability to grow, and remember that the 50 purchase rights includes our ability to upgrade the aircraft and also consider conceivably wide-body aircraft in the future. If I were to pick your brains you bring the global perspective to this deal and of course you have to deliver all of this between 2018 to 2024 Mr Singh is obviously bullish on what the demand is going to be in India like how do you see it from I mean you have the choice of being a global insider on these things? Raymond Conner: India is just one of the fastest growing markets that we see in the world today outside of the China market I think India is the second fastest growing market in the world and therefore we want to have a huge presence here. Spicejet has been a great partners of ours for many years, since 2005, and particular with the performance that they have shown over the last couple of years has just been terrific and we really valie the partnership and we want to be a big partner so that is why we are here today. I think actually it is a big thumbs up from getting the airlines from the brink of collapse to where it is today and everybody has been talking about Spicejet, but I must talk to you, this is a daunting order, $22 billion the 150,000crore is what we are essentially talking about of course I am not getting into the details and discounts and things like that how do you plan to fund this obviously this is going to be a mix (16:33) I mean how do you plan to go about it going forward? Ajay Singh: There are bunch of options to fund the order, there is sale and lease pact. There will be some aircraft eventually which will be on our books and there is just a variety of options. We already since some news of the order leaked we already have lots of offers on how to finance these aircraft and we are very confident that the resources that we have within the company and the relationships that we have outside the company will make it relatively easy for us to finance the planes. The question is at what rate doe we get to get to finance the planes and our intention will be to reduce the cost of financing the planes and it is incredibly important for Spicejet that we bring down the cost of our operations and we continue to work on bringing down that cost so that we can remain competitive and grow profitably into the future. While one congratulates you on this mega order both you gentlemen, but one wonders why did you not opt for the lease or the dry lease option. So obviously, I get your point that there is going to be a big demand uptick, but why buy is sort of leasing? Ajay Singh: Well typically you buy because you get much better pricing when you talk in terms of volumes, not only on the price of the aircraft itself, but also on the maintenance. It also gives you a certain sense of, an ability to plan for the future. When you know exactly what aircraft are going to come in what year, you have the ability to plan the induction of the aircraft as well as the maintenance of those planes. The sale structure that you need to put in place, the pilots that you need to hire and so on. We feel that it is incredibly important for us to be able to do that and as I said the most critical element for us is that we should have the ability to keep lowering our unit cost so that we can compete effectively in the Indian market and increasingly in the international market as well and for that you have to place significant sized order of aircraft. Raymond Conner: It does not keep from leasing airplanes if you need them. Is this a trend you are increasingly going to see in a market like India where demand is exploding and more and more people will perhaps opt for purchase rather than lease? Raymond Conner: Well I think that is what you have seen as of late. But there has always been a combination as well, then leasing companies can come in, and do the sale leaseback and effectively then they have airplane on their books which then they are leasing back to the airline and so they do it both ways and I think there always will be a combination of lease and buy as you move through the market and the leasing companies have been doing very well. This is just so happened to be that we went for a big order, a direct buy order, but that still does not mean that at some point there might be a need to have more airplanes come in a sooner timeframe and then you lease those. It gives you a lot more flexibility. So this is not just about the order, this will also entail you hiring people, this will also entail many more costs. When do you see pay back on investment of the kind that you are making now? Ajay Singh: We are getting pay back pretty much as soon as we induct a plane. As you know that of the last 21 months, we have had an occupancy of in excess of 92% in each and every month. The company has been profitable for the last seven quarters and so we do not see really a problem and the demand exists, it is a question of how much we can lower our cost and increase our yield. So we continue to work on that and we feel that with these orders that gives us a greater, much greater ability to save on cost not only because of the cost of maintenance and the cost of the plane but also remember that these planes are far more fuel efficient than the older version and therefore it makes our operation hopefully even more profitable than it is today. So while you are speaking about cost, I have a question that follows up right after because we are seeing crude steadily rise but are you willing to share at this stage your delivery schedule? How many aircrafts will come when between 2018 to 2024 because there is intention to buy 205 but there is concrete order for 155 there? Raymond Conner: We will start in third quarter of 2018 and then we will spread out through that timeframe. So it will have a good number of airplanes in each year so they will able to plan and be able to operate airplanes very effectively. Of course, the 737-8 is the most efficient airplane in the market today. It is 8% better on cost per seat basis than any other competition. So he will have a direct advantage right away. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow READ MORE ON » SpiceJet | Raymond Conner | Boeing | Ajay Singh To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented As its boss moves to Bombay House, investors fret over TCS future Infosys’ guidance remains buoyant: 10 top takeaways from Q3 earnings You ignored them, but these risky stocks jumped over 20% in first 8 sessions of 2017! Top five factors that will chart market direction on D-Street in the coming week 100% jump in 9 sessions of 2017: This stock has all eyes rolling on Dalal Street More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebIncome Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 Sensex, Nifty Live|Income Tax Calculation UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|Demonetisation Gold Rate Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Boeing wins $22bn order from Indian budget carrier | Bangkok Post: business Top sections News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning More BUSINESS Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Business homepage Business news Telecom Finance Tourism & transport Find company & suppliers Exchange rates More World Gold prices IT Auto Property Business > World Boeing wins $22bn order from Indian budget carrier 13 Jan 2017 at 15:31 4,921 viewed2 comments WRITER: BLOOMBERG NEWS A SpiceJet Boeing 737-800 aircraft taxis on the tarmac after landing at Chhatrapati Shivaji international airport in Mumbai on Nov 26, 2012. (Reuters photo) - + NEW DELHI - Boeing Co won an order for 205 planes from SpiceJet Ltd, marking the biggest expansion plan by the Indian budget carrier that is seeking to claw back market share from leader IndiGo. The deal, which includes 100 firm 737 Max 8 jets, builds on an existing order for 55 aircraft, SpiceJet said in a statement on Friday. The airline also has the option to buy 50 more, including widebodies. All combined, the order is worth $22 billion at list prices, the airline said, before discounts that are customary for large orders. The order, the largest ever placed by an Indian airline for Boeing aircraft, signals the resurgence of SpiceJet as it competes against IndiGo, which has some 400-odd aircraft pending delivery from Airbus SE and controls the world's fastest-growing major aviation market with a 42% share. For Boeing, it marks the widening of its footprint in the South Asian country, where its European rival dominates narrow-body fleets. "We spent a considerable amount of time negotiating and finalising the commercial terms, including maintenance of the aircraft," chairman Ajay Singh said in an interview. "It was important for us to get all the commercial terms right." The planes are for delivery between next year and 2024, he told reporters separately in New Delhi. The deal adds to the 348 jetliner sales garnered by the Chicago-based planemaker in India. The purchase commitment comes at a time when both Airbus and Boeing are facing slowing jet sales and the highest level of airplane-delivery deferrals in at least 15 years after a decade-long jetliner shopping spree globally. SpiceJet's order includes a previously unfulfilled and renegotiated deal for 42 jets and an earlier undisclosed order for 13 planes. The airline currently operates a fleet of 32 Boeing 737 jets and 17 Bombardier Q400 turboprops, according to the company. It controls 13% of a market that has seen local carriers almost double to 11 in the past five years. SpiceJet shares have more than tripled since December 2014, when it ran out of cash and grounded its fleet for a day after oil companies refused fuel credit. The stock rose 3.5% to 66.15 rupees as of 12.38pm in Mumbai, giving the airline a market value of 39.7 billion rupees ($582 million). The airline was profitable in each of the past seven quarters and had cash and near-cash items totalling 1.97 billion rupees as of Sept 30, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. "The bigger concern we believe will be with SpiceJet's financial backing and the willingness of banks to fund this growth," Mark D. Martin, founder of Dubai-based Martin Consulting LLC, said by phone. "The bigger concern for aviation in India is on account of the economic slowdown caused by the recent step to demonetize the most popular denominations in use." Add to that the rise in fuel prices, the net effect on the cost of travel will be at least 20%, he said. SpiceJet does not need to dilute any equity to pay for the order, Mr Singh said. The carrier has sufficient resources within the company, and has already received interest from lessors and lenders to finance the deal, he said. SpiceJet will expand its international operations after the new planes with a longer range come in. India, where an emerging middle-class is flying for the first time and passenger traffic is growing at double the pace of nearest rival China, is a crucial market for Boeing and Airbus. In 2015, IndiGo, operated by InterGlobe Aviation Ltd, ordered 250 planes from Airbus valued at $27 billion. That followed a 2006 deal for 100 A320 planes and 180 A320neos in 2011. The South Asian country needs 1,850 new aircraft worth $265 billion in 20 years, with single-aisle planes making up a bulk of the new deliveries, according to Boeing forecasts. Airbus dominates the budget airline market in India, with IndiGo, Go Airlines India Pvt and the local unit of AirAsia Bhd. all flying its jets. TAGS SpiceJet Indigo Boeing RECOMMENDED STORIES Iran signs contract to buy 80 Boeing planes Sugar yield quells ethanol shortage fear FPO mulls big tax cut for hiring seniors Property sellers stress mass transit convenience Heavy push for rice megafarms 100-yen shop competition hotting up Embracing disruption to become disruptive leaders Zero-dollar crackdown hits U-tapao airport New supply forecast to rise Most Viewed 30,497 Airport blacklists 'no meter' ... 29,233 Best- and worst-performing airlines ... 28,492 Thai electric car rolls out 22,584 Pattaya-Hua Hin ferry free ride ... 16,711 Budget tour crackdown hits Lunar ... Recent BUSINESS Articles Gold prices up B50 to B20,150 Database management system planned November passenger traffic sky-high Get full Bangkok Post printed newspaper experience on your digital devices with Bangkok Post e-newspaper. Try it out, it's totally free for 7 days. Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 11 liked & 2 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this FIND COMPANIES & SUPPLIERS Select a location Ang Thong Bangkok Buriram Chachoengsao Chainat Chaiyaphumi Chanthaburi Chiang Mai Chiang Rai Chonburi Chumphon Kalasin Kamphaeng Phet Kanchanaburi Khon Kaen Krabi Lampang Lamphun Lobburi Loei Mae Hong Son Maha Sarakham Mukdahan Nakhon Nayok Nakhon Phanom Nakhon Ratchasima Nakhon Sawan Nakhon Sri Thammarat Nakhonpathom Nan Narathiwat Nong Khai Nongboulumpoo Nonthaburi Pathum Thani Patthani Phang Nga Phatthalung Phayao Phetchaboon Phetchaburi Phichit Phitsanulok Phrae Phranakhon Sri Ayutthaya Phuket Prachinburi Prachuap Khirikhan Ranong Ratburi Rayong Roi Et Sakon Nakhon Sakweao Samutparkan Samutsakhon Samutsongkhram Saraburi Satun Singburi Sisaket Songkhla Sukhothai Suphanburi Suratthanee Surin Tak Trang Trat Ubon Ratcha Thani Udon Thani Uthai Thani Uttaradit Yala Yasothon Select a category Agriculture & Food Airline & Transportation Apparel Associations, Non-profit Organisations & Chambers Electronic & Computer Energy & Petrochemical Financial Service Gem & Ornament Handcraft & Handmade Industrial Legal Service & Consultancy Plastic & Rubber Property & Construction Recruitment Service System And Software Integrators FIND BY PRODUCT OR SERVICE Agriculture & food Apprarel Gem & ornament products Handicraft & handmade Electronic & computer Plastic & rubber More >> Get you business listed >> MOST RECENT 09:36 Gold prices up B50 to B20,150 09:12 Database management system planned 08:44 November passenger traffic sky-high 08:33 Sugar yield quells ethanol shortage fear 08:02 Property sellers stress mass transit convenience 07:36 Guardiola concedes title after heavy loss for Man City 07:35 Heavy push for rice megafarms 07:26 Sevilla end Real Madrid's 40-game unbeaten run 2 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance SpiceJet agrees to buy 100 new planes from Boeing SpiceJet agrees to buy 100 new planes from Boeing Source : Last Updated: Fri, Jan 13, 2017 13:34 hrs Tweet Mail Print NEW DELHI  - Budget carrier SpiceJet said on Friday it had agreed to buy 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, ramping up its fleet as it targets expansion in the world's fastest growing aviation market. SpiceJet said it had signed a deal for buying up to 205 planes from Boeing - worth up to $22 billion at list prices - but the announcement includes 55 jets already announced in a 2014 deal and the possible follow-on order of 50 more. "As part of this transaction have they (Boeing) not only been kind enough to give us good commercial terms but have worked hard to reduce the maintenance cost of the aircraft going forward," Ajay Singh, SpiceJet's chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi. A source told Reuters on Thursday that SpiceJet was set to announce an order for as many as 100 new planes. Singh said the purchase rights include an option to buy wide-body aircraft for long haul journeys as the airline considers launching low-cost flights over long distances. The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the U.S. company's only major customer among the budget carriers now dominating the country's air industry. Indian airlines such as the biggest, InterGlobe Aviation's IndiGo, as well as GoAir and SpiceJet have ordered hundreds of new planes as they rush to win a slice of the boom in demand for air travel. SpiceJet has about 13 percent of the Indian air passenger market, behind market leader IndiGo, Jet Airways and state-run Air India. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 26820.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27170.00 (0.93%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 26900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 26290.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 25850.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26250.00 (0.57%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 26920.00 (0.37%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Press Esc to close Monday 16 January 2017 News updated at 8:02 AM IST Archives Weather Max: 27.6°C Min : 15.5°C In Bengaluru Sunny day  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   ePaper    BSY to meet disgruntled BJP leaders on Jan 19      Kohli lauds Jadhav's 'outstanding' knock      Haggling customers disappoint senior artists      Petrol price up by 42 paisa/litre, diesel by Rs 1.03 a litre      Finmin readying plan to infuse funds in PSBs      Hindustan Coca-Cola to invest Rs 1,000 cr to set up 2 plants      Amazon India to create over 7,500 temporary jobs before sale      Govt work bidders told to share brokerage info      PM saddened over WB stampede deaths, sanctions Rs 2 lakh for deceased      Badals, Amarinder never paid heed to woes of border area: Kejriwal      EC may give order on SP symbol dispute tomorrow      Don't be flippant about Indian symbols, icons: Das to Amazon      Six pilgrims die in rush; WB govt says not stampede      Lok Dal's 'option B' to Mulayam ahead of EC order on 'cycle'      China the 'outlier' on India's NSG membership: US      Encounter breaks out between militants and forces in Anantnag      France wants JeM chief to be declared as intl terrorist by UN      Army man on 'hunger strike', wife also joins in      BSP alone can stop Modi govt by defeating BJP in UP: Mayawati      4-yr-old girl raped, killed in Thane; 3 held      Jawans taking to social media could be punished: Army Chief      44 airports have potential for operations under UDAN: Report      Dalit woman burnt to death in Muzaffarpur      Raids on gas agency of Oil Minister Pradhan's brother      New currency worth Rs 52.5 lakh seized; 3 held      Kohli, Jadhav hit magical centuries to script sensational win      Sidhu joins Congress, likely to contest from Amritsar-East      China hands over 2 ships to Pak Navy for Gwadar security      Indo-US 'strategic convergence' at highest point: Obama admn      1,250 people arrested for drinking liquor in public places in Delhi      FM may lower corporate tax in Budget: Deloitte     Next Story Infosys appoints Ravikumar S as Deputy COO Read more >> You are here: Home » Business » SpiceJet strikes Rs 1.5 L cr deal with Boeing for 205 planes SpiceJet strikes Rs 1.5 L cr deal with Boeing for 205 planes New Delhi, Jan 13, 2017, (PTI) In one of the biggest deals in the Indian aviation sector, SpiceJet will purchase up to 205 new aircraft from Boeing with the order valued at Rs 1,50,000 crore. With the earlier order for 55 planes and additional 100 new 737-8 MAX aircraft, the no-frills carrier now has firmed up order for a total of 155 planes, besides purchase rights for 50 B737-8 MAX and wide body aircraft. Announcing the deal here today, SpiceJet Chairman and Managing Director Ajay Singh said the total order of 205 aircraft is valued at Rs 1,50,000 crore (USD 22 billion). "This is one of the largest deals in Indian aviation and the largest for SpiceJet," Singh said. Currently, the budget carrier has 32 next generation B737s and 17 Bombardier Q400s. "We are honoured to build upon more than a decade of partnership with SpiceJet with their commitment of up to 205 airplanes," Boeing Company Vice Chairman Ray Conner said. According to Singh, SpiceJet would explore different options for financing the deal. Singh said the induction of the new aircraft, which burn 20 per cent less fuel, would help SpiceJet reduce costs and enhance its ability to compete. "This is a composite transaction for purchase of up to 205 aircraft valued at USD 22 billion," Singh said, adding that the focus is on growing the airline in a responsible and profitable manner. After being on the verge of going belly up two years ago, the airline has been in the black for the past seven straight quarters. When asked about financing of the deal and its impact on debt to equity ratio, Singh said there would be no "equity dilution" and the balance sheet would be healthy. In the 2016 July-September quarter, the airline had posted its highest-ever quarterly profit of Rs 59 crore. In the year-ago period, the same stood at Rs 29 crore.   Tweet Go to Top Related Tweets Videos Volkswagen to pay $4.3 billion VW reaches multi-billion dollar U.S. settlement Nasdaq at record high Gildan gets American Apparel VW looking to regain customer trust after emissions scandal VW faces new legal headaches in U.S., UK "Trump tailwind" helps euro zone investor morale Oil down on Iran surge and U.S. production Samsung addresses exploding phones Videos Priyanka Chopra resting after accident on 'Quantico'... House Republicans vote to begin repealing Obamacare... Womens group out to reclaim nights Devotees take holy dip on Makar Sankranti... Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.Worse is yet to come: Manmohan on demonetisation 2.Row over KVIC calendar & diary: PMO says it is unnecessary 3.Modi's crackdown on civil society 4.Worst is yet to come, says Manmohan 5.2 months after note ban, Mamata wants Prez to intervene, Manmohan also cautions 1.Revolutionising cancer treatment 2.Eat hot chili peppers for a longer life! 3.Boy or girl? Mother's BP may predict sex of baby! 4.Fenugreek for fitness 5.20 minutes of walking may reduce inflammation in body: study 1. Karan Johar says friendship with Kajol ended over a tweet 2. 4-yr-old girl raped, killed in Thane; 3 held 3. Plane makes emergency landing after fisticuffs fly at 30,000ft 4. Boy or girl? Mother's BP may predict sex of baby! 5. Slain lawyer wasn't woman's lover, claims his cousin Photo Gallery Art lovers thronging Chitra Santhe organised by Karnataka Chitrakala Parishat on Kumara Krupa... Large number of art lovers visiting the 14th annual art fair 'Chitra Sante' organized... A large number of tourists throng Mysuru Palace as weekend holidays and Mysuru Zoo remain closed... People walk on a snow covered road following heavy snowfall at Kandi Area in Budhal, Rajouri... Students make a rangoli to aware people on voting in Moradabad on Sunday... ABVP activists run with the Tricolours at an event ahead of Republic Day on the outskirts ... Army Chief Gen Bipin Rawat inspecting the guard of honour during the Army Day parade in New Delhi... People take part in marathon on the Bandra-Worli Sea Link, in Mumbai... People are participated in Kite Festival organised by Rotary Bangalore Lakeside at HSR Layout... A man with his decorated camel during the 24th International Camel Festival, in Bikaner... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2014, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business selected Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Business selected Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Business Business SpiceJet in deal to buy 205 Boeing planes 13 January 2017 From the section Business Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-38606858 Read more about sharing. Close share panel Image copyright Getty Images Indian airline SpiceJet has agreed to buy up to 205 new planes from Boeing - potentially worth $22bn (£18bn). The deal includes a firm order for 100 new planes, 55 from a earlier contract and the right to buy a further 50 jets. SpiceJet is India's fourth largest airline, though its future looked in doubt in late 2014 after planes were grounded due to unpaid fuel bills. India is set to be the world's third biggest aviation market by 2020 making it vital for both Boeing and Airbus. The number of people flying domestic routes rose by 21% in 2016. This growth in passenger numbers, along with lower fuel prices, has helped several of the country's main carriers to make a profit. Boeing said the first of the Max 737 planes would be delivered to SpiceJet in 2018. "This is the largest deal for SpiceJet, it's one of the largest in Indian aviation and is the largest for Boeing in India," said SpiceJet's chairman Ajay Singh. "We are now in a very good position to expand our network and operations, which includes both domestic and international routes and destinations." Related Topics Aerospace Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn Top Stories Trump: UK doing great after Brexit vote The US president-elect promises a quick trade deal with the UK after he takes office in five days' time. 16 January 2017 Tunisia attack deaths inquest to open 16 January 2017 Pound falls ahead of May Brexit speech 16 January 2017 Features Lemon-aid Using fruit to explain how breast cancer looks and feels Coding pioneer Joyce Wheeler looks back on using one of the first computers Toxic air The city where you can't escape smog, even inside your home Entertainment week in pictures From the Golden Globes to the Rovers Return Public porn What do you do when someone is watching porn on the bus? Blind man's fog How snow hinders sightless people but rain helps Guccifer 2.0 & me Conversations with the notorious hacker targeted by America 'Victims of their time' The Victorian children held behind bars A walk through Aleppo Jeremy Bowen shares his images from a city in ruins News navigation Business Sections Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business selected Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.

Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site India's SpiceJet to buy Boeing planes worth US$22b News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business India's SpiceJet to buy Boeing planes worth US$22b Indian airline SpiceJet said on Friday it had agreed to buy up to 205 Boeing planes worth $22 billion in what it said was one of the largest aviation deals ever in India. Posted 13 Jan 2017 15:36 Updated 13 Jan 2017 15:37 SpiceJet agrees to buy up to 205 Boeing planes worth $22 billion in what is said to be one the largest aviation deals in India AFP/RAVEENDRAN Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW DELHI: Indian airline SpiceJet said on Friday (Jan 13) it had agreed to buy up to 205 Boeing planes worth US$22 billion in what it said was one of the largest aviation deals ever in India. SpiceJet Chairman Ajay Singh said the low-cost airline, which has a 13 per cent share of the Indian market, was expanding both its domestic and international operations. "This is the largest deal for SpiceJet, it's one of the largest in Indian aviation and is the largest for Boeing in India," he told journalists as he announced the deal. "We are now in a very good position to expand our network and operations, which includes both domestic and international routes and destinations." The deal marks a major turnaround for SpiceJet, whose planes were briefly grounded in 2014 after suppliers refused to refuel them due to unpaid bills. Analysts say the Indian airline sector has been boosted since then by lower fuel prices and a rise in consumer demand, with domestic traffic up 21 per cent last year. "The airline has done really well from being almost on the brink of closure to nearly seven quarters of profit," said industry analyst Kapil Kaul. "The new aircraft order is on expected lines and gives them long-term direction. A positive and long-term story is likely to emerge with this order." SpiceJet, whose market share is only lower than Indigo, Jet Airways and Air India, is the only Indian low-cost carrier with a Boeing fleet. "We are honoured to be the partner of SpiceJet and to be in India in a big way and this is a demonstration of our commitment to our partners and to India," said Raymond Conner, vice chairman of Boeing. - AFP Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai SpiceJet plots expansion with order for 100 new Boeing planes By Aditi Shah and Tommy Wilkes ReutersJanuary 13, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share FILE PHOTO: A SpiceJet Boeing 737-800 aircraft taxis on the tarmac after landing at Chhatrapati Shivaji international airport in Mumbai November 26, 2012. REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui/File PhotoMore By Aditi Shah and Tommy Wilkes NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Indian budget airline SpiceJet said on Friday it has agreed to acquire 100 new MAX 737 aircraft from Boeing, with an option for 50 more, as part of its expansion plans in the world's fastest growing aviation market. The deal is a welcome boost for Boeing in India, where SpiceJet is the U.S. company's only major customer among the budget carriers now dominating the country's air industry. "This is an extremely competitive market," Ajay Singh, SpiceJet's chairman, told a news conference in New Delhi. "What this aircraft order does is enhance our ability to be competitive in the future as it helps us reduce costs," said Singh, whose airline has about 13 percent of the Indian passenger market, while market leader IndiGo has 40 percent. SpiceJet, which was briefly forced to ground its fleet in late 2014 when it ran out of cash, is the fourth-largest Indian airline behind InterGlobe Aviation's IndiGo, Jet Airways and state-run Air India [AIRID.UL]. Asia, especially India, is a key market for planemakers, with analysts expecting Indian passenger numbers to more than triple over the next 20 years as millions more people become wealthy enough to fly for the first time. Combined, local airlines like IndiGo, as well as GoAir, have already ordered hundreds of new planes from Airbus. Meanwhile Boeing estimates India will need 1,850 new aircraft worth $265 billion by 2036 to meet demand for air travel. SpiceJet said altogether it has signed a deal to acquire up to 205 planes from Boeing, worth up to $22 billion at list prices, but that total includes 55 jets already announced in a 2014 deal and the possible follow-on order of 50 more. A source familiar with the deal had said on Thursday that SpiceJet was set to announce an order for as many as 100 new planes. Boeing had already reported an order for 100 737 MAX jets from an unidentified customer that counted as part of its 2016 tally, and on Friday confirmed that order to be SpiceJet's. Shares in SpiceJet rose as much as 3 percent on Friday. LOW-COST LONG HAUL? SpiceJet, which has a current fleet of more than 40 planes, will take delivery of the first of its new jets in the third quarter of 2018, Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president of Asia Pacific & India Sales at Boeing, told reporters. The carrier is expected to have secured a hefty discount from the aircraft list prices, as is common with large orders. "As part of this transaction they (Boeing) have not only been kind enough to give us good commercial terms but have worked hard to reduce the maintenance cost of the fleet going forward," said Singh. He said he was weighing up various options for financing the new purchase, including sale and leaseback, but he ruled out issuing more debt or raising equity to pay for the planes. The new aircraft increases the range of SpiceJet's flights by up to one hour, opening up many more destinations, including international ones, Singh told reporters. He said the additional acquisition rights also include an option to buy wide-body aircraft for long haul journeys as the airline considers launching low-cost long distance flights. Most Indian carriers have returned to profitability in recent years, thanks in part to lower fuel costs, but challenges remain as carriers struggle to translate surging demand into sustainable profits because of cut-throat competition and high running costs. (Reporting by Aditi Shah; Writing by Tommy Wilkes; Editing by Randy Fabi, Greg Mahlich) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Woman Abducted as a Baby Tearfully Pleads for Jailed Woman Who Raised Her 1618 messages5%57%38% 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Congress Members Join John Lewis in Boycott of Trump's Inauguration 64 messages9%53%38% Obama on Trump: ‘Don’t underestimate the guy, because he’s going to be 45th president of the United States’ 1279 messages6%68%26% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 861 messages5%56%39% Avoid The Gym At All Costs , Just Drink This thebenefitsofapplecidervinegarSponsored Protesters Take to the Streets Across the Country 15 messages11%65%24% Man Who Shot Wife Claimed She Killed Herself Over Body Image Issues 116 messages4%64%32% Did Packers get away with holding on Aaron Rodgers' game-saving throw? 226 messages4%78%18% Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Aaron Rodgers has more magic, as Packers pull out a dramatic win over Cowboys 726 messages9%72%19% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 884 messages9%12%79% Heartbreaking and Joyful Reunion for 18-Year-Old Kamiyah 3 messages0%67%33% Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored Seldom-called penalty is very costly for Cowboys in first-quarter drive 314 messages5%69%26% ‘Hidden Figures’ Prevails as ‘Monster Trucks,’ Ben Affleck’s ‘Live by Night’ Bomb at Box Office 1512 messages6%68%26% Amid Controversy Caitlyn Jenner Gets a 24-Karat-Gold Facial Ahead of Inauguration Eddy: Catlin strongly resembles that Olympian Bruce Jenner! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.8k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Earnings preview: RIL's Q3 inventory gains may surprise investors N Chandrasekaran will give Tatas more bang for buck Fifteen stocks in focus on Monday, 16 January 2017 View: Advantages of CPSE ETF comes with caveats Nifty will remain quiet today, expect the market to continue consolidation Here is why public sector companies are now darlings of the Street Talking stock: Avoid buying NBCC, Trent and Praj Industries Technical outlook: Nifty will have to breach 8,500 for further rally BSE may set IPO price band at Rs 800-806 per share Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 04:05 PM | 13 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,238-9.10 NIFTY 50 8,400-6.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,381-12.0 USD/INR 68.150.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் LIVE BLOG: Look who is moving my market today Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW SpiceJet climbs 4% as carrier signs $22 billion deal for 205 Boeing planes By ETMarkets.com | Updated: Jan 13, 2017, 12.34 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » SpiceJet | Jet Airways | Boeing | Airbus RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve SpiceJet x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Jet Airways x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ NEW DELHI: Shares of SpiceJet surged over 4 per cent in Friday’s trade amid reports that the company has sealed an whopping $22 billion order for up to 205 Boeing 737 Max planes. The 737 Max is the fourth generation of the 737 family with the primary change being the use of larger and more efficient CFM International Leap-1B engines, split-tip winglets and some modifications to the airframe. As of December 31, 2016, Boeing has more than 3,500 orders for the 737 Max series, said a report in the Economic Times. Following the announcement, the stock rose 4.07 per cent to hit a high of Rs 66.50 on BSE. India is the world's fastest growing aviation market and among the most attractive for plane makers seeking a new wave of growth. The number of Indian passengers is increasing by more than 20 per cent annually, thanks to low prices and rising disposable income. SpiceJet had previously ordered 42 of these planes while Jet Airways ordered 75, the ET reported. An agreement with the Gurgaon-based low-fare carrier, which has a fleet of 40 planes, will provide a boost to Boeing in India as its rival Airbus has orders for about 430 aircraft from IndiGo and 144 from GoAir. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow READ MORE ON » SpiceJet | Jet Airways | Boeing | Airbus To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented As its boss moves to Bombay House, investors fret over TCS future Infosys’ guidance remains buoyant: 10 top takeaways from Q3 earnings You ignored them, but these risky stocks jumped over 20% in first 8 sessions of 2017! Top five factors that will chart market direction on D-Street in the coming week 100% jump in 9 sessions of 2017: This stock has all eyes rolling on Dalal Street More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebIncome Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 Sensex, Nifty Live|Income Tax Calculation UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|Demonetisation Gold Rate Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Boeing Loosens Airbus’s India Grip With $22 Billion SpiceJet Win by Anurag Kotoky @anuragkotoky More stories by Anurag Kotoky and Kyunghee Park @mangogemini More stories by Kyunghee Park January 13, 2017, 1:40 AM EST January 13, 2017, 10:53 AM EST Budget carrier orders up to 205 planes, including 100 Max 8s Indian aviation market is growing at twice the pace of China’s Boeing Co. won a $22 billion deal from budget carrier SpiceJet Ltd., notching the planemaker’s largest-ever order from an Indian airline and strengthening its hold in a market dominated by Europe’s Airbus Group SE. The order includes 100 of Boeing’s 737 Max single-aisle jets and renegotiated terms for 55 previously ordered aircraft, SpiceJet said in a statement Friday. The airline also has options to purchase another 50 Boeing aircraft, including the 777 and 787 Dreamliner wide-bodies. The commitment, which was included in Boeing’s 2016 order tally, comes as the Chicago-based planemaker races to catch Airbus in narrow-body sales, the largest source of profit for the companies. The deal for the Max, which competes with Airbus’s A320neo workhorse, also helps Boeing widen its footprint in the fast-growing South Asian market. Most of SpiceJet’s low-cost rivals fly the European company’s aircraft. “India is an important market both Airbus and Boeing can’t ignore,” said Shukor Yusof, founder of aviation consulting firm Endau Analytics. The SpiceJet order gives Boeing “a lifeline. There’s a lot more to grow in India than other parts of Asia.” Rapidly expanding Indian carriers will need 1,850 new planes valued at $265 billion in 20 years, according to a Boeing forecast. Single-aisle planes will make up the bulk of the new deliveries. The Asia-Pacific region, which is eclipsing North America as the world’s largest aircraft market, will need 15,130 new aircraft valued at $2.3 trillion in the next 20 years, as economic growth boosts middle-class travel, according to Boeing. That represents 38 percent of the global requirement. Extending Reach Friday’s deal adds to the 348 jetliner sales garnered by the U.S. planemaker in India. SpiceJet, which is based in Gurgaon near New Delhi, and AirIndia Express are the only budget carriers to use Boeing aircraft in the country. SpiceJet shares climbed 2.5 percent to 65.50 rupees in Mumbai. Boeing rose less than 1 percent to $159.02 at 9:55 a.m. in New York. The airline placed firm orders for 100 737 Max 8 aircraft, with a cumulative list price of $11 billion, before the discounts that are customary for large customers. Bloomberg News reported on Jan. 6 that the carrier was close to signing a deal for at least 92 planes valued at $10.1 billion and that the total could rise based on negotiations for discounts and service contracts. Ajay Singh on Jan. 13 Photographer: Anindito Mukherjee/Bloomberg “We spent a considerable amount of time negotiating and finalizing the commercial terms, including maintenance of the aircraft,” Chairman Ajay Singh said in an interview. “It was important for us to get all the commercial terms right.” Deliveries will begin in July 2018 and continue through 2024. The carrier and Boeing also discussed a proposed stretch of the largest Max, Singh told reporters. The so-called 10X, Boeing’s response to Airbus’s fast-selling A321neo, would be available in 2020 and seat as many as 230 travelers. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter The order signals a resurgence for SpiceJet after it almost collapsed more than two years ago. The expansion also sets up sharpened competition against IndiGo, operated by   InterGlobe Aviation Ltd., which has about 400 Airbus aircraft awaiting delivery. IndiGo dominates the world’s fastest-growing major aviation market, with a 42 percent share. SpiceJet has 13 percent. A representative for Airbus declined to comment. The world’s two biggest planemakers are vying to serve a crucial market with an emerging middle-class that is flying for the first time and where passenger traffic is growing at twice the pace of nearest rival China. While the growth is prompting India airlines to order planes, they also have to contend with airport infrastructure that hasn’t kept pace. Limited landing and parking slots extend the time circling above airports such as Mumbai during peak hours, wasting fuel. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Team May Move West Wing Briefings to Expand Capacity Trump Slams NATO, Floats Russia Nuke Deal in European Interview Pound Slides at Much as 1.6% as May Reported to Seek Hard Brexit Trump Asks If Outgoing CIA Chief Was Leaker of ‘Fake News’ Trump Team Shunning Davos Meeting of World’s Economic Elite Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Photos Videos Topics Live NZ 91/2 (19) - BAN 160/9 (57.5) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi BCCI Dangal Tej Bahadur Singh Mahendra Singh Dhoni Home Money Spicejet orders 205 Boeing aircraft in $22 billion deal (Reuters) Shares46 DNA Web Team | Fri, 13 Jan 2017-12:35pm , Mumbai , DNA webdesk Boeing will deliver the planes from 2018 to 2014. Low cost carrier SpiceJet has placed an order for 205 aircraft with Boeing, in a $22 billion deal (nearly Rs 1,46,360 crore), the biggest order deal in the airline's history. The order is inclusive of an existing order for 55 aircraft and 100 new ones. SpiceJet will be getting 100 firm B737-8 max, widebody aircraft from Boeing for its fleet. The airline's order includes purchase rights for 50 B737-8 Max Widebody aircraft, an alert from Bloomberg said. Boeing 737 has been the backbone of our fleet, with its high reliability, low operation economies & comfort: Ajay Singh #SpiceJetBigOrder — SpiceJet (@flyspicejet) January 13, 2017 “Our turnaround story has been one which has very few parallels in the world today and we are proud of it. SpiceJet has achieved seven consecutive quarters of profit, highest on-time performance and lowest cancellation rates; a record load factor of over 90% every month for 20 months in a row – a feat that has no parallel in aviation history,” said Ajay Singh, Chairman and Managing Director, SpiceJet. The planes will be delivered to SpiceJet between 2018 and 2024, Singh said. They will consider all the financing options for the Boeing deal, Singh added. The new aircraft will be used to expand the range of international destinations it flies to, Singh said while speaking about the deal in New Delhi. SpiceJet is in a very good position to expand its network & ops which includes both domestic & intl routes: CMD Ajay Singh #SpiceJetBigOrder — SpiceJet (@flyspicejet) January 13, 2017 SpiceJet currently has 26 Boeing aircraft in its fleet, including 4 737-900ER and 14 737-800s. It also has 14 Bombardier Q400s. With the next generation of B737 & B737 MAX we are sure that we can be competitive & grow profitably: CMD Ajay Singh#SpiceJetBigOrder — SpiceJet (@flyspicejet) January 13, 2017 B737 MAX has latest tech to deliver highest efficiency, reliability & passenger comfort in single-aisle mkt: Ajay Singh #SpiceJetBigOrder — SpiceJet (@flyspicejet) January 13, 2017 After the announcement of the nearly Rs 1.5 lakh crore deal, SpiceJet's shares were trading at Rs 66.10, up Rs 2.20 or 3.44% apiece. DNA Web Team TOP TOP < MCD strike enters ninth day: Protestors vow to leave Delhi dirty until salary clearance   Comments   Also Read Money Auto firms seek Union Budget fuel to race ahead Money RBI policy, FX spot to affect exposures in India Money SpiceJet making Rs 1 cr profit per day from Rs 3 cr loss earlier: Ajay Singh Money Reforms on mind, global leaders to converge in Davos Money Disincentivise cash use, banks tell govt Money Fourth rise in six weeks, Petrol price up by 42 paisa/litre Next Article > Laurent Koscielny, Olivier Giroud and Francis Coquelin pen new deals at Arsenal < Previous ArticleNext Article > MCD strike enters ninth day: Protestors vow to leave Delhi dirty until salary clearance Live Cricket Score Live NZ 91/2 (19), 539/10 (148.2) BAN 160/9 (57.5), 595/8 (152) Full Scorecard | Commentary Next node Laurent Koscielny, Olivier Giroud and Francis Coquelin pen new deals at Arsenal Related SpiceJet making Rs 1 cr profit per day from Rs 3 cr loss earlier: Ajay Singh SpiceJet won't 'go crazy' on market share; will focus on profitability: CMD Production of Boeing 777 cut, jobs may take a hit Video ‘Backpack Challenge’ is the new teen craze taking over social media Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut Watch: New York flash mob dances in support of Hillary Clinton and her pantsuits! View all Tags Boeing SpiceJet Ajay Singh Aviation Sector Bombardier SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News How many wildlife species are there in the capital? Census on the way Serial rapist who targeted around 20 minor girls in Delhi, UP & Uttarakhand arrested Mumbai Marathon: Slower than in Rio, yet Ram wins Sanctuary shattered: Gunners target flamingoes Bhim, now tamed, to return to Maharashtra Sport Lakshmanan, Monika win half marathon titles Simbu sizzles: Tanzanian overcomes stiff challenge from second-placed Kipkorir to win elite full marathon Parthiv Patel: Fighting on since 2000 Ind vs Eng: One of the best partnerships I have been part of, says Virat Kohli Ind vs Eng: Sparkling centuries by Kohli, Jadhav steer India to win Entertainment Sridevi’s girls trolled for wearing fur coats Parineeti Chopra does Priyanka Chopra’s favourite pose Heard this? - Commando 2 postponed again Bhavna, Maheep to become star moms? Guess who don't sue! Money SpiceJet making Rs 1 cr profit per day from Rs 3 cr loss earlier: Ajay Singh Reforms on mind, global leaders to converge in Davos Disincentivise cash use, banks tell govt Bond yields may be firm, could position for Feb rate cut Bulls may take a breather, value buying seen Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Go Search Go Contents Go to bottom site map N. Korea steps up attacks on Park amid signs of diplomacy Latest News Park says S. Korea, U.S. won't tolerate N. Korean provocations Pause Prev Next Search Search Area Search 2013-05-09 (Thursday) Weather 22.8℃Chuncheon 2subscribebuttonsubscribebutton Facebook Twitter Rss Global Navigation HOME NATIONAL Politics/Diplomacy Society NORTH KOREA BUSINESS Industry Economy Market Tech/Science CULTURE/SPORTS Culture Sports KOREAN WAVE K-Wave News K-Wave Photos K-Wave Videos PHOTOS All N. Korea FOCUS Select Language ALL HEADLINES All Headlines Jeju Air to buy 3 Boeing 737-800s for 2018 delivery 2017/01/13 15:10 Tweet Facebook Share Google +1 Reduce Enlarge Print SEOUL, Jan. 13 (Yonhap) -- Jeju Air said Friday it has signed a contract to buy three Boeing 737-800s for delivery in 2018. Jeju Air is the first South Korean budget carrier to purchase new airplanes as South Korean low cost carriers have flown leased airplanes alone. Jeju Air currently has 26 leased airplanes. The company expects the purchase of the Boeing airplanes to lower costs with no lease fees and reductions in the expenses for the maintenance and repair of airplanes. "We've entered the first phase of the mid and long-term growth strategy by improving the production cost, consolidating the profit model and establishing the optimum structure for the operation of airplanes," said Choi Kyu-nam, president of Jeju Air. Choi added that his company will increase the number of airplanes to 32 by the end of the year to fly more than 10 million air passengers on 50 regular air routes. hdh@yna.co.kr (END) Most Viewed Seoul to ban smoking at cultural asset sites (4th LD) Park apologizes over alleged sexual misconduct by ex-spokesman Ssangyong says resumption of overnight shift turning point of normalization (2nd LD) N. Korea's Kaesong region sure to be listed as UNESCO world heritage N. Korean escapees to S. Korea to fall 20 pct this year: official More Most Viewed Photos News Focus Tough challenges lie ahead for Ban's presidential bid S. Korea likely to carry one major leaguer to World Baseball Classic China steps up retaliation on THAAD, S. Korea stuck with few options: experts AI-based translation to soon reach human levels: industry officials Rising consumer prices fuel concern about stagflation Acting president becomes assertive leader over past month Diplomatic row with Japan flares up over comfort women statue Fear of crisis haunts S. Korean economy News All headlines National North Korea Business Culture / Sports Korean Wave Photo news Graphic news Focus Most viewed Special Features Interviews Features Topics Miscellaneous Newspaper headlines Today in Korean history Yonhap News summary Editorials from dailies Tools RSS Mobile Service Twitter Facebook Information Photo/Video Archives Korea in brief Useful links Festival Calendar Weather Overseas Networks About Yonhap About Us Contact Us Subscription Copyright N.K Archives N.K Newsletter Vantage Point Copyrights Yonhap News Agency. All Rights Reserved.
skip - Visual Website Optimizer Asynchronous Code After sanctions lifted, Iran receives its first jet from the West - Iran -  Haaretz skip - optimizely- HDC skip - skip - Visual Revenue skip - skip - skip - logo schema for google skip - infolinks- inread skip - skip - ad skip - תגיות codefuel skip - AddBolcker skip - pop skip - Maavaron script Stop animations Toggle contrast Report an accessibility issue  Log in Profile Logout Subscribe now Haaretz - Israel News Monday, January 16, 2017. Tevet 18, 5777 Time in Israel: 5:01 AM Search Click to search  Share  Tweet  Email  Zen Israel News Opinion U.S. News World News Middle East News Jewish World All sections Israel News Israeli Culture Sports Videos Travel in Israel Business Security & Aviation Science Year in Review 2016 U.S. News World News Middle East News Jewish Holidays Books Opinion Archaeology Life & Culture Food E-paper Shabbat Times Weather ESSENCE Edition française Israel Real Estate Log in Profile Scroll back Scroll forward skip - net link Israeli Intel Officers Reportedly Confirm: Global Spy Agencies Looking Into Trump's Russia Ties Home   >   Middle East News   >   Iran After Sanctions Lifted, Iran Receives Its First Jet From the West Iran, which has not directly purchased a Western-built plane in nearly 40 years, has ordered 100 from Airbus, 80 from Boeing and 20 from ATR. Reuters Jan 12, 2017 3:42 PM comments Print   Zen Subscribe now  Shareshare on facebook  Tweet send via email reddit stumbleupon An Airbus A321 painted in IranAir's livery rests on the tarmac in Colomiers, near Toulouse, France, January 11, 2017. REGIS DUVIGNAU/REUTERS Iran to increase military spending on missiles, drones and cyber warfare Iran’s opening economy threatens grip of Revolutionary Guard Iran to finalize landmark deal with European planemaker Airbus An Airbus passenger plane landed in Tehran on Thursday, the first of 200 Western-built aircraft ordered by IranAir following the lifting of sanctions on Iran last year. "This is a historic moment for Iran, signaling the end of the sanctions era for the country ...This is a prelude to the delivery of other aircraft and the renovation of Iran's ageing air fleet," state TV said. Analysts say IranAir flies one of the world's oldest fleets and has had to rely on smuggled or improvised parts. Iran, which has not directly purchased a Western-built plane in nearly 40 years, has ordered 100 from Airbus, 80 from Boeing and 20 from turboprop maker ATR. The one exception to that was the sale of one plane to replace an Airbus jet shot down by the U.S. Navy in 1988. The arrival of the Airbus 321 on Thursday comes just over a week before the Jan. 20 inauguration of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, who is opposed to the deal struck by Western powers which lifted sanctions on Iran over its nuclear deal last January. Republicans in the U.S. Congress have also objected to the pact, which was signed by the United States, Britain, Russia, France, China, Germany and Iran. It also faces opposition from hardliners in Iran. World powers agreed to lift sanctions on Tehran in return for curbs on Iran's nuclear activities. IranAir Chairman Farhad Parvaresh said on Wednesday he hoped the United States would not block the agreement. Both Airbus and Boeing need U.S. export licences to deliver the jets because of the number of U.S. parts they contain. IranAir hopes to receive "at least two more from Airbus" by the end of March and a total of six A320 aircraft in calendar year 2017, Parvaresh said. Reuters Reuters Send me email alerts for new articles by Reuters Send Close Email * Please enter your email Reuters For a list of Haaretz newsletters, click here. Close  Send me email alerts for new articles by Reuters Send me email alerts Want to enjoy 'Zen' reading - with no ads and just the article? Subscribe today Subscribe now Back to page skip - skip all comments Comments Sign in to join the conversation. Add a comment Name * Required field Subject * Required field Comment Send Cancel By adding a comment, I agree to this site’s Terms of use Thank you! Your comment was successfully submitted and will be published in accordance with site policy. If you would like to be notified when your comment is published, please fill in your email address in the form below. Email * Please enter valid email Keep me posted No thanks Please wait… An error has occurred Please try again later Close Sort comments by Newest first Oldest first Top-rated first Expand all 1 Reply Close Reply Close Load more Loading more comments skip - gone viral on facbook/haaretzcom Gone Viral skip - video Most Viewed Now A Jewish Girl's Pendant Was Found at a Nazi Camp - and Now Yad Vashem Is Looking for Her Relatives What Israeli Soldiers Never Tell Their Mothers Israeli Intel Officers 'Confirm': Global Spy Agencies Looking Into Trump's Russia Ties Jews on Left and Right Stand With John Lewis Against Trump's MLK Weekend Tirade Security & Aviation Watch 100 Micro-drones Swarm Autonomously From Target to Target Over The Pole Casino Mogul Sets Record With 18-hour Flight From Israel Lebanese President Blames Israeli Mossad for Assassinating Businessman in Angola Pakistan Threatens Israel With Nuclear War Because of Fake News Article All the latest Middle East news, straight to your inbox Email* Please enter a valid email address Please enter your email Sign up I'd like to receive emails on offers, appeals and commercial info Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close Iran US Iran sanctions Iran Promoted content skip - tw Tweets by haaretzcom A Critical Crossroad How the 'Israeli Arab' Was Created By Gal Levy13 hours ago This is a primium article Leaked 'Trump Dossier' Alleges That Russia Targets Jewish-Americans By Allison Kaplan Sommer11.01.2017 3 comments 3 One Week Before the American Republic Inaugurates Its Destroyer By Sasha Abramsky13 hours ago This is a primium article Live Updates Paris Summit on Israeli-Palestinian Peace: Latest News and Analyses By Barak Ravid (Paris)8 hours ago Live updates France Bashes Trump's Plan to Move U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem: Extreme Provocation By Barak Ravid15 hours ago Putin Plot Flusters Washington and Mars Trump's Inauguration By Chemi Shalevyesterday This is a primium article U.S. Intelligence Officials Reportedly Warn Israeli Counterparts Against Sharing Info With Trump Administration By Haaretzyesterday Capital of Israel Is Tel Aviv, Says Trump's Pentagon Pick Mattis By Amir Tibon12.01.2017 3 comments 3 skip - Subscribe element Today's Most Read Read Full Concluding Statement of Paris Peace Conference Opinion One Week Before the American Republic Inaugurates Its Destroyer Israeli Intel Officers Reportedly Confirm: Global Spy Agencies Looking Into Trump's Russia Ties Netanyahu Promised to Media Mogul to Stifle Adelson's Daily: 'We Can Legislate It, We'll Set Up a Committee' Former Netanyahu Chauffeur Jailed for 27 Years for Raping Seven Girls Opinion What Israeli Soldiers Never Tell Their Mothers skip - ICYMI Scroll back U.S. Intel 'Warned' Israel: Don't Share Info With Trump Admin Over the Pole: Casino Mogul Sets Record With 18-hour Flight From Israel Capital of Israel Is Tel Aviv, Says Trump's Pentagon Pick Mattis Netanyahu's Tape Scandal Explained: Will He Be Forced to Resign? 'I Wouldn't Leave Tel Aviv for Anything' John Oliver Cancels Trip to Israel The Strange Case of a Nazi Who Became an Israeli Hitman 'Don't Belong': Venezuelan Jews Barred From Immigrating to Israel Opinion Netanyahu Is Out of Control The Absurd Reason Why Israeli Teens Study Derrida in School In J'lem Tunnel, Culture Minister Gives Obama a Lesson in History Why I, an Israeli Jew Who Lost Family in Auschwitz, Assimilated How Jewish Law Ruined Our Sex Lives Jew Singles Mecca Under Fire for Ads 'Steeped in Rape Culture' New Dead Sea Scrolls Fragments Found in Desert Security Council Punch Humiliates Netanyahu 10 Jesus Sites in Jerusalem: Are They Bona Fide? Paved Paradise? Secrets of Ancient Jerusalem Village Diamonds, Mining, Soros: The Fall of Israel's Richest Man Why Time’s Trump Cover Is a Subversive Work of Political Art Scroll forward FAQ Contact us Newsletters Terms and conditions Privacy policy Management Editorial Accessibility Advertise on Haaretz.com RSS Contact us Download our Android app Download our iOS app gPlus Facebook Twitter Israel News Middle East Jewish World U.S./World Business Partnerships Israel Real Estate Dan Hotels in Tel Aviv Haaretz Labels Michael Laitman Life Archaeology Science Sports Culture Purim Books Travel Theater Movies and TV Food Poem of the Week Columnists Bradley Burston Chemi Shalev Allison Kaplan Sommer Anshel Pfeffer Sayed Kashua Ilene Prusher David Rosenberg Carlo Strenger Vered Guttman Opinion Daily Cartoon Letters to the Editor הארץ חדשות גלריה מתכונים לחנוכה ספורט ספרים סרטים מומלצים קפטן אינטרנט TheMarker Finance חדשות שוק ההון צרכנות נדל"ן Haaretz.com, the online edition of Haaretz Newspaper in Israel, and analysis from Israel and the Middle East. Haaretz.com provides extensive and in-depth coverage of Israel, the Jewish World and the Middle East, including defense, diplomacy, the Arab-Israeli conflict, the peace process, Israeli politics, Jerusalem affairs, international relations, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, the Palestinian Authority, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, the Israeli business world and Jewish life in Israel and the Diaspora. © Haaretz Daily Newspaper Ltd. All Rights Reserved skip - skip - skip - default close skip - skip - skip - Crazy egg skip - collecting surfing data - responsive skip - skip - skip - skip - access list by IP script skip - skip - skip -
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Traffic alert Eastbound I-90 is reduced to one lane and detoured to express lanes until 5 a.m. Monday Business Technology Satellite constellations could be poised to challenge the broadband industry Originally published January 12, 2017 at 4:52 pm Updated January 13, 2017 at 6:23 am A rendering of satellite broadband coverage that could be provided by OneWeb’s proposed network of hundreds of miniature satellites beaming inexpensive high-speed internet service throughout the world. (OneWeb/TNS) Backed by billions of dollars from deep-pocketed investors, a new generation of satellite entrepreneurs plans to blanket the earth in the next few years with perhaps thousands of miniature satellites beaming cheap, ubiquitous broadband service. Share story By Samantha Masunaga Los Angeles Times LOS ANGELES — It’s been more than a decade since a handful of ambitious entrepreneurs saw their plans to provide global telecommunications service through massive satellite constellations blow up, doomed by runaway costs. Now, a new generation is headed back to the launchpad. Backed by billions of dollars from deep-pocketed investors, they plan to blanket the Earth in the next few years with perhaps thousands of miniature satellites beaming cheap, ubiquitous broadband service. What’s different? Launching one of these smaller satellites can cost a fraction of the price for a larger, school-bus-sized satellite. These will largely be mass-produced. And consumers now demand high-speed internet connectivity pretty much everywhere, on airplanes, cruise ships and in the remotest village in Africa. Most Read Stories Michael Bennett explodes at reporter following Seahawks-Falcons game Anti-Trumper John Kasich to doubters: I'm no lame duck Can’t make it to D.C.? Seattle will have own women’s march Man arrested after Bellevue mosque damaged in suspected arson  VIEW Seattle’s Mayor Murray kills city-run bike-share programUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Companies such as SpaceX, OneWeb and Boeing have recently proposed networks of satellites in low-Earth orbit to provide high-speed broadband access around the globe. Even Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has aspirations to bring internet to poorly connected areas. A plan derailed in September after a satellite set to beam high-speed service to areas including sub-Saharan Africa was destroyed in the explosion of a SpaceX rocket on a Florida launchpad. If this latest wave of satellite networks gets off the ground, it could pose a challenge to a $224.6 billion industry dominated by telecom and cable companies with their miles of fiber-optic and copper wires. “That’s going to shake up how these operators are controlling different regions, and it’s going to allow the consumer a little more of an option,” said Taylor Palmer, industry analyst at market research firm IBISWorld. In mid-December, Arlington, Va.-based OneWeb said it secured $1.2 billion of funded capital in a round led by Japanese technology giant SoftBank Group, which contributed $1 billion of the total. The money will fund construction of a Florida satellite-manufacturing plant, which is set to start production in 2018. SoftBank is just one addition to OneWeb’s list of big-name investors, which includes Qualcomm, Airbus Group, the Coca-Cola Co. and Richard Branson’s Virgin Group. “One of the main challenges is raising financing from investors, so this proves they are able to continue doing that and they’re still attracting money from these big, established companies,” said Bill Ostrove, aerospace and defense analyst at market research firm Forecast International. “That’s going to be really vital.” Satellite-provided broadband service is still tiny. It generated revenues of $1.9 billion in 2015, according to a June report from the Tauri Group commissioned by the Satellite Industry Association trade group. That compares with $97.8 billion for satellite television. But interest in satellite broadband is growing as consumers expect high-speed service in places that aren’t always well-served by fiber or cable. Last month, Southwest Airlines said it planned to equip its entire fleet of more than 700 planes with Wi-Fi. “There’s a competitive advantage for those that have that service available,” said Tom Stroup, president of the Satellite Industry Association. “Broadband has essentially become an expected fact of life.” Analysts say satellite constellations could have the biggest effect in remote areas. In 2014, almost half the world’s population lived in rural regions, which are largely unconnected to the internet, according to a report from ITU, a special agency of the United Nations that handles information and communication technologies. “Internet access is fundamental for understanding of culture, cultural differences, civic understanding and participation,” said Greg Wyler, founder and executive chairman of OneWeb. “It helps make the unconnected economically relevant to the developed world. When they’re economically relevant, we pay a lot more attention to them,” Wyler said. The company has an ambitious timeline. It plans to launch the first 10 satellites into low-Earth orbit in early 2018 to test their capabilities. More launches will follow, with its broadband access beginning as early as 2019. By 2022, OneWeb says it will connect every unconnected school to the internet. Eventually, OneWeb plans a 700-satellite constellation. OneWeb’s manufacturing facility in Exploration Park, Fla., is key to these plans. The company will mass-produce its microsatellites with automated assembly capabilities similar to those used in aircraft-production facilities, eventually making three a day. OneWeb has said the satellites will weigh about 330 pounds. SpaceX, based outside Los Angeles, plans to eventually launch more than 4,000 satellites for its network. Each satellite would be about 13 feet long and 6 feet wide, with 19-foot-long solar arrays. In 2015, the company received a $1 billion infusion from Google and Fidelity Investments and opened an office in Redmond to focus on developing the small satellites. SpaceX Chief Executive Elon Musk has said the whole constellation could cost $10 billion to $15 billion. After launching an initial 800 satellites, SpaceX said it could provide broadband coverage to the U.S., Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. By its final deployment, the company said it “will pass over virtually all parts of the Earth’s surface.” Boeing’s proposed 2,900-satellite constellation is intended to provide broadband access to both commercial and government users worldwide. The aerospace giant said it planned to launch more than 1,300 satellites within six years of the license approval. The satellite swarms are made possible by advances in miniaturized parts and microprocessors. They could also help shrink the price gap between satellite and terrestrial broadband access, said Palmer of IBISWorld. In the past, satellite broadband was hampered by slower data transfer based on the long distance from Earth — a problem the companies hope to solve by putting their satellites in low-Earth orbit. They will also launch extra satellites to ensure coverage if a few break down. “If they’re really able to optimize the production … and get it out at a cost-per-unit measurement that makes sense for a household … then it really could expand satellite broadband into a major competitor for some of these terrestrial companies,” Palmer said. Wyler, however, insists OneWeb will be a partner with the Earthbound networks, serving as an extension of current networks. “We’re not competing at all,” Wyler said. “These are areas (where) the current broadband infrastructure are not designed to provide services.” In some cases, he said, cellular operators might be able to put a tower in a rural area, but the location is too remote to lay cables or fiber to provide internet service. That’s where OneWeb could step in and beam service to the tower, Wyler said. Ultimately, an expanding market for broadband probably can accommodate both technologies, said Ostrove of Forecast International. “I think it’s just going to be another way … for the end user to get that service,” he said. Samantha Masunaga Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story U.S. says Fiat Chrysler flouted emissions rules Previous Story Fed Chair Yellen cites income gap among long-term risks Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
off Serving Central Oregon since 1903 Sunday, January 15, 2017 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation Local/State Education Environment Bend Deschutes County Politics OSU-Cascades Marijuana Business Sports High School Ducks Beavers Golf Community Sports Outdoors Lifestyle Restaurants Drinks Food Home & Garden Family Milestones Travel Outdoors Cook Like a Chef Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Endorsements Submission Policies Health Pulse Magazine Entertainment Events Music Movies GO! Arts Restaurants Drinks Books TV Obits Jobs MORE Nation Outdoors Events Classifieds Webcams Special Publications BendHomes.com Subscribe Digital Newsstand Slideshows Submit a photo Reader Comments Home Local/State Business Sports Lifestyle Entertainment Obits Jobs Events Classifieds Webcams BendHomes.com Slideshows Submit a photo Movies GO! Restaurants Real Estate Home Business Satellite constellations could challenge the broadband industry | Companies plan a global blanket that provides internet everywhere print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google 2926455 false A rendering of satellite broadband coverage that could be provided by OneWeb's proposed network of hundreds of satellites. (OneWeb) Click here to enlarge image Satellite constellations could challenge the broadband industry Companies plan a global blanket that provides internet everywhere By Samantha Masunaga / Los Angeles Times Published Jan 12, 2017 at 04:16PM LOS ANGELES — It’s been more than a decade since a handful of ambitious entrepreneurs saw their plans to provide global telecommunications service through massive satellite constellations blow up, doomed by runaway costs. Now, a new generation of satellite entrepreneurs is headed back to the launch pad. Backed by billions of dollars from deep-pocketed investors, they plan to blanket the earth in the next few years with perhaps thousands of miniature satellites beaming cheap, ubiquitous broadband service. What’s different? Launching one of these smaller satellites can cost a fraction of the price for a larger, school-bus-sized satellite. These new satellites will largely be mass-produced. And consumers now demand high-speed internet connectivity pretty much everywhere, on airplanes, cruise ships and in the remotest village in Africa. Companies such as SpaceX, OneWeb and Boeing have all recently proposed networks of satellites in low-Earth orbit to provide high-speed broadband access around the globe. Even Facebook Inc. Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg has aspirations to bring internet to poorly connected areas — a plan that was derailed in September after a satellite set to beam high-speed service to areas including sub-Saharan Africa was destroyed in the explosion of a SpaceX rocket on a Florida launch pad. If this latest wave of satellite networks gets off the ground, it could pose a challenge to a $224.6 billion industry currently dominated by telecom and cable companies with their miles of fiber optic and copper wires. “That’s going to shake up how these operators are controlling different regions, and it’s going to allow the consumer a little more of an option,” said Taylor Palmer, industry analyst at market research firm IBISWorld. In mid-December, the Arlington, Va.-based OneWeb said it secured $1.2 billion of funded capital in a round led by Japanese technology giant SoftBank Group Corp., which contributed $1 billion of the total. The money will fund construction of a Florida satellite manufacturing plant, which is set to start production in 2018. SoftBank is just one addition to OneWeb’s list of big-name investors, which includes Qualcomm Inc., Airbus Group, the Coca-Cola Co. and Richard Branson’s Virgin Group. “One of the main challenges is raising financing from investors, so this proves they are able to continue doing that and they’re still attracting money from these big, established companies,” said Bill Ostrove, aerospace and defense analyst at market research firm Forecast International. “That’s going to be really vital.” Satellite-provided broadband service is still tiny. It generated revenues of $1.9 billion in 2015, according to a June report from the Tauri Group that was commissioned by the Satellite Industry Association trade group. That compares with $97.8 billion for satellite television. But interest in satellite broadband is growing as consumers expect high-speed service in places that aren’t always well-served by fiber or cable. Last month, Southwest Airlines said it planned to equip its entire fleet of more than 700 planes with WiFi. “There’s a competitive advantage for those that have that service available,” said Tom Stroup, president of the Satellite Industry Association. “Broadband has essentially become an expected fact of life.” Analysts say satellite constellations could have the biggest effect in remote areas. In 2014, almost half of the world’s population lived in rural regions, which are largely unconnected to the internet, according to a report from ITU, a special agency of the United Nations that handles information and communication technologies. “Internet access is fundamental for understanding of culture, cultural differences, civic understanding and participation,” said Greg Wyler, founder and executive chairman of OneWeb. “It helps make the unconnected economically relevant to the developed world. When they’re economically relevant, we pay a lot more attention to them.” The company has an ambitious timeline. It plans to launch the first 10 satellites into low-Earth orbit in early 2018 to test their capabilities. More launches will follow, with its broadband access beginning as early as 2019. By 2022, OneWeb says it will connect every unconnected school to the internet. Eventually, OneWeb plans a 700-satellite constellation. OneWeb’s satellite manufacturing facility in Exploration Park, Fla., is key to these plans. The company will mass produce its micro-satellites with automated assembly capabilities similar to those used in aircraft production facilities, eventually making three a day. OneWeb has said the satellites will weigh about 330 pounds. SpaceX, based outside Los Angeles, plans to eventually launch more than 4,000 satellites for its network. Each satellite would be about 13 feet long and 6 feet wide, with 19-foot-long solar arrays. In 2015, the company received a $1 billion infusion from Google Inc. and Fidelity Investments and opened an office in Redmond, Wash., near Seattle, to focus on developing the small satellites. SpaceX Chief Executive Elon Musk has said the whole constellation could cost $10 billion to $15 billion. After launching an initial 800 satellites, SpaceX said it could provide broadband coverage to the U.S., Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. By its final deployment, the company said it “will pass over virtually all parts of the Earth’s surface.” Boeing’s proposed 2,900-satellite constellation is intended to provide broadband access to both commercial and government users worldwide. The aerospace giant said it planned to launch more than 1,300 satellites within six years of the license approval. The satellite swarms are made possible by advances in miniaturized parts and microprocessors. They could also help shrink the price gap between satellite and terrestrial broadband access, said Palmer of IBISWorld. In the past, satellite broadband was hampered by slower data transfer based on the long distance from Earth — a problem the companies hope to solve by putting their satellites in low-Earth orbit. They will also launch extra satellites to ensure coverage if a few break down. “If they’re really able to optimize the production, and get it out at a cost-per-unit measurement that makes sense for a household, then it really could expand satellite broadband into a major competitor for some of these terrestrial companies,” Palmer said. But first the satellite systems must get approval from the FCC to use specific airwaves. And mobile broadband providers have fought back when proposals for certain frequencies have overlapped with their own plans. The satellite ventures may be able to lean on their powerful investors. Several of OneWeb’s backers have ties to the wireless industry, including SoftBank, which has a controlling stake in Sprint Corp., and Sunil Bharti Mittal, founder and chairman of Bharti Enterprises, a business group that includes leading Indian telecommunications company Bharti Airtel Ltd. Wyler insists OneWeb will be a partner with the Earth-bound networks, serving as an extension of current networks. OneWeb’s business model is to sell the broadband connectivity and capacity on its satellites to telecommunications operators. “We’re not competing at all,” Wyler said. “These are areas (where) the current broadband infrastructure are not designed to provide services.” In some cases, he said cellular operators might be able to put a tower in a rural area, but the location is too remote to lay cables or fiber to provide internet service. That’s where OneWeb could step in and beam service to the tower, Wyler said. Ultimately, an expanding market for broadband probably can accommodate both technologies, said Ostrove of Forecast International. “I think it’s just going to be another way for the end user to get that service,” he said. 16154543 View next article in Business     Get Central Oregon's top headlines delivered to your inbox every morning GO print version Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window 2016: The year in review The Bulletin's top photos of 2016 Slideshow The building of a Keith Manufacturing Walking Floor Slideshow Hops harvest Get daily headlines to your inbox GO Connect with The Bulletin Tweets from https://twitter.com/thebulletin/business-writers Popular Comments Popular stories for Business Layoffs coming to Prineville data center 01/11/2017 The contractor responsible for providing security at Facebook’s data centers in Prineville ... more Delta adds service to Redmond 01/13/2017 Delta Air Lines Inc. announced new flights Thursday from Seattle to destinations ... more National report cool on Deschutes County housing market 01/15/2017 After years of growth, the outlook for Deschutes County’s housing market is ... more Hop convention coming to Bend 01/12/2017 Andrew Bloo will be present, he said, when the 61st annual American ... more State comes through with housing funds 01/11/2017 Housing Works, the public housing authority for Central Oregon, plans to build ... more Recent article comments» View more comments» Comments powered by Disqus The Bulletin Contact Us Staff Directory Advertise with Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Connect with The Bulletin Subscriptions New Subscription Vacation Hold Back Copies Share Because You Care Newspapers In Education Subscription Rates General Account Help Our Partners Baker City Herald La Grande Observer Northeast Oregon Classifieds Union Democrat Del Norte Triplicate Curry Coastal Pilot Central Oregon Nickel Bend Homes Northwest Web Press Quick Links Digital Newsstand Special Ad Sections Restaurant Guide Obituaries TV Listings Movie Listings ODOT Web Cams Oregon Lottery Parade Magazine Submit an Event Submit a worship service Photos Submit Photos View Reader Photos View Bulletin Photos Purchase Photos Explore more of Central Oregon with a subscription to The Bulletin. Subscribe © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Email Contacts | 541-382-1811 Quick links Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Manage Account ODOT Web Cams Movie Listings Restaurant Guide Submit Photos Submit an Event © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Contact us | 541-382-1811
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 44-54 We set you thinking Monday 16 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Singapore Foreign vehicles entering S'pore will be charged $6.40 per entry from Feb 15 1484533980 World Ex-U.N. chief Ban narrows gap in opinion poll for South Korean presidency 1484533801 Business Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources 1484534312 World Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors 1484534190 World Obama says U.N. vote didn't rupture U.S.-Israel relations 1484532606 World Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times 1484533354 World Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' 1484533354 World Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK 1484533365 World Israel, Palestinians warned against solo steps harmful to peace 1484512857 World CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia 1484533354 Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 1484520660 World Decision over THAAD location in South Korea could be delayed: Yonhap 1484532099 World Trump asks if outgoing CIA Chief was leaker of ‘fake news’ 1484531760 Tech Samsung probe finds battery was main cause of Galaxy Note 7 fires: Source 1484529960 Business Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1484530442 World Tibet protesters detained in Swiss capital during Xi Jinping visit 1484517484 World Death toll from Brazil jail riot at 27, nine injured 1484522361 World South Korea prosecutor indicts NPS chief in political scandal probe 1484529755 China&India Beijing will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues on Taiwan: China Daily 1484527800 Lifestyle Gordon Ramsay to cook with food waste at pop-up restaurant in London 1484528189 World One hand on light switch, Obama isn’t flipping to ‘off’ just yet 1484525760 Business Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 1484526995 World Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world 1484526991 World Are fathers getting a raw deal in the workplace, UK inquiry asks 1484525784 Business Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader 1484526334 World Trump team may move West Wing briefings to expand capacity 1484523960 Singapore Singapore has world’s 2nd most ‘powerful’ passport: Index 1484525520 World Living standards better growth gauge than GDP, Davos forum says 1484524260 Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos 1484525116 World What changes under Turkey’s new constitution plan? 1484523395 Business Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific set for overhaul 1484523391 World Early elections set to be called in Northern Ireland 1484522049 World Trump says Merkel made 'catastrophic mistake' with refugee policy 1484522485 Business In choosing a job, focus on the fun 1484523096 World Efforts ramped up to monitor fires in Riau, Kalimantan amid haze fears 1484479260 Singapore Poor response to scheme to guide SMEs to attract, retain manpower 1484495460 Lifestyle Chat with a cat? Who could resist? 1484521860 China&India One-China policy non-negotiable, Beijing reminds Trump again 1484510460 Business Sterling skids on Brexit worry; investors await Trump clarity 1484521298 Business Exclusive: Philip Morris jolted by Indian proposal to ban foreign tobacco investment 1484521516 World Trump labels NATO ‘obsolete’ in newspaper interview 1484520989 Business Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico 1484518446 World French ex-PM Valls trails in left-wing TV primary debate: poll 1484518110 World Trump says wants nuclear arsenals cut 'very substantially' 1484517828 Business Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns 1484517960 World South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief 1484468130 Sports Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool 1484516160 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Jan 16 1484515800 World Britain has 'reservations' about Paris Middle East peace talks 1484508777 World Congo government says M23 rebel fighters cross over border from Uganda 1484512211 Business Boeing begins offering stretched 737 MAX 10X: CNN Money Boeing facilities are seen in Los Angeles, California. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 7:40 AM, January 13, 2017 SEATTLE - Boeing Co <BA.N> has begun offering airlines a stretched version of its new 737 MAX narrow-body aircraft, according to a report by CNN Money on Thursday. Boeing has said it is talking with customers about adding the bigger plane to its 737 MAX family, which boasts greater fuel efficiency than current-generation 737s. The first 737 MAX is due to enter service this year. The new plane, known as the 737 MAX 10X, would help Boeing head off the runaway sales of Airbus' A321neo, which can carry more passengers and fly farther than the 737 MAX 9. Plane makers typically line up orders from airlines before deciding whether to formally undertake building a new aircraft. Boeing declined to confirm the CNN Money report, which cited three unnamed sources as saying Boeing's board had approved the decision to sell the plane late last year. "We are continuing to work through the business case and talk to customers about a potential 737 MAX 10X," the Chicago-based plane maker said in a statement on Thursday. "Once this process is successfully completed, we will be in a position to share more details." REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen had 'super risky' proposal for Fed's 2011 low-rate vow: transcripts Yahoo to be named Altaba, Mayer to leave board after Verizon deal Yahoo plans to shrink board, change name to Altaba after Verizon deal Xi to be first Chinese leader to attend Davos World Economic Forum World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos With new leverage, NYC's Stringer could reshape boardrooms Where to get help if you’re in financial trouble Wells Fargo thinks it has paid back customers as required Weekly jobless claims rise; import prices push higher Wall Street opens flat ahead of Trump conference Inside Today World Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors Ex-U.N. chief Ban narrows gap in opinion poll for South Korean presidency Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' Business Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Sports High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool Meet Nicol David, the Serena Williams of women's squash Nadal determined to fight against the pain Williams seeks Grand Slam greatness at Australian Open Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 It’s curtains for ‘World’s Greatest Show’ after 146 years No plans to digitise Fisher in future Star Wars films Artwalk pays homage to Little India’s heritage Glass shards to the face and having to dance without music About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
null
  Caracas, Sunday January 15,2017   Home | About us | Who's Who | Contacts | Help Search:  Venezuela Links Venezuela Overview Venezuelan Embassies & Consulates Around The World Sites/Blogs about Venezuela Venezuelan Newspapers Facts about Venezuela Venezuela Tourism Embassies in Caracas Colombia Links Colombia Overview Colombian Embassies & Consulates Around the World Government Links Embassies in Bogota Media Sites/Blogs about Colombia Educational Institutions Wall Street Stocks Commodity Prices Commodities Crude Oil US Gasoline Prices Natural Gas Gold Silver Copper Currencies Euro UK Pound Australia Dollar Canada Dollar Brazil Real Mexico Peso India Rupee Caribbean Antigua & Barbuda Aruba Barbados Cayman Islands Cuba Curacao Dominica Caribbean G-Z Grenada Haiti Jamaica Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Central America Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Honduras Nicaragua Panama North America Bahamas Bermuda Mexico South America Argentina Brazil Chile Guyana Paraguay Peru Uruguay Follow Us What's New at LAHT? Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Most Viewed on the Web Popular on Twitter Receive Our Daily Headlines   HOME | Business & Economy (Click here for more) Indias SpiceJet to Buy 205 Boeing Aircrafts for $22 Billion NEW DELHI  Indian low-cost airline SpiceJet announced Friday it will buy 205 airplanes from American manufacturer Boeing for around $22 billion. SpiceJet Chairman and Managing Director Ajay Singh said the order, which is part of the companys ambitious expansion plan, includes the acquisition of 100 737 MAX 8 aircrafts  in addition to 42 MAX planes, and 13 737 aircrafts ordered earlier  and the purchasing rights to 50 other large-size aircrafts. With the next generation of B737 and the B737 MAX, we are sure that we can be competitive and grow profitably, said Singh. We are now in a very good position to expand our network and operations, which includes both domestic and international routes and destinations, he added. He added SpiceJet has recorded profits for seven consecutive quarters, has highest on-time performance and the lowest cancelation rates currently. Boeing Vice Chairman Ray Conner stressed the agreement comes after more than a decade of partnership between the two companies. Spicejet operates 336 flights daily to 45 destinations, 39 within India and 6 abroad, with a current fleet of 32 Boeing 737NGs and 17 Bombardier Q-400s.   Enter your email address to subscribe to free headlines (and great cartoons so every email has a happy ending!) from the Latin American Herald Tribune:   RSS Feed [ Home ] [ About Us ] [ Who's Who ] [ Contacts ] [ Help ] Copyright Latin American Herald Tribune - 2005-2015 © All rights reserved
The most read Vietnamese newspaper Follow us on                Edition: International   |   Vietnamese Home News Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Food Culture & Arts Travel What’s On Video World Contact Us © Copyright 1997 VnExpress.net, All rights reserved Go The most read Vietnamese newspaper International Edition International Edition Vietnamese Edition Contact us | Follow us on        News Business Travel & Life Video World Browse all section News Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Food Culture & Arts Travel What’s On Video World Business Related News VietJet CEO says net profit to climb 30 percent in 2017 Jan. 10, 2017 VietJet to launch China charter flights to Da Nang Dec. 18, 2016 IPO to value Vietnam's budget airline VietJet at $1.2 billion Dec. 16, 2016 VietJet set to launch $200 million IPO next month . 22, 2016 VietJet Air makes maiden flight to Tainan June. 23, 2016 Overseas ambitions test Vietnam's 'bikini airline' amid skepticism over growth By Reuters/My Pham, Mai Nguyen  &nbspJanuary 14, 2017 | 10:09 am GMT+7 VietJet's 2017 calendar features bikini-clad models. The low-cost carrier, set up in 2011, grabbed headlines with bikini-wearing flight attendants. Photo by VnExpress VietJet's CEO plans to push into China, Australia and Russia. VietJet Air has gone from start-up to Vietnam's largest private airline in five years. Now it is pushing overseas to keep up that growth and absorb a bumper order of more than 200 planes: no easy task in a cutthroat Southeast Asian market. The airline, which was set up in 2011, grabbed headlines with its bikini-clad flight attendants. It tapped a rich vein - a fast-growing economy and a young population that was starting to travel more. But VietJet's next step will be more challenging, industry analysts and executives say, as it expands further beyond Vietnam into choked southeast Asia, competitive China or Russia, where VietJet's fleet of narrowbody jets would confine it to the country's east. Infrastructure in the region is clogged and new airport slots are rare. Even Kuala Lumpur, a less crowded airport, is highly competitive, thanks to airlines like Air Asia. That has raised questions about VietJet's ability to absorb one of the region's largest aircraft orders. "(VietJet) have been extremely successful in the first five years but what they have done has been entirely domestic," said Singapore-based analyst Brendan Sobie at consultancy CAPA. "The domestic market will start to slow and it is more difficult to expand internationally – some people doubt that they can continue (growing) at the current rate." According to CAPA, Vietnam’s domestic aviation market grew 30 percent in 2016 to 28 million passengers - nearly five times the growth rate of the broader economy. At VietJet's gleaming offices in Ho Chi Minh City, its chief executive and founder, Nguyen Thi Phuong Thao - also Vietnam's first female billionaire - outlines plans to push into China, Australia and Russia, where she studied and first worked. She dismisses concerns of excess competition, even in China, where local airlines have boomed. More than 10 Chinese carriers have begun flying since the aviation regulator relaxed a six-year suspension on new airline licences in 2013. "Other countries are still doing business with China and VietJet also has its own advantages," she told Reuters. "We can ally with Chinese airlines when wanting to expand in the country’s local market." Unlike other new generation carriers in the region who have sought to set up alliances to gain clout without merging, VietJet has resisted. VietJet Air CEO Nguyen Thi Phuong Thao speaks behind a model of a VietJet aircraft during an interview in her office in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, January 10, 2017. Photo by Reuters Too many planes? Among the airline's most imminent concerns will be its large aircraft order - more than 200 planes, including more than 100 Airbus A320 family aircraft and 100 Boeing 737 Max 200s - a mixed approach rarely taken by low-cost or new generation airlines, who prefer to streamline engineering needs. The Boeing order in particular, announced during a visit by U.S. President Barack Obama, prompted questions over whether the order was placed for political reasons. Thao dismissed this. Industry sources, however, say some of the 200 planes on order may be subject to reconfirmation or other get-out clauses. Thao says the airline has support to finance its orders, worth over $20 billion, but has given no detail. The group has VND5 trillion ($221 million) in debt. A Boeing spokesman said it had no change to its order. Airbus, which analysts say is most exposed to budget airlines in Southeast Asia including VietJet, declined to comment. VietJet ended 2016 with some 40 aircraft but is targeting more than 200 by 2023. And it is not without growth potential. Asia Pacific passenger growth is the fastest in the world. The carrier's pre-tax profit almost doubled last year to over $100 million and it sees its bottom line rising by almost a third this year, thanks to a low cost base. An initial public offering to raise $170 million valued VietJet at $1.2 billion. Shares start trading in February. "So far, so good," said analyst Shukor Yusof of Endau Analytics, describing growth so far as 'a feat'. "But I'm a bit skeptical if this rapid growth can be sustained without affecting the airline's bottom line." Related news: > IPO to value Vietnam's budget airline VietJet at $1.2 billion > VietJet set to launch $200 million IPO next month >  VietJet to launch China charter flights to Da Nang   Follow us on Facebook   Follow us on Twitter Tags: VietJet China flight aviation Comments (0) Latest first | Highest rated Latest firstHighest rated View more Your comment 20/1000 Tắt chia sẻ Log out   Your comment 0/1000   Read more Vietnam mulls environmental tax hike on petroleum products, plastic bags Vietnam set to export dragon fruit to Australia soon Vietnamese seafood exporters scammed in payment fraud schemes PetroVietnam, Exxon Mobil sign deal on Vietnam's biggest gas project Beer-thirsty Vietnamese force supermarkets to ration sales before Lunar New Year Vietnam remains kingdom of motorbikes as sales rev up in 2016 Recommendation Vietnam mulls environmental tax hike on petroleum products, plastic bags 1 Vietnam set to export dragon fruit to Australia soon 2 Vietnamese seafood exporters scammed in payment fraud schemes 3 Overseas ambitions test Vietnam's 'bikini airline' amid skepticism over growth 4 PetroVietnam, Exxon Mobil sign deal on Vietnam's biggest gas project 5 Back to top Contact: Editorial News World Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Travel Food Culture & Arts Video What's On © Copyright 1997 VnExpress.net, All rights reserved   Reading: Overseas ambitions test Vietnam's 'bikini airline' amid skepticism over growth | Go News Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Food Culture & Arts Travel What’s On Video World
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Confirmation hearings ObamaCare Donald Trump SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Trump’s healthcare plan will offer ‘insurance for everybody’: report Healthcare — 53m 55s ago Trump on outgoing CIA director: ‘Was this the leaker of Fake News?’ Administration — 1h 12m ago Obama’s parting thoughts on Syria, Israel Administration — 1h 22m ago What Obama will do after his presidency? Sleep. Blog Briefing Room — 1h 48m ago Obama would take a mulligan on healthcare.gov Administration — 1h 51m ago Trump tells German paper: NATO is ‘obsolete’ Administration — 2h 19m ago Trump tweets: SNL is ‘worst of NBC’ Administration — 2h 52m ago Obama on '60 Minutes': A president needs 'thick skin,' 'stamina' Administration — 2h 59m ago view all   Trump raises record $90M for inauguration By Evelyn Rupert - 01/13/17 09:45 PM EST 3,316   © Getty Images President-elect Donald TrumpDonald TrumpTrump’s healthcare plan will offer ‘insurance for everybody’: report Trump on outgoing CIA director: ‘Was this the leaker of Fake News?’ What Obama will do after his presidency? Sleep. MORE’s inaugural committee has raised a record $90 million to cover the steep costs of next weekend's festivities, the Associated Press reported.  That far outpaces President Obama’s $55 million in 2009 and $43 million in 2013, the AP reported.  Donations include $1 million from Boeing and $500,000 from Chevron. The inauguration committee will have 90 days after Jan. 20 to disclose the rest of the donors.  ADVERTISEMENT The cash haul will likely be more than enough to cover what is expected to be a leaner inauguration — the chair of the inauguration committee, Tom Barrack, has said he wants to avoid a “circus-like atmosphere.”  Trump will hold three inaugural balls to Obama’s 10 in 2009, and the entertainment lineup doesn’t feature the major stars that have joined Obama.  Trump spokesman Boris Epshteyn said that excess money will be donated to charity, but didn’t give specifics.  Tags Donald Trump, Inauguration   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Schumer puts GOP on notice over... Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) has made it crystal clear... 788 Shares 2 Trump’s healthcare plan will offer... President-elect Donald Trump told the Washington Post his plan to replace... 537 Shares 3 Trump should’ve Googled John Lewis... OPINION | A look at their pasts show Lewis and Trump couldn’t be more... 467 Shares 4 Obama: Trump was a 'change... President Obama called President-elect Donald Trump a "change candidate"... 461 Shares 5 'Future of America' at stake with... “I’m certainly not going to leave this in limbo, because this is the... 346 Shares 6 Human Rights Watch lists Trump as... Human Rights Watch is listing President-elect Donald Trump as a threat to... 246 Shares 7 ‘SNL’ mocks Trump news conference “Saturday Night Live” during its latest show mocked President-elect Donald... 237 Shares 8 Trump on outgoing CIA director: ‘... President-elect Donald Trump tweeted Sunday night about outgoing CIA... 231 Shares 9 Sharpton: 'Thank God we lived in... "I am so proud of President Barack Obama." 193 Shares 10 GOP senator slams Trump: John... A Senate Republican is blasting President-elect Donald Trump's criticism... 168 Shares 11 Trump team considers evicting... President-elect Donald Trump's team is reportedly considering evicting the... 130 Shares 12 Trump tweets: SNL is ‘worst of NBC’ President-elect Donald Trump tweeted Sunday evening about “Saturday Night... 118 Shares 13 Trump to meet Putin in first... Trump spokesman denies reported meeting in Iceland. 113 Shares 14 Michael Moore to host star-studded... Alec Baldwin and Mark Ruffalo also plan to attend the rally outside Trump'... 112 Shares 15 Atlanta newspaper enters Trump,... "The district that Trump described as in ‘horrible shape’ includes Emory... 106 Shares 16 Trump tells German paper: NATO is... President-elect Donald Trump called NATO obsolete, according to a... 104 Shares 17 Trump no longer expected to visit... President-elect Donald Trump is reportedly no longer expected to visit the... 100 Shares 18 Dem senator says Lewis's comments... Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) on Sunday said he respects Rep. John Lewis (D-... 93 Shares 19 Priebus to ethics chief: 'Be... Donald Trump's incoming White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, on... 92 Shares 20 Trump thanks Bob Woodward, blasts... President-elect Donald Trump took to Twitter Sunday afternoon to again... 92 Shares 21 'Bikers for Trump' to form 'wall... “Bikers for Trump” plans to create a “wall of meat” to guard Donald Trump... 91 Shares 22 BuzzFeed editor: 'Proud we... The editor-in-chief of BuzzFeed on Sunday defended the website's decision... 87 Shares 23 Dems 'outraged' with Comey after... A number of House Democrats left Friday's confidential briefing on Russian... 78 Shares 24 Feinstein: Russia's interference... “I think that, and I think the FBI, in the October surprise, I call it an... 73 Shares 25 WHIP LIST: Democrats boycotting... More than a dozen Democrats have said that they will buck tradition and... 72 Shares 26 Scottish TV listing dubs Trump... A Scottish newspaper used its TV listings to describe President-elect... 60 Shares 27 What Obama will do after his... President Obama has no plans to set an alarm on his first morning after... 59 Shares 28 Three times as many bus permits... There have been three times as many bus parking permits requested for the... 58 Shares 29 Paul: 'Partisan' John Lewis not '... Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) on Sunday said he respects Rep. John Lewis (D-Ga... 54 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 03:01 GMT, Jan 16, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica Lockheed CEO promises cheaper F-35 & 1,800 jobs after meeting with Trump Published time: 14 Jan, 2017 01:13Edited time: 15 Jan, 2017 17:33 Get short URL U.S. President-elect Donald Trump © Shannon Stapleton / Reuters A deal for a lower-priced F-35 program could be near, as Lockheed Martin CEO Marillyn Hewson projected “thousands and thousands of jobs” and cheaper costs after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump. “I certainly share his views that we need to get the best capability to our men and women in uniform, and we have to get it at the lowest possible price,” Hewson told reporters in Trump Tower after the Friday meeting. Lockheed wouldn’t be the first major corporation to fold under the barrage of Trump’s blistering tweets, but none of the others were sitting on a weapons program estimated to cost $1.5 trillion over its lifetime, either. The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 12, 2016 Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 22, 2016 Trump tweeted twice about the F-35 in December. First he called the cost "out of control," and then 10 days later announced that he challenged Boeing to offer a "comparable F-18 Super Hornet." Trump has seemingly discarded that latter idea, after many critics pointed out there was no way an F-18 could replace the F-35’s stealth capabilities. Read more Pentagon prepares ‘misleading’ response to Senate’s F-35 concerns – report Lockheed also plans to add 1,800 jobs at its plant in Fort Worth, Texas, where the F-35s are built, Hewson said Friday, Reuters reported. Those would in turn lead to “thousands and thousands of jobs” being added in 45 states to fill out the company’s supply chain, the CEO said. While this development may please the president-elect, the whole program is still over budget and way behind schedule. In a December 19 letter to Senator John McCain (R-Arizona), Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics Frank Kendall wrote that development of the F-35’s software was being delayed seven months, resulting in a cost of “at least $500 million more than previously budgeted.” Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Blogs Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Markets Photos Videos PSUs CEO toons Personal Finance Small Business ALL News » Business » India Business News » SpiceJet strikes Rs 1.5 lakh crore deal with Boeing for 205 planes PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Cyrus Mistry voted out as director at EGM Top 10 Business Stories of 2016 RBI staff write to Urjit Patel Maruti Suzuki launches Ignis Trade deficit narrows in December Dec CPI at 2-year low SpiceJet to buy up to 205 Boeing aircraft Honoured to be appointed: Chandrasekaran SpiceJet strikes Rs 1.5 lakh crore deal with Boeing for 205 planes SpiceJet announced it will buy up to 205 Boeing planes worth $22 billion or Rs 1.5 lakh crore at list price. The low-cost carrier increased its existing order of 55 single aisle B 737-8 by 100 to 155 planes. An additional 50 planes have been placed as optional order, taking the total to 205.TNN | Jan 14, 2017, 04.48 AM IST NEW DELHI: Placing its largest ever aircraft order, SpiceJet on Friday announced it will buy up to 205 Boeing planes worth $22 billion or Rs 1.5 lakh crore at list price. The low-cost carrier (LCC) increased its existing order of 55 single aisle B 737-8 by 100 to 155 planes. An additional 50 planes — mix of wide body and B 737s — have been placed as optional order, taking the total to 205. The 155 planes on firm order will be delivered between 2018 and 2024. The list price of firm order of 100 additional planes placed now is $11billion. "We are evaluating the low-cost long haul model for which an optional order for wide body planes has been placed. There is a good market for this segment in India if a good product is offered at the right price. Imagine the demand that a fare of Rs 10,000-15,000 on Delhi-London will have," SpiceJet chairman Ajay Singh said. Asked how the airline will fund this aircraft acquisition, Singh said: "There are several options like sale-and-lease-back and Exim Bank open to us. We will opt for the most economic funding route. There will be no dilution of equity and no debt will be raised in coming years for this order." SpiceJet currently has 32 B-737s and 17 regional jets in its fleet. Singh re-acquired the LCC two years back when it was on the brink of closure. "In 2014, SpiceJet lost almost Rs 3 crore daily. The airline has been back with us for 680 days and in that time, it has had a profit of Rs 1 crore a day. This is one of the most dramatic comebacks by an airline globally," Singh said. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Buy From Gadgets Now Most Popular Maruti Suzuki launches Ignis at Rs 4.59 lakh Pak should 'neutralize' terror groups, says Donald Trump's pick for US defence secretary James Mattis Split captaincy doesn't work in India: MS Dhoni Takata to pay $1 billion for hiding defect Takata has agreed to plead guilty to a single criminal charge and will pay $1 billion in fines and restitution for a years-long scheme to conceal a deadly defect in its automotive air bag inflators. SpiceJet to buy 205 Boeing planes Budget carrier SpiceJet said that it had agreed to buy 205 new aircrafts from Boeing as part of its expansion plans in the world's fastest growing aviation market. Read MoreSpiceJetLCCExim Bankdelhi-londonBoeing Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Infosys disappoints, Q3 revenue dips How NIT-Trichy changed N Chandrasekaran’s fortunes Mukesh Ambani to infuse fresh Rs 30k cr in telecom biz Chandra’s rise puts focus on key Tata crisis managers 1SpiceJet strikes Rs 1.5 lakh crore deal with Boeing for 205 planes 2Infosys disappoints, Q3 revenue dips 3How NIT-Trichy changed N Chandrasekaran’s fortunes 4Mukesh Ambani to infuse fresh Rs 30k cr in telecom biz 5Chandra’s rise puts focus on key Tata crisis managers About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | Google Pixel Price in India | iPhone 7 Plus Review | Diwali Pooja 2016 | Bigg Boss 10 FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Currency Demonetisation Narendra Modi Arvind Kejriwal Bigg Boss 10 Rahul Gandhi Sushma Swaraj Live Score: Ranji Trophy final Filmfare Awards 2017 Ok Jaanu Review Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
News Comey in hot water with Dems while Pence refuses to say if Trump supports him Watch: Bob Woodward condemns unverified dossier on Trump that BuzzFeed published Hero dog saves owner with broken neck who laid in snowbank for 19 hours Country music legend Toby Keith defends decision to sing at Trump's inauguration Channels Glenn Beck Dana Loesch Tomi Lahren Lawrence Jones Check out all channels MyVoice Radio TV Login Join www.theblaze.com Lockheed Martin CEO emerges from meeting with Trump promising to reduce F-35 costs, add new jobs Sara Gonzales Jan 13, 2017 5:33 pm An F-35 jet arrives at it new operational base Wednesday, Sept. 2, 2015, at Hill Air Force Base, in northern Utah. Two F-35 jets touched down Wednesday afternoon at the base, about 20 miles north of Salt Lake City. A total of 72 of the fighter jets and their pilots will be permanently based in Utah. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer) 82 Follow Share Tweet After meeting with President-elect Donald Trump Friday morning, Lockheed Martin CEO Marillyn Hewson announced a plan to hire an additional 1,800 workers at their plant, as well as to lower the cost of the controversial F-35 Lightning II. Lockheed’s decision comes after Trump harshly and publicly criticized the company on Twitter last month for its “out of control” costs. Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 22, 2016 “I certainly share his views that we need to get the best capability to our men and women in uniform, and we have to get it at the lowest possible price,” Hewson told reporters on Friday. “In fact, we are going to increase our jobs in Fort Worth by 1,800 jobs and when you think about the supply chain across 45 states in the U.S. it’s going to be thousands and thousands of jobs,” Hewson added. “And I also had the opportunity to give him some ideas on things we think we can do to continue to drive the cost down on the F-35 program, so it was a great meeting.” Hewson promised to create “thousands and thousands” of new jobs across the 45 states in Lockheed Martin’s supply chain. The company’s stock shares were up one percent after she spoke with reporters Friday, Reuters reported. “I’m glad I had the opportunity to tell him that we are close to a deal that will bring the cost down significantly from the previous lot of aircraft to the next lot of aircraft and moreover it’s going to bring a lot of jobs to the United States,” Hewson said. Trump has been extremely vocal in his criticism of companies he says are taking manufacturing jobs out of the country, publicly mentioning his idea of creating a “border tax” for companies opening or expanding locations overseas. Since his election, Lockheed Martin joins Carrier and Ford as companies that have announced plans to keep more jobs in the United States. Trump has experienced somewhat less success with other companies such as Toyota, who declined to alter production plans in response to hostile tweets from Trump. The president of Toyota reportedly met with Vice President-elect Mike Pence in Washington, D.C. yesterday, but Toyota Akio Toyoda emerged from the meeting and announced no changes in plans for the auto giant, and added that he did not have plans to meet with President-elect Trump. Share Tweet Rate this story 97% 1% 0% 2% 1% Recommended from the Web 82 Comments Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! Menu × Radio TV Company Help Jobs Advertise Content Partners Tips Company Help Jobs Advertise Content Partners Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! © 2017 TheBlaze, Inc. Your use of or registration on this site constitutes your acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy × Menu News Channels MyVoice Radio TV Logout Following Saved Content Help Invite Friends Contact Jobs Advertise Content Partners Terms Privacy × × Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! × × Comment Section FAQ I'm not seeing my post to MyVoice. How come? Approved posts to MyVoice will be live on the site within a few hours. MyVoice is for posting intelligent, engaging, entertaining and thought-provoking commentary and stories, so following these guidelines will help get your post prioritized and noticed. Why is there a red near my name? Moderators assign strikes for violations of our comment policy. Strikes will disappear automatically in 24 hours, provided you have no further violations. However, if you earn three strikes within 24 hours, your account will be temporary suspended. How can I delete my comments after I’ve posted them? Please email moderation@theblaze.com to let us know you would like it removed. I’m having trouble editing and replying to comments, or I’m getting an error when I try to post. What can I do? If you notice something is not working as expected, please email us at moderation@theblaze.com. What should I do if I see someone causing trouble? You can report offending posts by clicking on the little flag icon below every post. This will automatically inform our moderators. If you spot a troublemaker, you can also email us at moderation@theblaze.com. × × Community Rules Speak your mind. Please be respectful of our rules and community. Asking people to upvote you or your post are not allowed. No spam, abuse, obscenities, off-topic comments, racial or ethnic slurs, threats, hate, comments that incite violence or excessive use of flagging permitted. Please be respectful of our community and spread some love. Any of the following may result in a permanent ban: Spam Abusive Obscene language Obscene photos Off-topic comments Racial or ethnic slurs Threats of any kind Hate messages Excessive use or the flagging (report as spam) feature Asking people to upvote your comments or posts For more information, please see our Terms of Use. Now, go have fun and speak your mind!   × × ×
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register January-February 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz Why America’s Space Launch Must be Competitive Adam Routh January 13, 2017 TweetShareShare The Sept. 1 pad explosion that resulted in SpaceX losing a Falcon 9 rocket and the associated commercial communications satellite may have been frustrating to those responsible for the mission or financial costs, but looking at the data and trend analysis associated with space launches gives a reason to have confidence that SpaceX will successfully return to space with a launch on Saturday, Jan. 14. Moreover, there should be broad encouragement for such a fast and robust recovery in that such a highly adaptive and efficient space launch company (or two or three or five) is just what this country needs. The U.S. (to include both government and private industry) needs a competition driven launch industry wherein a healthy free market rivalry brings down cost, promotes innovation, and expands market opportunities. Without competition, the U.S. would continue to face stagnant launch system development, shoulder increasing costs, and accept limited access to space. Putting people and satellites into orbit around the earth has been, historically, very expensive. What’s more, until 2012 there was very little market incentive to lower costs. However, in this decade new companies like Blue Origin, Orbital ATK and SpaceX created a new market incentive by forming themselves as privately funded companies seeking to join the space launch sector. Before 2012 NASA’s traditional launch partners, Lockheed Martin and Boeing (which merged their launch sectors in 2006 to form United Launch Alliance), were the only private sector U.S. companies to receive government contracts as a launch service. While ULA can proudly point to its perfect launch record, until SpaceX entered the market in 2012, the joint Boeing and Lockheed venture presented static launch vehicle designs and either flat or rising cost curves. To place cargo in low-earth orbit, SpaceX currently charges $4,653 per-kilogram, Orbital ATK has a medium rate of $28,000 per kilogram, ULA charges $14,000-$39,000 per-kilogram , and finally, the cost to use Russian launch systems between 2006 and 2018 is estimated to be $3.4 billion for 64 total seats to ferry astronauts to and from the International Space Station. What’s more, in a study conducted by NASA to estimate the cost to develop the Falcon 9 launch vehicle using two different approaches (traditional NASA environment and culture approach and a commercial development approach), NASA assessed that the commercial cost was considerably less than anything the NASA culture/environment could have produced. In NASA’s research, they estimated that SpaceX could produce the Falcon 9 for $443 million compared to NASA’s $1.38 billion. Because of this innovative and competition driven strategy SpaceX, at the tender age of 14, has already been awarded $10 billion in contracts from both the government and private industry despite the launch failures SpaceX has experienced along the way. This is a good thing. It shows the market’s trust in the commercial sector broadly and SpaceX specifically, and there is hope that other smaller commercial companies can join the competition. Despite the Sept. 1 anomaly, SpaceX still has a stellar (pun intended) record. According to defense analyst at Forecast International, SpaceX’s reliability with the Falcon 9 is still 93 percent compared to the industry average of 95 percent. Let’s also not forget that SpaceX is the only organization to launch and land a booster stage for the purpose of reuse not once, but six, times.  Bottom line, launching a rocket into space is highly complicated but if the failure is met with a persistent determination to innovate and compete, the market can bear their occurrence.    Pages 1 2 3 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Adam Routh China's Latest Plan to Squeeze Taiwan: Steal Its Allies Can Washington and Taipei resist the pressure? Russell Hsiao Russia Returns to Afghanistan Russia could ally with China and Pakistan to create an alternative bloc to the U.S-led coalition. Arif Rafiq Trump Can Stand Up to China Without Sparking War Trump should stick to his objectives and play the long game. Michael Pillsbury Latest Issue January-February 2017 Trump Will Face a Cornucopia of Global Threats Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular In 1961, Russia's Tested the Most Powerful Nuclear Weapon Ever (But Was Completely Unusable) Why Barack Obama's Presidency Failed The U.S. Navy's Master Plan to 'Sink' Russia and China (Or Anyone Else) Russia Returns to Afghanistan Green Beret: U.S. Fighting 100 Year War Is America Becoming a Third World Country? Iran at Putin’s Mercy Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
EDITION US عربي (Arabi) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) South Africa United Kingdom United States NEWS WorldPost Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Election Results Eat the Press HuffPost Hill Candidate Confessional So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Sports Comedy Celebrity Books Entertainment TV Arts + Culture WELLNESS Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Weddings Divorce Sleep WHAT'S WORKING Impact Green Good News Global Health VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Religion Queer Voices Parents Teen College VIDEO ALL SECTIONS Arts + Culture Black Voices Books Business Candidate Confessional Celebrity College Comedy Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Election Results Entertainment Fifty Good News Green Healthy Living Highline Home Horoscopes HuffPost Data HuffPost Hill Impact Latino Voices Media Outspeak Parents Politics Pollster Queer Voices Religion Science Small Business So That Happened Sports Style Taste Tech Teen TestKitchen Travel TV Weddings Weird News Women WorldPost FEATURED Hawaii OWN Quiet Revolution Don't Stress the Mess Endeavor Fearless Dreamers Generation Now Inspiration Generation Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit What's Working: Small Businesses THE BLOG The Four Biggest Mistakes Entrepreneurs Make Every Day 01/13/2017 03:44 pm ET Michael Levin NYT Bestselling Author, Amazon Kindle #1 Business Book Author; CEO, BusinessGhost.com, BooksAreMyBabies.com, NY Daily News columnist It's convenient to describe a successful businessperson as a rock star, but in Jeet Singh's case, the guy really is a rock star. Singh was born in Stockholm and lived in Madrid, Moscow, Saigon, Bogotá, Uganda, and the Himalayas before attending MIT. His international perspective gives him a broader view of what the world needs than the average entrepreneur. In addition to founding Redstar Ventures and Redstar Media, Singh is also a highly acclaimed singer/songwriter. I spoke with him about what mistakes he sees entrepreneurs making repeatedly. He pointed out four. So here's the first big mistake entrepreneurs make: They aim for too big an exit in order to attract venture capital funding. "Venture capitalists are looking for billion dollar exits," Singh says. "As a result, entrepreneurs plan their business ventures to be huge enough to attract venture money. In reality, they would be much better off if they scaled down their expectations and aimed for something more modest." Getting funded by venture capitalists might be the holy grail for most entrepreneurs, Singh acknowledges. But all too often, it's the wrong goal. "VCs force entrepreneurs," he says, "who otherwise might have a more modest and more realistic expectation for building a business into shooting for the moon. "They'll get the entrepreneurs to take a lot of money, but if the business doesn't scale quickly, the VCs will consider it a failure and shut it down." The alternative, Singh says, is to have a company with 10 or 20 employees that's making solid money. "Maybe you're not a billionaire," Singh says, "but you have a job, you're making money, and things are good. VCs have no interest in helping with that. Unless you're on a really fast track, they'll shut you down." The second big mistake entrepreneurs make, according to Singh, is to pick a product without first considering the scale of the market. "Get out of your own shoes," Singh says. "Most people don't look at the scale of the market first. Are there enough people like you who you think should be buying this product? Just because you want to build a product doesn't mean it's a good idea." The third big mistake entrepreneurs make is to ignore the fact that large-scale businesses usually make much more money than small businesses. "Much of business is B2B," Singh says. "For example, if you can sell widgets to Boeing, you're going to make a lot of money. Yet most young entrepreneurs have no idea that they should be thinking about B2B. They have no idea that that market exists at all." Entrepreneurs, Singh suggests, tend to focus on consumer products, because they experience the world as consumers and not necessarily as providers of, as in the example he provides, with widgets to Boeing. Singh describes the B2B world as "opaque" to most entrepreneurs; instead of ignoring it, they should start to figure it out. The fourth big mistake entrepreneurs make is to pick a market in which there are no investors. "You can have the best idea in the world," Singh says, "but if there are no investors in that market, you're dead. No one's willing to fund it. "And if there are no companies in that space who might buy you five or 10 years from now, you'll still be dead, because you won't be able to exit, no matter how good your idea is." Singh says that companies often overcome enormous odds to create the product they want to create, "only to realize there are only 20 people in the world who want to buy the thing. Or no one wants to fund it, or no one wants to buy your company from you. "You've spent 10 years of your life slogging away trying to build a product," he says, "but you never stopped to ask 'will anyone want this product, and will anyone want this company?' "Looking at outcomes first is a discipline that most entrepreneurs aren't taught," he concludes. "I learned it the hard way, and that's the thing I try to teach young entrepreneurs. Don't just think about what you think is going to be great, because you may not be very representative of the vast majority of people in the world, or even of the people living in the United States." Jeet Singh Follow Michael Levin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@Business_Ghost More: Entrepreneurship Entrepreneurs Business Mistakes Learning From Mistakes Comments From Our Partners Presented by LendingTree Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW THE MORNING EMAIL The Morning Email helps you start your workday with everything you need to know: breaking news, entertainment and a dash of fun. Learn more Newsletter 95.6 K 464 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat The Four Biggest Mistakes Entrepreneurs Make Every Day NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost Impact
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Markets » News IP Rings hits new high ahead of rights issue Business Standard SpiceJet shares soar over 4% on Boeing deal worth Rs 1,50,000 crore It earlier ordered for 55 planes and additional 100 new 737-8 MAX aircraft Press Trust of India  |  New Delhi  January 13, 2017 Last Updated at 13:22 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UScx0n ALSO READ SpiceJet shareholders clear Rs 15 cr pay for MD Ajay Singh SpiceJet, Ajay Singh move HC against order to deposit Rs 579 cr IndiGo, SpiceJet raise security concerns over 100% FDI norms in aviation SpiceJet Q1 net profit up 104%, stock rises 16% SpiceJet to place order for 90-100 new planes Shares of SpiceJet rose over 4 per cent today after the company announced a deal worth Rs 1,50,000 crore with Boeing to purchase up to 205 new aircraft. Reacting to the news, shares of the company jumped 4.14 per cent to Rs 66.55 on BSE. With the earlier order for 55 planes and additional 100 new 737-8 MAX aircraft, the no-frills carrier now has firmed up an order for a total of 155 planes, besides purchase rights for 50 B737-8 MAX and wide body aircraft. Announcing the deal here today, SpiceJet Chairman and Managing Director Ajay Singh said the total order of 205 aircraft is valued at Rs 1,50,000 crore ($22 billion). "This is one of the largest deals in Indian aviation and the largest for SpiceJet," Singh said. Read More On Ajay Singh | Spicejet | Shares | Bse PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? SpiceJet shares soar over 4% on Boeing deal worth Rs 1,50,000 crore It earlier ordered for 55 planes and additional 100 new 737-8 MAX aircraft It earlier ordered for 55 planes and additional 100 new 737-8 MAX aircraft Shares of SpiceJet rose over 4 per cent today after the company announced a deal worth Rs 1,50,000 crore with Boeing to purchase up to 205 new aircraft. Reacting to the news, shares of the company jumped 4.14 per cent to Rs 66.55 on BSE. With the earlier order for 55 planes and additional 100 new 737-8 MAX aircraft, the no-frills carrier now has firmed up an order for a total of 155 planes, besides purchase rights for 50 B737-8 MAX and wide body aircraft. Announcing the deal here today, SpiceJet Chairman and Managing Director Ajay Singh said the total order of 205 aircraft is valued at Rs 1,50,000 crore ($22 billion). "This is one of the largest deals in Indian aviation and the largest for SpiceJet," Singh said. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 SpiceJet shares soar over 4% on Boeing deal worth Rs 1,50,000 crore It earlier ordered for 55 planes and additional 100 new 737-8 MAX aircraft Shares of SpiceJet rose over 4 per cent today after the company announced a deal worth Rs 1,50,000 crore with Boeing to purchase up to 205 new aircraft. Reacting to the news, shares of the company jumped 4.14 per cent to Rs 66.55 on BSE. With the earlier order for 55 planes and additional 100 new 737-8 MAX aircraft, the no-frills carrier now has firmed up an order for a total of 155 planes, besides purchase rights for 50 B737-8 MAX and wide body aircraft. Announcing the deal here today, SpiceJet Chairman and Managing Director Ajay Singh said the total order of 205 aircraft is valued at Rs 1,50,000 crore ($22 billion). "This is one of the largest deals in Indian aviation and the largest for SpiceJet," Singh said. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Business News / Security Industry Lockheed Martin CEO finalizing F-35 deal with Trump By Ryan Maass   |   Jan. 13, 2017 at 3:19 PM Follow @upi Comments | License Photo Sign up for our Security newsletter WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 (UPI) -- Lockheed Martin CEO Marillyn Hewson met with U.S. President-elect Donald Trump to discuss ongoing negotiations for the next batch of F-35 aircraft. The F-35 program, an international effort led by the U.S.-based defense contractor to produce a 5th-generation multirole fighter jet, has been marked by controversy as a result of delays and cost overruns. While the planes have been procured by U.S. and allied armed forces alike, the program's continuity was thrown into doubt after the president-elect tweeted the production costs were "out of control." Trump also suggested modernizing existing fighters such as Boeing's F/A-18 Super Hornet or the F-22 Raptor in lieu of additional F-35 purchases. After meeting with Trump in New York on Friday, Hewson says the her company and the Department of Defense are coming closer to a deal. "I just had a great meeting with President-elect Trump on the F-35 program," Hewson said in a statement. "I share his view that we must deliver this critical capability for our men and women in uniform at the lowest possible cost to our taxpayers." Hewson went on to add the company is finalizing a new contract that reduces the price for the next 90 aircraft, a deal that would add 1,800 new jobs at its facility in Fort Worth, Texas. "I also had the opportunity to share some of our ideas on how to continue to drive the cost down in the F-35," she added. "I look forward to continuing to work together with President-elect Trump to drive the costs down on this critical military capability." Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Leonardo forms new U.K. company, consolidates businesses Eurofighter signs support deals for Typhoon fighters Italy joins EUROSAM's Aster 30 B1NT program Comments Topics: Donald Trump Latest Headlines Sparton Corporation, Ultra Electronics to produce sonobuoys 2 days ago COLUMBIA CITY, Ind., Jan. 13 (UPI) -- Sparton Corporation and Ultra Electronics Holdings are to receive $30.3 million subcontracts for the manufacture of sonobuoys for the U.S. Navy. Eurofighter signs support deals for Typhoon fighters 2 days ago HALLBERGMOOS, Germany, Jan. 13 (UPI) -- Eurofighter Jagdflugzeug GmbH has signed two contracts for the support of Typhoon fighters flown by four NATO countries. Italy joins EUROSAM's Aster 30 B1NT program 2 days ago ROME, Jan. 13 (UPI) -- EUROSAM, a consortium formed by Thales Group and MBDA Systems, has formally welcomed Italy to its Aster 30 Block 1 NT program. BAE Systems producing howitzers for India 2 days ago ARLINGTON, Va., Jan. 13 (UPI) -- BAE Systems is producing ultra-lightweight howitzers for the Indian army as a result of a Foreign Military Sales deal between the Indian and U.S. governments. U.S. Navy's ALMDS reaches initial operating capability 2 days ago MELBOURNE, Fla., Jan. 13 (UPI) -- Northrop Grumman's AN/AES-1 Airborne Laser Mine Detection System has achieved initial operational capability with the U.S. Navy. U.S. Navy helos getting Lockheed Martin counter-missile capability 2 days ago SYRACUSE, N.Y., Jan. 13 (UPI) -- U.S. Navy MH-60R or MH-60S helicopters are to receive an enhanced electronic warfare system for defeating anti-ship missiles. U.S. Navy expecting USS Gerald R. Ford delivery in April 3 days ago WASHINGTON, Jan. 12 (UPI) -- The U.S. Navy is set to receive the USS Gerald R. Ford supercarrier as soon as April, the branch announced. India launches second Scorpene-class submarine 3 days ago MUMBAI, Jan. 12 (UPI) -- A second Indian-built Scorpene-class submarine was launched in Mumbai for the Indian navy Thursday by Mazagon Dock Shipyard Limited. SECNAV picks Charleston for USS Ralph Johnson commissioning 3 days ago WASHINGTON, Jan. 12 (UPI) -- U.S. Navy Secretary Ray Mabus has announced the selection of Charleston, S.C., as the commissioning site for the future USS Ralph Johnson. GenDyn offers Bluefin SandShark mini-drone for sale online 3 days ago PITTSFIELD, Mass., Jan. 12 (UPI) -- A small autonomous underwater vehicle for defense and commercial use in now available for purchase online from General Dynamics Mission Systems. Trending Stories U.S. Navy helos getting Lockheed Martin counter-missile capability Eurofighter signs support deals for Typhoon fighters U.S. Navy expecting USS Gerald R. Ford delivery in April BAE Systems producing howitzers for India Egypt set for a gas turnaround More Collections Who's who in Trump's administration Best of CES 2017 Winners backstage at the 2017 Golden Globes Presidential speeches: Obama through the years ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments500+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Checkpoint Lockheed Martin CEO tells Trump the cost of F-35 will be ‘significantly’ lower The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Aaron Gregg January 13 Follow @Post_AG Lockheed Martin Chief Executive Marillyn Hewson met with President-elect Trump in New York, Jan. 13. Hewson said she told him, "we are close to a deal that will bring the cost down significantly from the previous lot of aircraft to the next lot of aircraft." (The Washington Post) Emerging from a meeting with President-elect Donald Trump at Trump Tower in New York on Friday, Lockheed Martin chief executive Marillyn Hewson told reporters that the Bethesda, Md.-based defense giant is close to a new contract deal that would cut the cost of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program and also create jobs. “We had the opportunity to talk to [Trump] about the F-35 program, and I certainly share his views that we need to get the best capability to our men and women in uniform and we have to get it at the lowest possible price,” Hewson said. “So I’m glad I had the opportunity to tell him that we are close to a deal that will bring the cost down significantly from the previous lot of aircraft to the next lot of aircraft and moreover it’s going to bring a lot of jobs to the United States.” She went on to say that the company would create 1,800 jobs related to the program in Fort Worth as part of the new contract deal. Lockheed Martin estimates the program accounts for 38,900 jobs in Texas, and the plane’s supply chain touches 45 states. Lockheed shares climbed nearly 1 percent on the news. “I also had the opportunity to give him some ideas on things we think we can do to continue to drive the cost down on the F-35 program, so it was a great meeting,” Hewson said. In recent months, the president-elect has not been shy about taking to social media to criticize or heap praise on individual companies and military programs. A Dec. 6 tweet bashed Chicago-based Boeing for what he referred to as the “out of control” cost of the Air Force One presidential airplane. Weeks later he turned in Boeing’s favor at the expense of Lockheed, tweeting that he had asked the company to “price out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet” because of the F-35’s high costs. He also briefly brought up the F-35 in a Wednesday news conference intended to clarify his business conflicts, saying he would “do some big things” with the program and find a way to trim costs and improve the plane. Voices on both sides of the political aisle criticized the F-35 program’s cost long before Trump took up the issue. Each plane costs more than $100 million, though Lockheed expects the price to fall as the program matures. The 15-year-old program has been beset by delays, and the fighter has never flown in combat. Still, Trump’s pick for defense secretary, James N. Mattis, told lawmakers the president-elect remains a supporter of program. “Many of our allies have bet their air superiority on the F-35 program, and it bonds us tightly together with them,” he said during a hearing on his nomination this week. “The president-elect has talked about the cost of [the F-35], but he has in no way shown a lack of support for the program. He just wants the best bang for the buck.” Abby Phillip contributed to this report. world national-security checkpoint Get 2016 Olympics updates by email Our best news and analysis from Rio, delivered to your inbox. post_newsletter333 magnet-olympics2016 false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters world national-security checkpoint Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 500+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Aaron Gregg covers the local economy for Capital Business, the Post’s local business section. He studied music (Jazz guitar) and political science at Emory University in Atlanta, and has a graduate degree in public policy from Georgetown. Follow @Post_AG 561 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 There’s no joy in Moscow after tough talk from Trump appointees 2 As Brexit tremors ripple, the Rock of Gibraltar shudders 3 France urges Trump not to move U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem 4 Back on the Mekong Delta, John Kerry meets a man who once tried to kill him and finds exoneration 5 A Norwegian preschool is under fire for its latest field trip — to a reindeer slaughterhouse Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game world national-security checkpoint Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
null
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Lockheed Martin CEO meets Trump, says deal to lower F-35 costs is close News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Lockheed Martin CEO meets Trump, says deal to lower F-35 costs is close Lockheed Martin Corp is close to a deal to significantly lower the cost of its F-35 aircraft, Chief Executive Officer Marillyn Hewson said on Friday after meeting with U.S. President-elect Donald Trump. Posted 14 Jan 2017 01:50 Updated 14 Jan 2017 02:40 Lockheed Martin's logo is seen during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo, Japan, October 12, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: Lockheed Martin Corp is close to a deal to significantly lower the cost of its F-35 aircraft, Chief Executive Officer Marillyn Hewson said on Friday after meeting with U.S. President-elect Donald Trump. "I certainly share his views that we need to get the best capability to our men and women in uniform, and we have to get it at the lowest possible price," Hewson said to reporters in Trump Tower. Hewson had previously assured Trump she would drive down the cost of the company's fighter jet, after he tweeted last month that he was asking rival aerospace company Boeing Co whether it could offer a cheaper alternative to the F-35. Trump has threatened and rebuked some of America's largest companies, creating a new business risk for those who have been or fear being targeted. Costs for Lockheed's F-35 program had escalated to an estimated US$379 billion. The program accounted for 20 percent of the company's total revenue of US$46.1 billion last year. Boeing's F-18, the plane Trump floated as a possible alternative, is an older generation aircraft that lacks the stealth capabilities of the F-35. Hewson also said Lockheed plans to increase jobs at its Fort Worth, Texas, facility by 1,800, which she said would add "thousands and thousands of jobs" across the supply chain in 45 U.S. states. Lockheed shares were up 1 percent after her comments on Friday. (Reporting by Jonathan Allen in New York; Additional reporting by Emily Stephenson in Washington; Writing by Susan Heavey; Editing by Bernard Orr) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian golden shower saga - as gleeful Alec Baldwin insists 'Trump just hands it to us in a basket with a big bow' The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who's studied the subject for 20 years  Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex with other women Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the wealth of 3.6billion people Samsung finds faulty BATTERIES caused Galaxy Note 7s to burst into flames and prompted a massive recall that could cost the firm $19 BILLION EXCLUSIVE: Meghan Markle's half-brother 'is going through a pretty rough time' as he apologizes for getting arrested after putting gun to new girlfriend's head in drunken row Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  Connecticut politician who was arrested for grabbing a woman's groin insists the 'little pinch' was a 'playful gesture'  Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed:  Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by tragic author is found under concentration camp gas chamber and traced to girl born a month before her How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a vicious cop killer Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog in his car because she was unhappy in her marriage' Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk foods  Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those pesky plane rules revealed Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged 63 What do you think, Watson? Did Russia's state broadcaster LEAK the latest episode of BBC's Sherlock? More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at The Donald's inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on inauguration day Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling discredited Moscow hookers 'dirty dossier' a 'garbage document' Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day over 'scheduling issue' after spat with John Lewis   Previous Next Now Trump is nearing a deal to cut costs of troubled F-35 fighter jet - and its maker says more new U.S. jobs will result Lockheed Martin Corp is close to a deal to significantly lower the cost of its F-35 aircraft, CEO Marillyn Hewson said after meeting with Trump Troubled program has seen costs soar and Trump tweeted a threat to consider the F-18 Super Hornet as an alternative  Hewson said she planed to add 1,800 jobs in Fort Worth, Texas, and said the program would bring 'thousands and thousands' of supply chain jobs By Reuters Published: 13:42 EST, 13 January 2017 | Updated: 18:23 EST, 13 January 2017 e-mail 3 View comments Lockheed Martin Corp is close to a deal to significantly lower the cost of its F-35 aircraft, Chief Executive Officer Marillyn Hewson said on Friday after meeting with U.S. President-elect Donald Trump. 'I certainly share his views that we need to get the best capability to our men and women in uniform, and we have to get it at the lowest possible price,' Hewson said to reporters in Trump Tower. Hewson had previously assured Trump she would drive down the cost of the company's fighter jet, after he tweeted last month that he was asking rival aerospace company Boeing Co whether it could offer a cheaper alternative to the F-35, based on its existing F-18 Super Hornet. Trump has threatened and rebuked some of America's largest companies, creating a new business risk for those who have been or fear being targeted. Deal: Lockheed CEO Marillyn Hewson said after meeting with Trump: 'I certainly share his views that we need to get the best capability to our men and women in uniform.' Trump tweeted last month that he was asking rival aerospace company Boeing Co whether it could offer a cheaper alternative to the F-35 RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Comedian and host Steve Harvey to assist Trump to bring... Mad Dog Mattis is on his way to the Pentagon: Congress votes... Share this article Share Costs for Lockheed's F-35 program had escalated to an estimated $379 billion. The program accounted for 20 percent of the company's total revenue of $46.1 billion last year. Boeing's F-18, the plane Trump floated as a possible alternative, is an older generation aircraft that lacks the stealth capabilities of the F-35. Hewson also said Lockheed plans to increase jobs at its Fort Worth, Texas, facility by 1,800, which she said would add 'thousands and thousands of jobs' across the supply chain in 45 U.S. states. Lockheed shares were up 1 percent after her comments on Friday. HOW DOES IT COMPARE WITH ITS 1970S PREDECESSOR, THE F-16 JET?  F-35 Role:  Stealth multirole fighter First flight:  December 15, 2006 Unit cost (not including engine):  F-35A - $98million F-35B - $104million F-35C - $116million  Number built: 115 (as of November 2014)  Length: 15.67m Wingspan: 10.7m Height: 4.33m Max speed (F-35A): 1,930kph Armament:  One of the most highly-anticipated features of the F-35 armament is the Small Diameter Bomb II (SBD II).The bomb is able to guide towards its target using laser, imaging infrared or radar homing. It can hit moving or stationary targets in any weather, or at night, with unprecedented reliability and accuracy. The 'super weapon' is predicted to be the most versatile air-to-ground munition in the Pentagon's air combat inventory. The cost per SDB II is said to be around $250,000 and the US military plans on buying as many as 17,000 of them.  F-16 Role:  Multirole fighter  First flight: January 20, 1974 Unit cost: F-16A/B - $14.6million F-16C/D - $18.8million  Number built: 4,540+  Length: 15.06m Wingspan: 9.96m Height: 4.88m  Max speed (F-16C): 2,120kph Combat history:   The F-16 has served in the Air Forces of 26 nations, including the U.S., Israel, Egypt, the Netherlands, Denmark and Norway. During Operation Desert Storm, the 1991 assault on Iraq, F-16s flew over 13,000 operations, more than any other Coalition aircraft. The U.S. has employed the F-16 in operations over the Balkans, Afghanistan and Libya.   At its production peak in 1987, the F-16 team in Fort Worth was also making history, by producing 30 F-16s in just 30 days.  Thanks to frequent upgrades improving and incorporating new technologies into the cockpit, avionics, sensors and weapons, the aircraft has become more reliable over its 40 years. Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (3) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport on Sunday Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood She's usually seen in her beloved active wear 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga Sweet picture shows him relaxing at home Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape 'I am incredibly sorry for my actions': Meghan Markle's half-brother apologizes to his family for drunken incident that saw him put a gun to his girlfriend's head  Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  Enjoying reconciliation Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daughter Daisy is just three months old Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  Is making a comeback Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Wowed in Italy  'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Awkward! All three of Status Quo rocker Rick Parfitt's wives plan to say a last farewell at his funeral on Thursday  The star will be laid to rest on Thursday  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Star-studded showing at the ex-Spice Girl's party 'I'm a human vacuum cleaner!' Jessica Biel jokes she survives on son Silas's leftovers by 'shoveling the last few bites off his plate' It's all she gets! Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe Are Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi moving to Australia? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of a $5.8  mansion down under 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend True story about three black mathematicians  The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends Lawyer turned Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try and get the perfect beach shot  How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear  A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt     DON'T MISS Momager dearest: Pushy A-list mothers don't just want the best for their children - these 'mummy managers' want it all Victoria Beckham is one Dick Gautier best known for playing Hymie The Robot in the 1960s sitcom Get Smart dies at age 85 The actor passed away on Friday night  'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with Reese Witherspoon 'We talk about everything' A roofdeck with Empire State views and a Jacuzzi bathroom: Fox News anchor Shep Smith puts his $4.9m condo on the market for the second time Robin Thicke takes police to ex's home after son refuses to leave mom's side: Singer leaves empty handed after cops refuse to take child against his will 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check Looking fresh-faced President Obama says he and the First Family are ready to leave the 'bubble' of the White House and reveals Michelle has never liked the spotlight 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico 'Periods can be unpredictable!' Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer speaks out after paparazzi caught her with a blood stain on her white bikini Mohamed Hadid, 68, enjoys date night with glamorous fiancée Shiva Safai, 30... as ex-wife Yolanda steps out solo Yolanda is a real housewife 'In a Marilyn Monroe mood': Courtney Stodden channels her favorite Hollywood icon by sipping wine while posing in red bra and skirt Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip She also rode a dune buggy in the desert  He gets the cars and she gets the dogs! Johnny Depp and Amber Heard divide up their assets as their divorce is finalised  Court documents reveal Mario Lopez among the victims of California mudslide chaos: Backyard of star's $2m hillside mansion collapses onto the street below after record rainstorms  Billie Lourd vacations in Cabo with boyfriend Taylor Lautner... after deaths of mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Getting away from it all Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo Cute kitten! By George! Babywear duo celebrate $6m backing for US growth after Royal Prince steps out in robe and slippers When he met US President Obama Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen She'll play a secretary 'Now THAT'S a legend!': Tom Jones has his fellow judges on their feet and sends Twitter into a frenzy with his rendition of Great Balls of Fire on The Voice UK Proud dad David Beckham shares sweet photo of daughter Harper's ballet shoes on Instagram... after busy week at London Fashion Week Men's Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC Split! Zoey Deutch and boyfriend Avan Jogia end their relationship after five years together A source told the publication that the split was 'amicable'  Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Competition! 'The choice will always be them': Nicole Kidman, 49, reveals she opted out of Broadway stop of Photograph 51 to be with her daughters Opening up Hugh Bonneville's bottom line: I'll do a Downton Abbey film... but please take my name off the dog's behind!  Cute labrador 'I believe in democracy': Nicole Kidman hits out at critics who branded her a 'Trump supporter' after BBC interview Fans were shocked Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  No suit and tie for this rapper! Snoop Dogg, 45, keeps it casual in Adidas jacket as he hits LA hotspot Catch The 45-year-old rapper spent some time with one of his sons  'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX Having a laugh Heroic former New York Giants football player rescues elderly man trapped on a burning roof Ex-New York Giants linebacker Cole Farrand Californians prefer Narcos while Florida binges on Bloodline: Top Netflix shows viewed in each state are revealed - and most like watching shows filmed close to home 'So jet lagged I can't sleep': Kim Kardashian plays with Snapchat filters as she suffers from insomnia in Dubai The 36-year-old star is back on social media Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week Royal Wedding hotel The Goring celebrates record-breaking success as profits hit $2.5m The Middleton family stayed there before the Royal Wedding in 2011 Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want Gavin Rossdale Sliding down the banister and checking out the view: Jenna Bush Hager shares images of Sasha and Malia Obama's very first visit to the White House It's no yolk! Gwyneth Paltrow's website Goop is selling eccentric stone sex eggs which improve 'orgasms and muscle tone' Shared tips Jet-setting taking its toll? Make-up free Kendall Jenner displays blemished complexion as she touches down in NYC The 21-year-old model  Grocery run! Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani take her son Apollo shopping in Whole Foods in Beverly Hills Have been dating a year EXCLUSIVE: Padma Lakshmi and ex Adam Dell spotted together five years after custody test proved millionaire  was the father of Top Chef host's daughter  Honeymoon bliss? Newlyweds Margot Robbie and Tom Ackerley share romantic beachside snap from mystery holiday location Instagram snap She's a classic! Jennifer Lopez shows of her iconic bottom in tight leggings during shopping trip in Beverly Hills Rocked a sporty look That's my boy! Jennifer Hudson melts the hearts of viewers by bringing sweet son David onstage to help her judge in new episode of The Voice 'I signed the contract': Chase McNary found out he wasn't The Bachelor the day before Nick Viall was announced Didn't make the cut for the popular dating show No flashback necessary! 50-year-old Cindy Crawford looks stunning in a makeup-free selfie on Instagram At her Malibu home Fadi Fawaz looks downbeat as he grabs a coffee near lover George Michael's London home as it emerges he called his nephew after discovering the singer's body  Worth its weight in gold! Caitlyn Jenner treats herself to 24-carat facial... ahead of controversial appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration 'He was basically committing suicide': Lamar Odom admits his Nevada brothel bender was 'despicable'... after revealing he wants 'wife' Khloe back 'Saint' George Michael immortalised in mural by Sydney street artist behind infamous Kanye kissing Kanye painting The work of artist Scott Marsh Nick Jonas rocks a slick tailored look as he hits the FROW at Emporio Armani during Milan Men's Fashion Week A double-breasted suit  Taking the high road! Gerard Butler goes on hike with ex-girlfriend Morgan Brown...two months after it was claimed they called it quits Coordinated couple! Kylie Jenner and Tyga lounge about in black hoodies in Beverly Hills Lounging about against a planter in the middle of the pavement His Dreamgirl! Eddie Murphy, 55, and girlfriend Paige Butcher, 37, go on coffee run hand in hand in Studio City Pair looked content  Jaden Smith gets creative with his camera on the streets of NYC... before confessing his fear of telling father Will he has 'failed' in social media meltdown Bella Hadid puts on a brave face as she steps out in New York amid claims she feels 'betrayed by pal Selena Gomez dating her ex The Weeknd' Mariah Carey, 46, showcases her toned pins in skintight leggings as she enjoys dinner with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka, 33, and children in London Ryan Gosling keeps things casually cool in a biker jacket and sunglasses as he touches down in LA after glitzy La La Land screening in London Make-up free Alicia Keys rocks double denim and funky patterned trousers as she touches down in LA The soulful singer cut a stylish figure 'It will sell out in minutes': Fifty Shades franchise to be turned into a MUSICAL after author E.L. James 'embarks on secret talks with theatre bosses' Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  'I rue the day I had that thought': Woody Harrelson admits nerves ahead of his upcoming LIVE movie Lost In London co-starring Owen Wilson Helena Bonham Carter flaunts her eclectic style as she wraps up in dolly coat while enjoying a sandwich in New York The 50-year-old actress displayed her kooky style 'Well that backfired!': CBB bosses face furious backlash from fans as Austin Armacost's awkward SHOCK eviction leaves viewers puzzled Rupert Grint joins Bryan Cranston at Crackle press conference as the Harry Potter star promotes new TV series in the UK Hogwarts alum 'Ready to partyyyyyy!' Sofia Vergara posts festive Instagram photos from belated 40th birthday party for husband Joe Manganiello What!? Kim Kardashian's jaw drops after she incorrectly guesses carat weight of her gorgeous diamond engagement ring Impressive knowledge Arriving in style! Gigi Hadid wears all black outfit topped with orange knit hat for evening flight to New York Hid behind her outfit  'We didn't kiss for a very long time': Jessica Biel reveals she took things slow with husband Justin Timberlake at start of their romance 'I was sort of caught off guard': Nick Viall admits he felt 'a little uncomfortable' by topless Corinne Olympios on The Bachelor Saint West screams with horror as he meets Santa Claus while concerned big sister North looks on Trip to Father Christmas didn't go as planned  Birthday in paradise! Kristin Cavallari celebrates turning 30th in Mexico wearing bikini by Audrina Patridge Showed off her toned tummy on the milestone 'Your siblings are worth a thousand friends': Yolanda Hadid shares sweet snap of her three children Gigi, Bella, and Anwar Hadid Adorable trio Blonde moment! Kylie Jenner flaunts her cleavage in tiny negligee while teasing secret new project Showed off her curves in dark photos  Kat Graham is leggy and lovely in velvet at the swanky opening of New York City's BUILD Studio The Switzerland-born stunner wore an eccentric outfit   Johnny Depp sues 'fraudulent' business managers for $25MILLION after he was forced to sell his French village to settle his debts  Top of the crops! Jessica Hart showcases her toned midriff and arms as she flashes the flesh at the GEM Awards Showed off some skin She's certainly not shy! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray poses NAKED in sultry selfie... six months after skinny dip with the pop star 'It's like going to rehab!' Chris Harrison reveals The Bachelor secrets... and what he really thinks of Nick Viall Has hosted Bachelor Nation for 14 years  Right at home! Teresa Giudice, 44, showcases slender physique in clingy beaded jumpsuit during photo shoot in her house  Sparkled for a shoot Cheap eats! Denise Richards, 45, looks effortlessly stunning and shows her thrifty side as she grabs a budget sandwich with daughter Sam 'Mad love for this one': Britney Spears tweets steamy shirtless photo of rumoured boyfriend Sam Asghari Sent fans crazy with snap of alleged flame  Bombshell in black! Lady Gaga bares her midriff in skimpy crop top as she heads to Starbucks with a friend Went for an out-of-character casual look  Pretty Little Liars star Lucy Hale and her boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta share a laugh as they stock up on groceries together in Los Angeles  How Emma Stone plotted her path to Hollywood to combat crippling anxiety: An inspiring story with uncanny echoes of her story behind La La Land  Today's headlines Most Read College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS... 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian... The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who’s studied the... Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and... Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex... Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the... Samsung Electronics finds faulty BATTERIES caused the Galaxy Note 7s to burst into flames and prompted a... EXCLUSIVE: Meghan Markle's half-brother 'is going through a pretty rough time' as he apologizes after... Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his... Connecticut politician who was arrested for grabbing a woman's groin insists the 'little pinch' was a... Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens... 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is... Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole... Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by... How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a... Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog... Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk... Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those... Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged... Did Russia's state broadcaster leak the latest episode of Sherlock? BBC launches investigation after... More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent... Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on... Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling... Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day after... Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant... Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's... REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California... 'Trump's election has led to a deep sense of uncertainty': Incoming president 'casts a shadow' over Davos... ‘I’ll make Brexit a great thing’: Trump promises Britain a quick and fair trade deal with America but... MORE HEADLINES 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for 'pathetic' video which shows them singing 'I Will Survive' about Trump's inauguration US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making him the TWELFTH GI from the Texas base to die in the last two months as investigators probe bizarre cluster of suicides, accidents and fatal fights at the base Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as a baby as she weeps and tells abductor 'mom' who raised her that she loves her in court Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for first time since she was snatched at birth from hospital 18 years ago by woman who she grew up with and called 'mom' Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration dress rehearsal - but will Hillary and Bill look so delighted to be there on the day? 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying £8.5million Paris robbery Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on hijacker's necktie reveals super-rare particles used by plane manufacturer in thrilling discovery that could reopen one of America's most mystifying cases Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father: Prince, 34, to end career as a helicopter pilot but he will not fulfill as many duties as Prince Charles, 68, because he doesn't want to 'elbow him out of the way' Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over discredited Russian hotel sex claims with a stream of bathroom jokes as SNL returns with a splash!  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent row during late night drinking session at his flat' When pimple popping goes wrong: Disgusting moment puss coats a cell phone camera filming the moment a man squeezes a cyst  Healthy and devoted father, 48, dies suddenly from meningitis - as his SoulCycle class of 200 are warned they too are now at risk of catching the killer infection  Moment a furious wife kick boxes her husband's mistress in the head NINE times after discovering their affair Man 'catches married female dance teacher, 38, having sex with his 15-year-old stepdaughter' Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to anti-depressants and COCA-COLA Mother started having sex with her son, 12, when he came into her bed because he was sick - and made him feel 'important and special' as he was hitting puberty Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest  Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' The spy who believes Hitler may have faked his own death: Classified documents reveal that the Fuhrer may have used a secret runway to escape his Berlin bunker flee to South America in a Luftwaffe plane How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'This is my vehicle, sir': Shocking moment black Northwestern University PhD student is beaten and cuffed when cops refuse to believe he owns the Chevy he's driving  College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help  Russian model sues married millionaire 'sugar daddy' claiming he kicked her out of his Manhattan pad and swiped her $8k Rolex after she stopped having sex with him 2017's luckiest man: Casino punter shows off in front of his friends by betting $35,000 on a single roulette spin - and winning $3.5M when his number comes in More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Gang of six teen girls punched woman, 28, in the face for shaking her head because they were arguing with an elderly passenger on the subway MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Contact Newsletter App BLOG About GT Overview Corporate Philosophy Our Publisher Staff & Contributors Press Releases Globility Board About / Members Globility Board Application Destinations North America All Canada Mexico Puerto Rico United States Latin America All Belize Costa Rica Nicaragua Panama South America All Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Caribbean All Bahamas Bermuda U.S. Virgin Islands Europe All Austria Belgium Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Norway Russia Sweden Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Africa All Ghana Kenya Morocco South Africa Middle East All Azerbaijan Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Asia All China India Indonesia All Cambodia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Japan Malaysia South Korea Taiwan Oceania All Australia Fiji French Polynesia New Zealand Departments Chefs Cruising Features Golf Health LGBT Spas Spoils Sponsored Technology Wine & Spirits Reviews Aviation Accommodation Subscriptions new renew change questions Members Member Login Become a GT Insider Special Editions GT Select Hotels Member Newsletter Signup About GT Overview Corporate Philosophy Our Publisher Staff & Contributors Press Releases Globility Board About / Members Globility Board Application Destinations North America All Canada Mexico Puerto Rico United States Latin America All Belize Costa Rica Nicaragua Panama South America All Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Caribbean All Bahamas Bermuda U.S. Virgin Islands Europe All Austria Belgium Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Norway Russia Sweden Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Africa All Ghana Kenya Morocco South Africa Middle East All Azerbaijan Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Asia All China India Indonesia All Cambodia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Japan Malaysia South Korea Taiwan Oceania All Australia Fiji French Polynesia New Zealand Departments Chefs Cruising Features Golf Health LGBT Spas Spoils Sponsored Technology Wine & Spirits Reviews Aviation Accommodation Subscriptions new renew change questions Members Member Login Become a GT Insider Special Editions GT Select Hotels Member Newsletter Signup About GT Overview Corporate Philosophy Our Publisher Staff & Contributors Press Releases Globility Board About / Members Globility Board Application Destinations North America All Canada Mexico Puerto Rico United States Latin America All Belize Costa Rica Nicaragua Panama South America All Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Caribbean All Bahamas Bermuda U.S. Virgin Islands Europe All Austria Belgium Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Norway Russia Sweden Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Africa All Ghana Kenya Morocco South Africa Middle East All Azerbaijan Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Asia All China India Indonesia All Cambodia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Japan Malaysia South Korea Taiwan Oceania All Australia Fiji French Polynesia New Zealand Departments Chefs Cruising Features Golf Health LGBT Spas Spoils Sponsored Technology Wine & Spirits Reviews Aviation Accommodation Subscriptions new renew change questions Members Member Login Become a GT Insider Special Editions GT Select Hotels Member Newsletter Signup Qatar Airways Confirms Business Class Seat News Photo: © Typhoonski | Dreamstime.com - January 13, 2017 Qatar Airways is set to unveil a new business-class seat at ITB Berlin in March. The unveiling also includes the new concourse F at Doha’s Hamad International Airport. The new seats will be across the fleet in Boeing 777s and Airbus A350s and a new seat development will be in place for the 787s as the new seat cannot fit in the 787. Qatar will receive 23 wide-body planes this year. The eighth of 10 A380s is due to be delivered in the upcoming weeks. “With the kind of product we offer, we will continue to generate demand,” said Akbar Al Baker, group chief executive, Qatar Airways Group. “The [airport] terminal was designed for expansion as we grow the airline and this is what we will do.” The carrier’s network is set to grow by 15 destinations in the upcoming year. Hamad International Airport is expanding Concourse F and will add to the existing terminal, swelling capacity to 65 million passengers annually. Foster and Partners is handling the concourse designs. The airport handled 30 million passengers in 2015, about 48 million less than Dubai (DBX) — the world’s largest airport for international passenger traffic. The airport features 12 lounges, leisure facilities like a pool and squash court, new tech features and premium-branded duty free. New biometric-friendly e-gates are also rolling out in the airport with cards free to residents over 18 years of age, as well as chip-reading passports. Norwegian Air Approved to Use Smaller Airports in U.S. Trans-Atlantic Flights Waldorf Astoria Beverly Hills to Open in Spring 2017 Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Posts you may also like The Venetian Las Vegas Debuts Co-Working Space 15 Jan 2017 News 0 Comments Virgin Atlantic Revamped A330 Upper Class Accommodations 14 Jan 2017 News 0 Comments British Airways Buy On Board Menu Released 12 Jan 2017 News 0 Comments Lyft and Uber Pickups Now Legal at Atlanta International Airport 11 Jan 2017 News 0 Comments Latest News JW Marriott Hotels & Resorts Introduces “The JW Treatment” Germany Testing Hydrogen-Powered Passenger Trains Aloft Opens In Riyadh SeaPort Airlines Goes Under JetBlue Self-Service Lobby Opens at John F. Kennedy International Airport More News Latest Deals Earn Bonus Choice Hotels Privilege Points Receive Up to a $100 Gift Card When Staying at IHG Take Advantage of Carlson Rezidor Hotels’ Elite Match Status More Deals Sign up for insider info/deals I'm interested in: eFlyer USA eFlyer Asia Special Editions Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 Advertise Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GT China Trazee Travel
Things to Read Winter Art and Performance Green Guide Home Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film Art Theater Books Things to Do Resistance & Solidarity MLK Day Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Log in Sign up Menu Close Things To Read Winter Art and Performance Green Guide Home Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film Art Theater Books Print Archives Things To Do Resistance & Solidarity MLK Day Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Other Things Stranger Tickets Stranger Perks Personals Account Log in Sign up SLOG News The Morning News: State Supreme Court Rules Against Grays Harbor Oil Terminal, DOJ Opens Comey Investigation by Sydney Brownstone • Jan 13, 2017 at 8:55 am Tweet The Lummi Nation, whose fishermen are pictured here, won a similar victory over the proposed Gateway Pacific coal terminal last year. Matika Wilbur Quinault Indian Nation Celebrates Supreme Court Decision Over Oil Terminal: The tribe had long opposed the proposed expansion of the oil terminal on the grounds that it would threaten treaty-protected fishing rights. But on Thursday, the state supreme court ruled in a unanimous decision that the Ocean Resources Management Act—which had been created in the wake of the devastating Exxon Valdes spill—applied to the oil project and effectively killed it. Alaska Airlines Contractor Must Pay $8.2 Million in Back Wages to Baggage Handlers: A federal judge approved a settlement for airport workers who continued to make less than $15 an hour even after SeaTac's minimum wage law went into effect. This Seattle Tech Investor Doesn't Think We Need an Income Tax Because Seahawks: Madrona Venture Group Managing Director Matt McIlwain said "he hears all the time from people moving in from out of town to work at big tech companies and found startups that they are happy not to have a state income tax." Oh, okay. Here's more: "He cited Seattle Seahawks tight end Jimmy Graham saying one of the biggest benefits of coming to Washington was its lack of income tax." Men Could Outnumber Women in Washington State: Great. Researcher Says Government Engineered Seattle's Racial Segregation: "In places like Seattle, it was William and Bertha Boeing who were large developers," Economic Policy Institute research associate Richard Rothstein told KUOW. "They guaranteed bank loans to large-scale developers to build entire subdivisions on explicit condition that no homes be sold to African-Americans. This was a federal government policy, and it was done all over the country." Angela Davis Was at Town Hall Last Night: It was packed. Davis also told the crowd that she supported activists opposing King County's new youth detention center. "If we want to say there is a ground zero for social justice, it had to be climate change." — Angela Davis @ Seattle town hall — Sabrina Imbler (@aznfusion) January 13, 2017 Washington Lawmakers Introduce a Bill to Rein in Colleges' Athletic Overspending: "The bill would require departments in the red for more than three years to gain budget approval from a legislative committee," KNKX reports. "It comes after Washington State University released plans to balance the books late last year. That plan included a possible new fee for students and increased ticket prices for games." Check Out This Documentary Trailer: About the fight against Washington's anti-trans bathroom bills and I-1515. Twitter trolls can't mess with this anymore. Lindy West Is Not Going Back to Twitter: Listen to her interview with Bill Radke to hear her explain why. On the Eve of Trump, DOJ Releases "Scathing" Report Finding That Chicago Police Violated Civil Rights Through Excessive Force: The release of the report was also timed with a police reform agreement announced by Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel and Attorney General Loretta Lynch that "has put the city’s problems on the record and set in motion a process — albeit one that may be less easy to enforce — for change, even if the Trump administration does not seek a consent decree with Chicago," the New York Times reports. DOJ Also Opens Investigation into What the Fuck Went on with Comey and the Doomed Election: DOJ inspector general Michael E. Horowitz said he'd review Comey's actions around the election and announcements over Hillary Clinton's e-mails. The New York Times: "[The actions] are: the news conference in July at which he announced he was not indicting Mrs. Clinton but described her behavior as 'extremely careless'; the letter to Congress in late October in which he said that newly discovered emails could potentially change the outcome of the F.B.I.’s investigation; and the letter three days before the election in which he said that he was closing it again." To get this delivered to your inbox, subscribe to The Stranger's newsletter. Subscribe 22 Police Reports Illustrated: Red Hat Leads to Assault Memorial March to Be Held Today in Capitol Hill for "Super-Barista" Amy Vanderbeck You might also be interested in these: Seattle Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal Won't Be Attending the Inauguration by Heidi Groover Sara Porkalob Fully Realizes Cafe Nordo's Potential In Madame Dragon's 60th Birthday Bash by Rich Smith Town Hall Is Calling for Your Calls to Action on Inauguration Day by Ana Sofia Knauf Most Commented in Slog Savage Love Letter of the Day: Stamping Out "Just My Preference" Gays Savage Love Letter of the Day: My Ex Was Wrong For Me But The Sex Was Perfect Intel Chiefs to President-Elect: Um, Dude, the Russians Have a Compromising Video of You Being Pissed On And/Or Near By Russian Sex Workers Savage Love Letter of the Day: A Germaphobe Couldn't Be Into Piss, Right? The Morning News: I Guess We Need to Talk about Golden Showers Recommended Events Sun Jan 15 at 5 and 8 pm Dar Williams with Sherman Alexie at Triple Door Sun Jan 15, 7:30-9 pm Writers Resist: A Celebration of Free Speech at Town Hall Sun Jan 15 at 8 pm The Blow Up Birthday Party at Chop Suey Sun Jan 15 at 8 pm John Paul White of The Civil Wars with The Kernal at Crocodile Sun Jan 15 at 8 pm RP Boo, Leonce, Slantooth, Howin, DJ2 at Timbre Room Newsletters Sign up for the latest news and to win free tickets to events Stranger Tickets Buy tickets to events around Seattle Stranger Things To Do Comprehensive calendar of Seattle events Stranger Things To Do App The easiest way to find Seattle's best events This Week's Issue Print Archives Publication Info Masthead Ad Info & Rates Distribution Jobs at The Stranger Contact Check it out Follow Us RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy
heart.co.uk (national) Choose your preferred location Sign in Become a Heart VIP Listen to Heart Watch Heart TV Home Radio News Entertainment Lifestyle Weird Events Win Charity Bingo TV Search GO Local News UK & World Showbiz Top Trending Videos Traffic and Travel Quirky Sport Snow Weather Home News UK & World Donald Trump's record-breaking £74m donation haul for inauguration 13th January 2017, 10:52 With £74m of private donations so far, Donald Trump's inauguration has proved to be an attractive way for corporations to set out their stall for America's next commander-in-chief. Mr Trump's inauguration committee has received enough money to pay for the event twice over - and the money is still flowing in. Most donors remain anonymous and the committee has 90 days to name them. Blue chip donors named so far include aircraft maker Boeing, which has donated £820,000. The company's multibillion-dollar Air Force One contract was last month threatened with cancellation by Mr Trump. Oil and gas giant Chevron has donated £410,000 while AT&T; has supplied extra mobile capacity for the National Mall. US taxpayers will provide a considerable share of the budget despite a big share of the inauguration costs being covered by the private donations. :: When does Donald Trump become President? Public funds will pay for the £4.1m cost of building a bunting-decorated 10,000 square-foot platform for the swearing-in. The public also pays security costs for the event, which brings together a big chunk of the US political leadership, hundreds of thousands of ordinary Americans and a fair share of protesters. This will include a £2m overtime bill for the US Capitol police force. Federal funds will also pay for more than 5,000 service members from across the regular armed forces, plus a further 7,500 National Guard reservists. The District of Columbia expects to spend £24m, which it will claw back from federal government after the event. This leaves an unprecedented and unspent pot of private donations for Mr Trump's inauguration team to spend on pop singers, parades, choirs, celebratory balls, bunting - and more than 1,000 portable toilets. The man who organised America's last two inaugurations has questioned why donors' money is still coming in and wondered where it will go. "We planned the two largest inaugurations in the history of our country and we never spent anywhere near that," said Steve Kerrigan, who led Barack Obama's 2009 and 2013 inauguration events. "I can't imagine how they are going to spend that amount of money - and why they would even keep raising money," he said. Mr Kerrigan's committee collected £45m for Mr Obama’s first inauguration and £35m for his second. However, Mr Obama's first inauguration team left a surplus, meaning Mr Trump's record-breaking haul of private and corporate donations could have paid for both of his predecessor's events. US government transparency advocates the Sunlight Foundation have said Mr Trump's lack of disclosure of inauguration donors to date has "set a tone" and has implications for White House transparency and accountability. Donations notwithstanding, Mr Trump's inauguration planner Tom Barrack has suggested that the 20 January ceremony and celebrations will be more conservative, as they avoid a "circus-like atmosphere" in favour of a "back-to-work" mindset with "soft sensuality". The Trump committee is planning fewer set-piece events, balls, parades and performances for the day. Mr Trump is holding three inaugural balls; Mr Obama had 10 balls at his first inauguration. Mr Trump's team hopes to keep its parade to 90 minutes. The longest inauguration parade, with 73 bands and 59 floats, lasted more than four-and-a-half hours, at Dwight Eisenhower's first inauguration in 1953. The President-elect's inaugural team has failed to attract the kind of A-list performers who turned out in force for Mr Obama. Artists including Elton John, Andrea Bocelli, Celine Dion and Charlotte Church have all publicly declined an invitation. Mr Trump's announced headliners are teen singer Jackie Evancho, the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Radio City Rockettes. Leftover donations will go to charity and other White House events. Mr Trump has not specified the charities which will benefit from money left over after the event. His past pledges to donate to charity have not always gone ahead as announced. Mr Obama used his excess inaugural dollars to help pay for the annual White House Easter egg roll and other public events. (c) Sky News 2017: Donald Trump's record-breaking £74m donation haul for inauguration Wrestling star Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka - one of the biggest stars of professional wrestling in the 1980s - has died less than two weeks after homicide charges against him were dropped. Video How Northern Ireland's political crisis could impact Brexit Could the political crisis in Northern Ireland stall Brexit? Video Two-state solution for Israel and Palestine reaffirmed at Paris peace talks A two-state solution remains the only way to resolve the Israel-Palestine conflict, a peace conference in Paris has concluded. Video Monday's national newspaper front pages THE PAPERS' TOP STORIES Most Viewed Pictures On Heart Gallery Nigella Lawson's Hottest Looks! Gallery Bare-Naked Ladies: Stars Without Makeup! Gallery Pregnant Celebrities: Who's Expecting? Gallery George From 'Stuart Little' Is All Grown Up... And You Won't Believe How Hot He Is! Gallery Top Of The Chops! Celebrity Hair Do-Overs Gallery Jamie Dornan: Sexiest Pictures Of The Christian Grey Actor Gallery Celebrity Weddings: Emma And Matt Willis Celebrate Their Anniversary In The Best Way Gallery Kelly Brook's Most Gorgeous Pictures Gallery The Most Beautiful Celebrity Wedding Dresses Gallery The Top 25 Sexiest Men Gallery Best Dressed Celebrity Baby Bumps: Ciara Works The Red Carpet Gallery 10 David Beckham Quotes Straight Out Of 'Only Fools & Horses' Quick links Schedule Heart Breakfast Last 10 songs Local events Local news Local Win With Heart Make Heart the soundtrack to your day and you could be a winner with great prizes up for grabs throughout the day. UK & World Trump says trade deal will be done 'quickly and properly' Time running out for Northern Ireland's devolved government Jeremy Hunt to get £15m payout from Hotcourses sale amid NHS crisis Theresa May to appear in Vogue magazine photoshoot in April Eight billionaires own same as poorest half of the world - Oxfam See all UK & World Showbiz David Bowie nominated for two posthumous Brit Awards The Omen's 'Damien' in road rage attack: Harvey Spencer Stephens spared jail Carrie Fisher will not be digitally recreated in future Star Wars films Johnny Depp and Amber Heard finalise bitter divorce Priyanka Chopra recovering after mishap on Quantico set See all Showbiz You are here: Home News UK & World Back to top How To Listen & Watch Digital Radio FM Online TV iPad & iPhone Android Blackberry Heart TV Find Your Local Heart By Region By Postcode Radio Heart Breakfast Drivetime Schedule Playlist Last 10 songs All Heart Shows Report Interference From Illegal Broadcasters Discover More Article Archive Website Support Accessibility Most Viewed Pictures On Heart Celebrity Pictures Competitions Local News Heart Angels Race for Life Bingo Games Movies All About Heart Frequently Asked Questions Contact us Working for Heart Advertise With Us Charity About Us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Public File Cookie Policy Company Details Search GO © This is Global Limited 2017
