Alert 5 Military Aviation News Search for: Boeing gets $89 million to integrate IRST Block II on Super Hornet The U.S. Navy is moving forward towards integrating the Infrared Search and Track System (IRST) on the Boeing Super Hornet fighter by giving Boeing a $89 million cost-plus-incentive-fee contract for a Block II design of the IRST. By Official U.S. Navy photo by Lt. Cmdr. Josh Hammond/Released (U.S. Navy) [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons Dan Gillian, who runs the Super Hornet program at Boeing, believes the company will “be building F/A-18s into the 2020s” based on the demand signals received. The funding will cover from initial design all the way to the preliminary design review stage. Boeing has to complete the work by April 2020. Click here for the full story Related Posts (Automatically Generated) Boeing close to decision whether to self-fund Super Hornet production line Boeing gets Super Hornet IRST development contract Super Hornet IRST cleared for low-rate initial production Boeing optimistic on a Super Hornet sale to Middle East Super Hornet Block 3 to de-emphasize on stealth, more on networking USN discovered issue with JHMCS training after Super Hornet crashed This entry was posted on Saturday, May 27th, 2017 at 11:58 and is filed under Navy. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Subscribe: Entries | Comments Follow @alert5 May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Categories Air Defense Air Force Airshow Army Boeing Heritage Industry KC-X Marines MMRCA MQ-X Navy PAK-FA Research Space UAV Uncategorized © 2017. Alert 5. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress & SimpleX theme.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Manchester Concert Explosion Democrats vs. Trump TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Travel Consumer Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 11 2017, 4:46 am ET Boeing Halts Test Flights of New 737 Over Engine Issue Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement DALLAS — Boeing is suspending test flights of a new airliner because of a possible problem in the manufacturing of a key engine part. The company said Wednesday that it still plans to deliver the first Boeing 737 Max later this month, and production will continue. A Boeing 737 MAX 9 under construction at the company's production facility in Renton, Washington, on Feb. 13. Jason Redmond / Reuters file The news sent Boeing Co. shares down nearly 4 percent, although they recovered partly to close at $183.18, down $2.31, or 1.3 percent. Chicago-based Boeing was notified last week of a potential issue involving turbine engine discs produced by a supplier to engine maker CFM International. Boeing said it has not experienced any problems with the discs during more than 2,000 hours of testing. It poses no safety concerns for travelers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 Max but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists. Timely delivery is important to planemakers as they get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer. The Max is designed to be a more fuel-efficient version of the workhorse 737, Boeing's most popular commercial plane. Malaysia's Malindo Air plans to take delivery of the first Max in a few days and begin using it for passenger flights before July. Dallas-based Southwest Airlines Co. expects to begin using the plane this fall. It said Boeing had not warned it of any delays to its delivery schedule. Related: China's 'Homegrown' Competitor to 737 Takes to the Skies American Airlines Group Inc., which has 100 737 MAX jets on order, declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. The discs in question are made by a supplier to CFM International, a joint venture of General Electric and France's Safran. GE spokeswoman Jamie Jewell declined to identify the supplier. She said GE and Safran will work with the supplier to find and correct any shortcomings in the manufacturing process while also turning to a backup supplier to keep production of engines on schedule. A Boeing logo on one of the firm's 737 Max 9 jets. Jason Redmond / AFP - Getty Images file In a written statement, Boeing said it will work with CFM "to understand the precise scope and root cause of the quality issue." New planes and parts go through extensive testing to turn up problems before passengers go on board. Cai von Rumohr, an analyst with Cowen and Co., said "this doesn't look like a serious concern" because Boeing still expects to deliver the first plane this month and it appears to be a fixable manufacturing problem rather than a design flaw. Boeing has built about 9,500 single-aisle 737s since the late 1960s. The company said it has taken more than 3,700 orders for the Max, which carries a list price of $112.4 million to $119.2 million, although airlines routinely get big discounts. Contributors Associated Press and Reuters Topics Travel, Tech News, U.S. news, World First Published May 11 2017, 4:44 am ET Next Story The Week in Pictures: May 19 - 25 advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate The maiden voyage of the behemoth Space Launch System will be pushed back from November 2018 into at least 2019. (NASA) NASA’s delay of rocket launch puts competition in spotlight Fri May 26th, 2017 4:19pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Marco Santana, Orlando Sentinel ORLANDO, Fla. — NASA’s delay in ferrying astronauts to the moon comes as competition has heated up, with SpaceX and Boeing aiming to build passenger capsules and heavy-lift craft — and launch them from Florida — by the end of next year. “You can make a strong argument that NASA is in a space race with SpaceX right now,” said Ray Lugo, director of the University of Central Florida’s Space Institute. “The commercial guys have a much more streamlined process.” NASA recently announced that a maiden voyage of its behemoth Space Launch System would be pushed back from November 2018 into at least 2019, with human flight on SLS waiting until a second mission aimed at 2021. The delay followed a report from the Government Accountability Office that called the optimistic timeline “likely unachievable.” New launch target Trying to launch next year “is not in the best interest of the program, and we are in the process of establishing a new target in 2019,” NASA Associate Administrator for Human Exploration and Operations William Gerstenmaier agreed in an April 12 response. The delay “is unfortunate, but not surprising,” said Phil Larson, an assistant dean at the University of Colorado who previously worked with SpaceX and who was former space policy adviser to President Barack Obama. “If you talk to folks in the agency, they all knew this was coming.” NASA relies heavily on a federal budget that fluctuates from year to year. The testing phase for its vehicles can take more time while dealing with layers of governmental approval. “People expect them to get it right every time because they have to explain when they don’t to 300 million Americans,” Lugo said. “So it’s hard to compare the two.” Private companies, like early-stage startup firms, can work directly with private financial backers or billionaire CEOs when making adjustments. That can include NASA as a client. Boeing and SpaceX Boeing and SpaceX have signed NASA contracts for the use of their crew capsules to send astronauts to the International Space Station. SpaceX’s Dragon 2 capsule is planned to run a test flight later this year and a crewed flight in May 2018. The company is preparing to send two private citizens around the moon next year, as well. SpaceX said last week that the mission remains on track — but CEO Elon Musk said at a news conference in February that they would prioritize the launch of astronauts for NASA if conflicts arose. Boeing’s CST-100 Starliner capsule has three major milestones scheduled for 2018: a test flight in June, a human test flight in August and a trip to the International Space Station in December. In April, the Denver Post reported that United Launch Alliance President and CEO Tory Bruno announced at a space symposium that the company wants to “develop a fleet of ‘space trucks’ to ferry people between Earth and moon.” The timing of that effort is unclear. A ULA spokeswoman declined comment. The term “space race” might be too strong, said Mary Lynne Ditmar, executive director of the Coalition for Deep Space Exploration. The nonprofit advocates for deep-space exploration. “The objectives of these players are really different,” Ditmar said. While NASA hopes to build infrastructure in space that will support deep-space exploration, she said, “SpaceX and ULA are both in the business of making money and bringing value to their investors and shareholders.” The SLS delays likely come from NASA’s tendency to play it safe, Space Florida President and CEO Frank Dibello said. Conservative approach “What you are hearing is NASA’s conservative risk-management approach,” Dibello said. “They want to make sure they are comfortable with the vehicle and make it safe for when they put humans in it. It’s a perfectly reasonable decision. “Schedules rarely slip to the left. They almost always slip to the right.” President Donald Trump had asked NASA to consider sending an astronaut on the November 2018 test flight, known as Exploration Mission 1. Lugo trusts that NASA officials believe their new 2019 timeline for Exploration Mission 1 but would likely not be too hesitant to push that back if needed. “They try not to be too schedule-driven,” he said. “But they are also not ignorant of the fact that people expect them to hold a schedule. When you look at the pace SpaceX has been on, though, the people at NASA have to say that they look to be on schedule.”   Most Read Marysville man pleads guilty to raping 11-year-old girl EVERETT — A Marysville man has admitted to raping an 11-year-old neighbor… May 25th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Rotary scholarships: Thousands of dollars for dozens of kids MARYSVILLE — There were lots of smiles. Excited claps. Some nerves showing… May 25th, 2017 by Melissa Slager Group to help Casino Road area of Everett with $700,000 EVERETT — Efforts to improve the lives of people in south Everett… May 25th, 2017 by Chris Winters Corrections deputy admits to misconduct with inmate EVERETT — A Snohomish County corrections deputy admitted Wednesday to engaging in… May 25th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Trump budget slashes $1.1B needed for Lynnwood light rail LYNNWOOD — Getting light rail to Lynnwood again appears in doubt after… May 25th, 2017 by Noah Haglund © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Defense Robotics Market 2015-2022: Global Strategic Business Report 2017 - Focus on Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV), Unmanned Marine Vehicles (UMV) and Unmanned Ground Vehicles (UGV) - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 26 May, 2017, 18:00 ET Share this article DUBLIN, May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Defense Robotics - Global Strategic Business Report" report to their offering. The report provides separate comprehensive analytics for the US, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle East, and Rest of World. Annual estimates and forecasts are provided for the period 2015 through 2022. Also, a six-year historic analysis is provided for these markets. Market data and analytics are derived from primary and secondary research. This report analyzes the worldwide markets for Defense Robotics in US$ Million by the following Robotics Platform Types: Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV) Unmanned Marine Vehicles (UMV) Unmanned Ground Vehicles (UGV) The report profiles 43 companies including many key and niche players such as AeroVironment, Inc. (USA) BAE Systems plc (UK) Boeing Company (USA) Boston Dynamics (USA) Clearpath Robotics Inc. (Canada) Elbit Systems Ltd. (Israel) Endeavor Robotics (USA) General Atomics (USA) General Dynamics Corporation (USA) Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) (Israel) Lockheed Martin Corporation (USA) Northrop Grumman Corporation (USA) Oceaneering International, Inc. (USA) QinetiQ Group plc (UK) Saab AB (Sweden) Textron Inc. (USA) Thales Group (France) Key Topics Covered: 1. INDUSTRY OVERVIEW Robots: An Introductory Prelude Defense Robotics: The Unmanned Systems for Military Applications Northbound Trajectory in Global Military Spending Bodes Well for Defense Robotics Increased Complexity in Global Security Landscape Creates Conducive Environment Key Global Tensions of 2016: A Review Myriad Benefits Offered Enhance Market Prospects Reduced Number of Casualties High Precision & High Efficiency Fatigueless Functioning Support for Any Terrain Type Cost Benefits Positive Economic Scenario to Extend Growth Opportunities Global Market Outlook The US: Key Revenue Contributor Developing Regions Emerge as Hot Spots for Future Growth Competitive Scenario 2. MARKET TRENDS & GROWTH DRIVERS Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) Drive Momentum in Defense Robotics Market Select Widely Deployed Military UAVs: A Snapshot Small UAVs Gain Traction in Short-Range ISR Operations MALE & HALE UAVs Suffice Military Needs in Long-Range Tactical Missions Unmanned Combat Aerial Vehicles (UCAV): An Emerging Segment Solar Powered UAV Elicit Increasing Interest Worldwide Futuristic UAV Designs Seek to Proliferate the Market Unmanned Ground Vehicles (UGVs) Enable Seamless Efficiency in Ground Operations Robotic Arms Enhance the Functionality of UGVs New Line of Ground Robots to Widen Market Prospects of UGVs Unmanned Marine Vehicles (UMVs) Gain Critical Interest in Maritime Operations USVs Seek Bigger Role in Maritime Operations Resolving Technical Limitations: Critical for Future Success UUVs Make Steady Progress New R&D Programs Elevate Future Prospects of UUVs AUV Drive Growth in UUV Segment Guidance Technologies: The Backbone for Defense Robotics GPS Renders Unmatched Proficiency in Route Navigation Collaboration with Manned Systems: The New Focus Areas 3. PRODUCT/TECHNOLOGY OVERVIEW Robots Technological Evolution Path of Service Robots General Classification of Robots Industrial Robots Service Robots Defense/Military Robots Classification of Defense Robots Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Unmanned Marine Vehicles (UMV) Unmanned Surface Vessels (USV) Unmanned Underwater Vehicles (UUVs) Unmanned Ground Vehicles (UGV) Electronic Components for Defense Robots Components of Defense Robot System Major Applications of Military Robots Reconnaissance & Surveillance Target Identification & Designation Counter-Mine Warfare 4. PRODUCT INNOVATIONS/INTRODUCTIONS AeroVironment Rolls Out Snipe Boeing Unveils Echo Voyager UUV BAE Systems Develops Jetstream 3 Unmanned Aircraft UIMC Unveils Razvedchik and Korsar Unmanned Aerial Systems 5. RECENT INDUSTRY ACTIVITY Boeing to Acquire Liquid Robotics Arlington Capital Establishes Endeavor Robotics Arlington Capital to Acquire iRobot's Defense & Security Business Delair-Tech Teams Up with ECA Group AeroVironment Bags Small UAS Contract in the Netherlands AeroVironment to Expand Operations in Australia AeroVironment to Deliver RQ-20A Puma AE Small UAS to the US Marine Corps 6. FOCUS ON SELECT GLOBAL PLAYERS 7. GLOBAL MARKET PERSPECTIVE Total Companies Profiled: 43 (including Divisions/Subsidiaries 53) The United States (26) Canada (2) Europe (18) - France (5) - Germany (3) - The United Kingdom (4) - Italy (1) - Rest of Europe (5) Asia-Pacific (Excluding Japan) (4) Middle East (3) For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/wq2xrg/defense_robotics Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/defense-robotics-market-2015-2022-global-strategic-business-report-2017---focus-on-unmanned-aerial-vehicles-uav-unmanned-marine-vehicles-umv-and-unmanned-ground-vehicles-ugv---research-and-markets-300464456.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 26 May, 2017, 18:15 ET Preview: Artificial Implants - Global Strategic Business Report 2017 - Artificial Implants on High Growth Trajectory - Research and Markets 26 May, 2017, 17:45 ET Preview: Global Electronic Components Strategic Business Report 2017: Product Introductions/Technology Developments and Focus on Select Global Players - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 26 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Global Gigabit Wi-Fi Access Points Strategic Business Report 2017... 26 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Video Encoders - Global Strategic Business Report 2017 - Rising... Explore More news releases in similar topics Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Electronic Design Automation Computer Software Publishing & Information Services You just read: Defense Robotics Market 2015-2022: Global Strategic Business Report 2017 - Focus on Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV), Unmanned Marine Vehicles (UMV) and Unmanned Ground Vehicles (UGV) - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 26 May, 2017, 18:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Log In Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Business Local News Local Politics Aerospace tax incentives saved Boeing $242 million last year Originally published May 26, 2017 at 3:26 pm Updated May 26, 2017 at 5:23 pm A worker emerges from the autoclave at Boeing’s massive new 777X composite wing center in Everett. (Ken Lambert/The Seattle Times) Boeing disclosed Friday that last year it saved $242 million thanks to Washington state’s aerospace industry tax incentives, $63 million less than the previous year. The figures indicate Boeing paid $68 million in B&O tax, the major portion of its state and local tax bill. Share story By Dominic Gates Seattle Times aerospace reporter Boeing disclosed Friday that last year it saved $242 million thanks to Washington state’s aerospace-industry tax incentives. That’s $63 million less than its state tax savings in 2015. The major elements of the tax savings were: • $100 million from the 40 percent reduction in the Business & Occupation (B&O) tax rate. Most Read Stories Seattle once again nation’s fastest-growing big city; population exceeds 700,000 | FYI Guy 2 Bellevue High students investigated in alleged rape of 14-year-old girl at Yarrow Point party Amazon opens Seattle grocery pickup sites to Prime members Despite 'good visit' with Colin Kaepernick, Seahawks may not be done in search for backup QB This Seattle bar just made Esquire’s ‘24 Best Bars in America'Sale! Get 90% off digital access. • $82 million from B&O tax credits for activities related to setting up production equipment for the new 777X and the 737 MAX jets. • $23 million in a Sales & Use tax exemption for the purchase of construction material. Boeing did not disclose how much tax it actually paid in Washington state, but a portion of the taxes paid can be deduced. The $100 million tax saving from the 40 percent reduction in the B&O rate implies that Boeing would have been due to pay $250 million, before applying the reduction and the $82 million in tax credits. The result is that Boeing must have paid $68 million in B&O taxes, by far the largest portion of its total state and local tax bill. Because the regular B&O tax rate is 0.484 percent of total revenue, these figures also imply that Boeing’s 2016 revenue earned in the state was $51.7 billion. That’s 55 percent of the company’s total 2016 revenue of $94.6 billion, of which $65 billion was from Commercial Airplanes. Boeing disclosed the figures ahead of the holiday weekend, when the news is likely to get less attention. The jetmaker’s savings from the tax incentives have become controversial as it has steadily cut its workforce in the state since the fall of 2012. During 2016, Boeing eliminated almost 7,400 jobs in the state, mostly through attrition. And that trend is continuing this year. Through March, Boeing data show it has cut a further 1,241 jobs. When the April and May numbers are added, the figure will jump sharply. In April, 1,000 machinists who accepted a company buyout offer left the workforce. In releasing the tax savings data, Boeing made the case that its contribution to the state economy warrants the tax relief. The company said it invested a total of $13.5 billion in the state in 2016, counting its payroll; its purchases from in-state suppliers; its capital spending; its payment of state and local taxes; as well as $32 million in community charitable donations and $35 million in college tuition for state employees. Boeing’s capital investments in Washington include upgrades to the Renton site to facilitate 737 production rate increases and 737 MAX production; ongoing 777X infrastructure additions in Everett and Frederickson; and modifications and improvements for additive manufacturing processes and equipment at multiple production sites. “The $13.5 billion Boeing spent in Washington last year reaffirms that the aerospace tax incentives are working as envisioned,” Bill McSherry, vice president of government operations at Boeing Commercial Airplanes, said in a statement. “We continue to invest in our future here.” Boeing is required to make the annual tax-savings disclosure after The Seattle Times last year challenged and successfully reversed an initial ruling by state tax officials that the information would not be made public for a decade. Consequently, Boeing’s tax savings over the past three years are now known. Before last year, it saved $217 million in 2014 and $305 million in 2015. Dominic Gates: 206-464-2963 or dgates@seattletimes.com View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Previous Story Former Seattle FAA official gets top aviation safety post, after a stint at industry group Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate The gantry system is tested at the new 777x Composite Wing Center at Paine Field in Everett last year. Tax breaks enticed the Boeing Co. to locate the 777X assembly line in Washington. (Kevin Clark / Herald file) Boeing’s Washington tax-break savings in 2016: $242 million Jerry Cornfield Dan Catchpole Fri May 26th, 2017 8:08pm BusinessNews You must sign in or register to continue reading content. OLYMPIA —The Boeing Co. boosted its investment in Washington in 2016 while garnering less tax savings from the state’s suite of incentives aimed at ensuring the aerospace company keeps making jets here. The firm saved $242 million on its 2016 state tax bill as a result of those tax breaks, $63 million less than it did in 2015, the company said in a news release Friday. Boeing spent an estimated $13.5 billion in the state last year, an increase of $500 million from 2015, the release said. Most of that spending was salaries and wages, purchases from local suppliers and capital investments for the 777X and 737 Max airplane programs, the company said in the news release. The total also includes “hundreds of millions of dollars” Boeing paid in state and local taxes, more than $32 million in community contributions and nearly $35 million in college tuition for Boeing employees in Washington. Boeing released the figures Friday, ahead of a required filing next week with the state Department of Revenue. “Whenever we look at tax incentives, it is important to understand the full story. We think this confirms the value the state taxpayers receive from Boeing’s presence,” said Bill McSherry, vice president of Government Operations for Boeing Commercial Airplanes. “Even as we navigate a highly competitive global market, we are continuing to invest billions of dollars in the state.” Officials with two major aerospace worker unions focused Friday on the fewer number of Boeing employees in the state. They said the incentives are supposed to help maintain and increase employment in the industry but haven’t at Boeing. The company shaved 6,344 jobs in 2016, according to company records. It has issued nearly 1,200 layoff notices to workers in this state in 2017. “We continue to be extremely concerned about these tax breaks and the fact that the company employment is going down. That’s not what the taxpayers of Washington expected,” said Bill Dugovich, spokesman for the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace (SPEEA), which represents more than 20,000 Boeing engineers and technical workers. “Although the savings to Boeing appears to be less, the number of jobs at Boeing are as well,” said Larry Brown, political director for the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers which represents more than 30,000 Boeing workers in Washington. Washington has an estimated 650 aerospace suppliers and 1,350 aerospace-related companies not named Boeing, according to the state Department of Commerce. State lawmakers enacted incentives for the aerospace industry in 2003 to land the 787 Dreamliner in Washington. They expanded and extended the tax breaks in 2013 to help convince Boeing to build its newest jetliner, the 777X, in the state. It is projected the extension will enable Boeing to save close to $8.7 billion in tax payments through 2040. Last year marked the first time the state required companies to disclose the value received from the aerospace incentives. Close to 300 companies reported claiming one or more of the incentives in 2015. Boeing’s $242 million in tax savings in 2016 included $100 million from a lower business-and-occupation tax rate, $82 million for a pre-production tax credit and $23 million from sales taxes waived for purchases of construction materials. By comparison, the company’s $305 million in savings in 2015 included $106 million for the pre-production credit and $51 million for the waived sales taxes. That year covered the bulk of Boeing’s investment in construction of the massive building where workers will make the wings for the 777X. The airplane maker delivered 748 commercial airplanes in 2016. That is slightly fewer than its record-high 762 deliveries in 2015. Boeing executives expect to deliver between 760 and 765 commercial jets this year. Even as Boeing has cranked up airplane production, it has cut its workforce by more than 13,600 since the beginning of 2016. Most of the job cuts have come through buyouts and attrition. Boeing has issued 1,162 layoff notices to Washington workers in 2017, according to state records. That tally includes some duplicate notices. Frustrated by the decline in their ranks, leaders of SPEEA and the Machinists union are working in Olympia to get terms of those incentives revised as they pertain to Boeing. Two bills have been introduced to increase the tax rate paid by Boeing if its workforce drops below certain levels. Both are awaiting action in the House Finance Committee. “We remain hopeful there will be some accountability added to the tax incentives the company is receiving,” Dugovich said. Jerry Cornfield: 360-352-8623; jcornfield@heraldnet.com. Twitter: @dospueblos.   Most Read Marysville man pleads guilty to raping 11-year-old girl EVERETT — A Marysville man has admitted to raping an 11-year-old neighbor… May 25th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Rotary scholarships: Thousands of dollars for dozens of kids MARYSVILLE — There were lots of smiles. Excited claps. Some nerves showing… May 25th, 2017 by Melissa Slager Group to help Casino Road area of Everett with $700,000 EVERETT — Efforts to improve the lives of people in south Everett… May 25th, 2017 by Chris Winters Corrections deputy admits to misconduct with inmate EVERETT — A Snohomish County corrections deputy admitted Wednesday to engaging in… May 25th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Trump budget slashes $1.1B needed for Lynnwood light rail LYNNWOOD — Getting light rail to Lynnwood again appears in doubt after… May 25th, 2017 by Noah Haglund © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 72° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine. A stray severe thunderstorm is possible. High 87F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Thunderstorms in the evening will give way to cloudy skies overnight. A few storms may be severe. Low 66F. Winds S at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall near an inch. Updated: May 27, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Launch of Boeing's Ground-based Midcourse Defense missile. Handout. U.S. to carry out first ICBM intercept test Reuters 11 hrs ago (…) Launch of Boeing's Ground-based Midcourse Defense missile. Handout. WASHINGTON • The United States will test an existing missile defense system to try to intercept an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) next week, U.S. officials said on Friday, at a time when North Korea is trying to develop one. The test, scheduled for Tuesday, is the first time the United States will try to intercept an ICBM. The United States has used the Ground-Based Midcourse Defense (GMD) system, managed by Boeing Co. and in place to counter attacks from rogue states such as North Korea, to intercept other types of missiles but never an ICBM. While U.S. officials believe Pyongyang is some years away from mastering re-entry expertise for perfecting an ICBM, it is making advances. This week the head of the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency said that if left unchecked, North Korea is on an "inevitable" path to obtaining a nuclear-armed missile capable of striking the United States. The remarks are the latest indication of mounting U.S. concern about Pyongyang's advancing missile and nuclear weapons programs, which the North says are needed for self-defense. Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher Who's hired? Check our People in Business Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives U.S. officials said that the test had been planned well in advance and was not in reaction to any specific event. The Missile Defense Agency said an interceptor based out of Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, one of 36 in California and Alaska, will be used in the test to shoot down a target similar to an ICBM over the Pacific Ocean. The system has carried out successful intercepts in nine out of 17 attempts dating back to 1999. The most recent test was in 2014. Last year a science advocacy group said the system has no proven capability to protect the United States.  Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Multimedia Shielded from Oversight 11 hrs ago (…) Tags Intercontinental Ballistic Missile Rocketry Military United States View (…) comments Most popular One problem with delayed Social Security: higher Medicare costs Chipotle says hackers stole payment card info in data breach Macy's burgeoning outlet store debuts in St. Clair Square Amazon seeks top manager in St. Louis The tax man cometh: Assessed values spike in some St. Louis neighborhoods, but north side still declining Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Media guru Tripp Frohlichstein died Friday after long illness Nicklaus: State funding cut puts St. Louis' startup momentum at risk Report predicts slowdown in St. Louis job growth Chipotle says hackers stole payment card info in data breach More records, barely, as stocks rise for 7th day Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Shop the Post-Dispatch store to find your personal baseball style. You could be featured in the Post-Dispatch and STLtoday.com and win $50! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 35 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Elite travel perks put to the test: Are they worth it? Two reporters, one with perks and one without, compared notes from the same trip. Post to Facebook Elite travel perks put to the test: Are they worth it? Two reporters, one with perks and one without, compared notes from the same trip.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2r66oLo {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Elite travel perks put to the test: Are they worth it? Today in the Sky Candice Choi and Scott Mayerowitz, The Associated Press Published 1:48 p.m. ET May 26, 2017 | Updated 8 hours ago 192 Shares CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Summer travelers may well find themselves stuck in long security lines and squeezed into cramped seats. Are the benefits worth the cost? The Associated Press sent two journalists on a two-day visit to Florida — one with perks, and one without. (May 25) AP ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Summer travelers may well find themselves stuck in long security lines and squeezed into cramped seats. For frequent travelers, or those who can and want to pay extra, perks are available including upgrades to first-class seats, airport lounges and free food. Are the benefits worth the cost? The Associated Press sent two journalists on a two-day visit to Orlando — one with perks, and one without. Scott Mayerowitz, who until recently covered the airline industry, has elite status with airlines, hotels and car rental agencies. He also has a five-year membership in a Transportation Security Administration program that lets him use fast-track lanes at airport security. Premium credit cards aimed at frequent travelers get him into airport lounges. Candice Choi, who covers the food industry, has no such perks. Scott saved more than 45 minutes total in waiting in lines at the airport, avoided crowds and got free food along the way. Candice thought Scott’s biggest advantage was the time he saved. The extra space and food he got seemed nice, but less meaningful for a short trip. Here’s how their experiences differed: FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn First to board or join the horde; is elite travel worth it?  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. In this photo from May 12, 2017, AP journalists Scott Mayerowitz and Candice Choi pose at New York's LaGuardia Airport while traveling together to compare the experiences of elite travelers with status and those without.  Scott Mayerowitz, AP Fullscreen On the morning of May 11, 2017, few passengers are waiting in line at the TSA's expedited Precheck lane at New York JFK Airport.  Scott Mayerowitz, AP Fullscreen In this photo from May 11, 2017, AP journalist Scott Mayerowitz enters the Delta Air Lines SkyClub at New Yorks JFK International Airport.  Candice Choi, AP Fullscreen This photo from May 11, 2017, shows a breakfast of a bacon, egg and cheese sandwich, yogurt and fruit served in first class on a Delta Air Lines flight from New York to Orlando.  Scott Mayerowitz, AP Fullscreen In this photo from May 12, 2017, journalist Scott Mayerowitz drives a white BMW X3 SUV. He received a rental upgrade in Orlando thanks to elite status in the National Car Rental program.  Scott Mayerowitz, AP Fullscreen In this photo from May 11, 2017, the Incredible Hulk roller coaster takes visitors on a ride at Universals Islands of Adventure theme park in Orlando. With the purchase of a "Universal Express" pass, park visitors can skip long lines to the attractions.  Scott Mayerowitz, AP Fullscreen This photo from May 11, 2017, shows free afternoon snacks provided to elite guests at the Regency Club at the Hyatt Regency Orlando.  Scott Mayerowitz, AP Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 7 2 of 7 3 of 7 4 of 7 5 of 7 6 of 7 7 of 7 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Security Scott breezed through the TSA’s checkpoint in less than 2 minutes without having to take off his shoes. His laptop stayed in his suitcase, thanks to his membership in the Global Entry program, which includes expedited screening. It took Candice nearly 15 minutes to get through regular security, which included taking off her shoes and jacket. There was also a delay after she forgot to remove a bottle of water from her purse, and found herself waiting shoeless for her belongings as a TSA agent searched her bag. On the return flight, Scott cleared security in about 3 minutes. It took Candice 19. Airport Scott headed for the roomy airline lounge, and took advantage of the free Wi-Fi, newspapers and breakfast spread that included bagels, muffins, hard-boiled eggs, fruit, yogurt and coffee. A day pass costs more than $50, but credit cards aimed at frequent travelers often include lounge access as one benefit that comes with a hefty annual fee of $450 to $550. Scott’s card also refunded him the $100 TSA Global Entry fee. At the gate with everyone else, Candice found a seat with a table. There were outlets to recharge phones and a tablet to order food and get flight updates. She generally avoids eating much right before and during flights, though, and didn’t buy any food for the gate. IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos (story continues below) FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn February's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The iconic red-lettered TWA logo stands atop the famous TWA Flight Center, now dormant, at New York JFK Airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Museum of Flight's Boeing 727, the very first ever made, is prepared for a rare, final flight in Everett, Wash., on Jan. 30, 2016. The jet is expected to fly sometime in early March.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Airbus A321 jet leaves Seattle's Boeing Field in July of 2015 with a sports charter aboard.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Light creeps into the sky as NASA's DC-8 flying laboratory cruises over western Washington State on Dec. 5, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Airbus A330 widebody jet takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 26, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A look back at American Airlines' route map circa 1952, found in a Welcome Aboard pamphlet photographed in Seattle on Jan. 27, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 jet takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport under pink skies on Dec. 26, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A brand-new Lion Air Boeing 737 performs a go-around pass over Paine Field, north of Seattle, on Jan. 9, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Three-year-old Julian returns from a holiday trip at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Jan. 3, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Smoke trails the main gear of a Delta Air Lines Boeing 757 as it lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unpainted Boeing 737 bound for European low-cost carrier Ryanair takes off from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., during a test flight on Jan. 9, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen One of New York JFK's newest visitors, a Finnair Airbus A350 jet, lands at the airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Swiss Airlines' first Boeing 777 climbs into the Pacific Northwest dusk on Jan. 9, 2016 in Mukilteo, Wash.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A small Cessna plane takes off from Snohomish County Airport in Everett, Wash., in January of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unpainted Boeing 737 bound for European low-cost carrier Ryanair takes off from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., during a test flight on Jan. 9, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Orange pastels light the early morning sky in New York City as a Delta Connection Bombardier CRJ lands at JFK Airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Completing a journey from South America, a LAN Boeing 787-9 jet lands at New York JFK Airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue aircraft operate at New York JFK Airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines employees practice a dance before the company unveils its latest branding effort in Seattle on Jan. 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines employees pose for a photo with the company's newest livery, unveiled in Seattle on Jan. 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A colorfully painted Cathay Pacific Boeing 777 jet lands at New York JFK Airport in January 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing test pilot Craig Bomben greets employees and media after completing the first Boeing 737 MAX flight in Seattle on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Icelandair Cargo Boeing 757 jet lands at New York JFK Airport in January 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A passenger checks flight status boards at New York JFK's Terminal 5 on Jan. 17, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Multiple jets traverse the taxiways and runways of New York JFK Airport on Jan. 17, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX takes to the sky for its maiden flight under rainy skies in Renton, Wash., on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Asiana Airlines Airbus A380 jet departs New York JFK for Seoul on Jan. 17, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines unveils its first livery update in 25 years at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Jan. 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unpainted Boeing 777 cargo jet takes off from Boeing Field in Seattle on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Iconic Mount Rainier provides a phenomenal photo op from an American Airlines flight in August of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Boarding and the flights Scott’s airline status means he boards early, and often gets upgraded for free to first class — where there are no middle seats and passengers still get hot meals. Finding space for luggage in the overhead bins also isn’t a worry. Elite status starts after flying 25,000 miles a year, or five roundtrip flights between New York and San Francisco. Rack up more miles, and the perks increase substantially. On this trip, Scott got upgrades both ways on Delta Air Lines. He was a served an egg sandwich, yogurt and fruit on the way to Orlando, a second breakfast after the first he enjoyed earlier in the lounge. Candice waited in a disorganized crowd by the gate to board. Her pass said “Zone 3,” which was really the sixth of Delta’s seven boarding groups. The last passengers to board often struggle to find space for their bags, but there was still room in the overhead bins by the time Candice neared her seat. Booking the flight a week in advance left Candice with a handful of middle seats to pick from. That can feel stifling for longer flights or with annoying seatmates, but was tolerable for a two-hour flight. She got cranberry juice and peanuts and defended her sliver of an armrest. Once in Orlando, Scott was off the plane in seconds. Candice was six minutes behind as other passengers gathered their belongings and the plane cleared out. IN PICTURES: 30 (more) cool aviation photos (story continues below) FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn September's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A Boeing Dreamlifter takes off from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on Sept. 3, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A restored P-51 World War II fighter takes off for a flight demonstration at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 21, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Silhouetted by the setting sun, an American Airlines Boeing 757-200 taxis to the gate at SeaTac International in August 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A restored B17 World War II-era bomber takes off on a golden hour sortie from the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 20, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Celebrating German children's book author Janosch, a flying bear graces the side of a Condor Boeing 767-300. The livery helps support the German relief fund BILD hilft e.V. – A Heart for Children.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Condor Boeing 767-300 receives some tender loving care at the company maintenance hangar in Frankfurt on Sept. 17, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Korean Air's first 747-8i is seen ahead of a Aug. 25, 2015, delivery ceremony in Everett, Wash.  Boeing Fullscreen Chefs inside the China Pacific Catering facility outside of Taipei, Taiwan, assemble salads for business-class customers aboard China Airlines flights scheduled for Dec. 2, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Final touches complete, a chef inside the sprawling China Pacific Catering facility outside Taipei, Taiwan, shows off a finished first-class appetizer on Dec. 2, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Four T6 Texans with the Aeroshell aerobatic team perform for the crowds at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 20, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Returning from fighting a fire in northeastern Washington State, a DC-10 air tanker prepares to land in Moses Lake, Wash., on Aug. 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airbus' new A350 XWB passenger jet performs for thousands on July 22, 2015 at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Colors mix with angles on a vintage aircraft at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 20, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Repositioning for a fill-up of fire retardant, a Convair 580 taxis down the ramp at the US Forest Service Air Tanker Base in Moses Lake, Wash., on Aug. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Mechanics work on the engine of a Boeing 747 inside of China Airlines' sprawling maintenance hangar in Taoyuan, Taiwan, on Dec. 3, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Mooney Acclaim Type S rests on a rural Wisconsin airstrip as the sun sets on July 19, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Balancing on one wheel, a souped-up Agcat wows the crowd at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 21, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The waters of Lake Winnebago in eastern Wisconsin reflect on the aluminum wing of a restored Ford TriMotor on July 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The upgraded "Kosmo Suite" first-class seats on Korean Air's first Boeing 747-8i.  Boeing Fullscreen An extremely rare Beech Starship takes off for a flight display at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 21, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Mount Rainier creates a gorgeous scene from onboard an American Airlines Airbus A321 on Aug. 4, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Ready to depart on a red-eye flight to Miami, an American Airlines Boeing 737-800 is loaded with luggage at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Aug. 4, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Eagle Embraer 145 jet takes off from Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Aug. 5, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Its interior gutted to save weight, a DC-10 air tanker rests between firefighting sorties at the US Forest Service Air Tanker Base in Moses Lake, Wash., on Aug. 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Formerly a eco-test aircraft for Boeing, this former Delta Air Lines Boeing 757 is seen being scrapped at Moses Lake, Wash., on Aug. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A unique Bombardier water-scooping firefighter airplane returns to Grant County International Airport in Moses Lake, Wash., on Aug. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Suction hose deployed, an Erickson Air Crane firefighting helicopter takes on another load of water from Lake Chelan, destined for the nearby Chelan Complex fire burning in north-central Washington State on Aug. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's KC-46 tanker prototype returns to Boeing Field in Seattle after a test flight on Aug. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A small private Cessna takes off for an early evening flight at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 20, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A dishwasher inside the China Pacific Catering Services facility outside of Taipei, Taiwan, checks for smudges on Dec. 2, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Rental car Members of car rental loyalty programs, even those without status, get to skip the lines at the rental counter. So Scott headed straight to the garage. He spotted a BMW X3 SUV in a lane of cars for those with National’s “executive elite” status, which comes with 12 annual rentals. He settled into the plush leather seat, turned on the nine-speaker stereo and drove off. Candice isn’t a member of any car rental programs. But on a Thursday morning, there was only one person ahead of her in line. Registration was quick and she could have picked a car from a fleet that included midsize options like the Hyundai Elantra and Toyota Corolla. Ultimately, Scott picked her up in his rental SUV. Universal Theme Park At the parks, it was Candice’s turn to be elite. Both paid $165 for a two-park ticket, but Candice added on a $99 “Universal Express” pass that let her skip lines. With Orlando at 94 degrees and humid that day, she couldn’t have been happier. On The Incredible Hulk roller coaster, Candice went through a separate entrance and to the front of the line. It took about 10 minutes for the entire experience. On the way out, she waved at Scott, who had barely moved in line in the sweltering heat. It took Scott 42 minutes, despite it being a slow day at the park. Hotel Scott was given a corner room on the 26th floor of a newer tower with floor-to-ceiling windows looking over the city. He also got access to the hotel club with free breakfast and drinks, and a nighttime happy hour with complimentary beer, wine and desserts. Elite status at hotels starts with 10 nights at a chain. The benefits start at check-in, where members often get a dedicated line. On this trip, there was nobody waiting to check-in, so there was no advantage. Candice had a room with comparable furnishings on the 12th floor of the hotel’s older tower. But she didn’t get the huge windows, and her view of the pool was slightly obstructed. Scott was rousted from sleep at 6:45 a.m. the next morning, when an electrical fire meant an evacuation and a trek down 26 flights of stairs. Later, the front desk manager left a voicemail apologizing for the rude awakening and giving Scott 15,000 points — enough for a free night at the same hotel. The disturbance wasn’t an issue for Candice — there was no fire alarm in her tower, so she got to sleep in. Follow Candice Choi at www.twitter.com/candicechoi and Scott Mayerowitz at www.twitter.com/GlobeTrotScott TODAY IN THE SKY: Sorry, paparazzi, celebs now get private treatment at LAX FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Celebrities get private treatment at new LAX luxury terminal  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. This undated artist rendering provided by The Private Suite at LAX shows a private lounge at a new $22-million facility catering to celebrities and others who want to pay a premium for privacy as they depart from or arrive at Los Angeles International Airport.  AP Fullscreen This undated artist rendering provided by The Private Suite at LAX shows the private arrival area at a new $22-million facility catering to celebrities and others who want to pay a premium for privacy as they depart from or arrive at Los Angeles International Airport.  AP Fullscreen This undated artist rendering provided by The Private Suite at LAX shows a private Transportation Security Administration portal at a new $22-million facility catering to celebrities and others who want to pay a premium for privacy as they depart from or arrive at Los Angeles International Airport.  AP Fullscreen This undated artist rendering provided by The Private Suite at LAX shows the private arrival area at a new $22-million facility catering to celebrities and others who want to pay a premium for privacy as they depart from or arrive at Los Angeles International Airport. The facility called the Private Suite opened Monday, May 15, 2017, and offers an exclusive entrance, one-on-one security screening and plush lounges.  AP Fullscreen In this Nov. 27, 2016, file photo, a plane flies over Los Angeles International Airport.  John Antczak, AP Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 5 2 of 5 3 of 5 4 of 5 5 of 5 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: Plane-spotting at San Francisco International Airport FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Planespotting at San Francisco International Airport  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A United Airlines Boeing 747 takes off for Hong Kong from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America tails group together at Terminal Two at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Emirates Airbus A380, flying in a special Los Angeles Dodgers livery, departs for Dubai from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air France Airbus A380 begins the long journey to Paris from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air China Boeing 747-8i lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A WOW Air Airbus A330 arriving from Iceland lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lufthansa Airbus A380 departs from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines ramp worker guides a departing United Boeing 747 out for departure from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Wings flexing, a United Airlines Boeing 787 takes off from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines Boeing 757s trade places at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / Special Fullscreen A tiny United Express CRJ regional jet is dwarfed by the massive the Emirates Airbus A380 taxiing behind it at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 747-400 arriving from Frankfurt, Germany, lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' first nonstop flight connecting Singapore and San Francisco taxis to the gate at San Francisco International Airport after arrival on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Jets line up for departure during the early evening rush at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 777 takes off from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A U.S. Coast Guard helicopter prepares to land at its base at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 757 taxies to the gate after arrival at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / Special Fullscreen A Japan Airlines (JAL) Boeing 777 leads the way through a heavy crosswind while a British Airways Airbus A380 follows behind for landing at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Japan Airlines Boeing 777 arriving from Tokyo lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 757 takes off from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Express CRJ regional jet lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 737-800 lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air China Boeing 777 arriving from Beijing prepares to land at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin Atlantic Boeing 787-9 takes off for London from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Berlin Airbus A330 arrives to San Francisco International Airport from Germany on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Berlin Airbus A330 departs San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen As night falls, a United Airlines Airbus A319 prepares for departure from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Jets line up for departure during the early evening rush at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Airbus A319 waits to cross the runway at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A China Southern Boeing 787 Dreamliner taxiies to a gate after arriving to San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 777 taxies out for departure on an early morning at San Francisco International Airport on April 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An entrance to San Francisco International Airport (SFO) is seen on July 1, 2016.  EPA Fullscreen A Virgin America plane lands within view of a United Airlines plane at San Francisco International Airport on Feb. 18, 2015.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen A sign is posted near the departures monitor for the new Yoga Room at San Francisco International Airport's terminal 2 on Jan. 26, 2012.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Terminal 2 is seen through the window of a sky train station at San Francisco International Airport on March 13, 2015.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 747 sits on the tarmac at San Francisco International Airport on June 10, 2015.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen A Lufthansa Airbus A380 plane lands at San Francisco International Airport on May 10, 2011.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen An American Airlines aircraft passes in view of an American Airlines gate at San Francisco International Airport's "T2" Terminal 2 on April 6, 2011.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The Virgin Galactic spaceship sits on the runway at the new T2 terminal at San Francisco International Airport on April 6, 2011.  Martin E. Klimek, for USA TODAY Fullscreen Fliers enter the San Francisco's new "T3E" gates under this modern-looking entrance area.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 40 2 of 40 3 of 40 4 of 40 5 of 40 6 of 40 7 of 40 8 of 40 9 of 40 10 of 40 11 of 40 12 of 40 13 of 40 14 of 40 15 of 40 16 of 40 17 of 40 18 of 40 19 of 40 20 of 40 21 of 40 22 of 40 23 of 40 24 of 40 25 of 40 26 of 40 27 of 40 28 of 40 29 of 40 30 of 40 31 of 40 32 of 40 33 of 40 34 of 40 35 of 40 36 of 40 37 of 40 38 of 40 39 of 40 40 of 40 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2r66oLo Most Popular
Subscribe Information that drives Canadian industry News Features Insights Technology Centre Events Plant Expo Upcoming Events More Digital Edition Plant West Salary Calculator Contacts Advertise Trudeau government forks over another $30M to keep Canada at F-35 table Partners compete for billions of dollars worth of contracts related to building and maintaining the jet fighter. May 26, 2017 by Lee Berthiaume Topics General Industries Aerospace Government Manufacturing Tags aerospace Boeing Bombardier. F-35 Lockheed manufacturing The stealthy F-35 war plane. Photo: Lockeed MartinOTTAWA — Canada has quietly paid another $30 million toward development of the F-35 – money that could become insurance in the trade dispute between US aerospace firm Boeing and Canadian rival Bombardier. The annual payment was made to the US military at the end of April, the Department of National Defence says, and will keep Canada at the table as one of nine partners in the fighter jet project for the next year. Canada has paid US$373 million into the program since 1997, National Defence spokeswoman Jessica Lamirande said in an e-mail. Staying in the program has advantages, as partners can compete for billions of dollars worth of contracts associated with the building and maintaining F-35. They also get a discount when purchasing the plane. That latter point wasn’t considered much of a benefit when Canada paid its annual instalment last year, as the Liberals had promised during the 2015 election not to buy the stealth fighter. The government instead went out of its way last July to highlight the potential benefits to Canada’s aerospace industry when explaining why it had decided to stick with the program. Those industrial benefits continue to accrue, Lamirande said, with Canadian companies having secured US$926 million in F-35-related contracts over the last 20 years – including US$114 million in the last year alone. But the trade dispute between Boeing, which builds Super Hornet fighter jets, the F-35’s main competitor, and Montreal-based Bombardier casts the decision to stick with the stealth-fighter program in a new light. Citing an urgent need for more fighter jets, the Liberal government announced last November plans to buy 18 “interim” Super Hornets until a competition could be held to replace Canada’s entire CF-18 fleet. But then last week, the government threatened to scrap the Super Hornet purchase after Boeing persuaded the US Department of Commerce to launch an investigation against Bombardier. Boeing alleges Bombardier sold its CSeries jets in the U.S. at an unfair discount thanks to subsidies from the Canadian government, while Bombardier says its planes never competed with Boeing. Many defence analysts and former air force officers have questioned whether “interim” fighter jets are needed and instead want an immediate competition to replace all of the CF-18s. But if more jets are truly needed on a short-term basis, the decision to stay at the F-35 table could be used to get a better deal on interim stealth fighters _ or even as a bargaining chip against Boeing. “If the government is in fact serious about re-evaluating its dealings with Boeing, then this could be part of showing that,” said defence analyst David Perry of the Canadian Global Affairs Institute. “Because the F-35, at least in my mind, would be a possible alternative if the government remains committed to buying separate interim aircraft.” Three other alternatives exist – the Saab Gripen, Eurofighter Typhoon and Dassault Rafale – but all are made by European companies and the government has emphasized the need for a US design. Lockheed Martin, the company behind the F-35, has remained relatively quiet about the government’s plan to buy interim Super Hornets, but is now chomping at the bit for a chance to fill any potential gap. The US company “would openly welcome discussions about interim fighter solutions,” spokeswoman Cindy Tessier said, adding that Lockheed has partnered with Bombardier on another military project. The government is providing little information as to what next steps it might take as the dispute between Boeing and Bombardier continues to play out. Boeing, for its part, has emphasized its longstanding relationship with Canada, even as representatives from its defence division have scrambled to meet and smooth the edges with Canadian officials. The US International Trade Commission, which heard arguments from both aerospace companies in a hearing last week, isn’t expected to issue a ruling until June 12. The US Department of Commerce would then decide whether to penalize Bombardier. News from © Canadian Press Enterprises Inc. 2016 Share This Post Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Print this page Related Posts A timeline of efforts to replace Canada’s CF 18 fighter jets Cabinet could decide fighter jet purchase plan by today Sajjan going back to drawing board on fighter jets Trudeau government to table budget March 22 amid Trump uncertainty Have your say: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * E-mail * Website AER to reconsider Suncor tailings plan it rejected Free trade, climate among issues on Trudeau agenda at G7 in Italy Manufacturers’ Outlook 2017 Survey results and roundtable discussion. Download PDF Sponsored by Salary Calculator Sponsored by Services Subscribe to Print E-Newsletter Advertise Content Marketing Contacts Magazine View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives Trending Canada, 10 other countries to proceed with a new TPP, without US Chinese online retailer developing one ton delivery drones Wynne hydro plan to cost $45B to save ratepayers $24B: watchdog ABB’s new $90M Montreal headquarters opens Ford taps former office furniture executive to be new CEO Canada dives deep into data to make case to US on NAFTA Crews cover partially collapsed tunnel at nuclear site Manufacturing Network Sitemap Copyright Notice Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Annex Business Media × Close REDWIRE Powered by FRASERS REDWIRE is News you can use from Leading Suppliers. Why? Suppliers realize that B2B Buyer behavior has changed and so must they. Fact is buyers are doing a lot more upfront online research as part of their buying process today. Leading Suppliers want to support this buying process with useful facts, insights and newsworthy content – goes well beyond your typical press release or web site content. Suppliers realize that the content cannot just be “self serving” in nature because the content will not engage and be useful to prospective buyers. Post your own REDWIRE News Okay
× Like what you're reading? Never miss a thing with the HuffPost Canada Politics newsletter!   Sign me up for the Daily Brief, too. Newsletter may include personalized content. Learn more. View mobile site Canada Politics Edition: ca Show/Hide عربي (Arabic) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Region: ALL Show/Hide All Canada Alberta British Columbia Québec (en français) Follow Newsletters Get Canada PoliticsNewsletters Email address Enter Email Address iOS app Android app More Desktop Alerts $USERNAME Desktop Notifications Profile Settings Logout FRONT PAGE Politics Derek Hurrell, Saskatchewan Man, Arrested For Making Threats Against Trudeau 0 Trump Clashes With G7 Leaders On Climate And Trade 0 Conservative Leadership Convention 2017: Tory Hopefuls Give Their Final Pitch For Votes 17 Liberals Quietly Pay Another $30M To Develop F-35 Jet They Pledge Not To Buy 33 Go to Politics More in Politics Althia Raj Bill C-51 Salute Politics Videos You Might Also Like US Politics UK Politics Business CBC Stands By Its 'Fair And Thorough' Subway Chicken Investigation 0 Go to Business More in Business Working Poor Joint Venture Sunny Freeman Business Videos You Might Also Like Tech TechCrunch WorldPost Syrian Women Have A Message: Drop Earrings, Not Bombs 0 Go to WorldPost More in WorldPost Foreign Affairs World Elections Arab Uprising Afghanistan War Syria Crisis You Might Also Like Travel Impact Parents Homemade Father's Day Gifts: 17 DIY Projects For Kids 0 Ajibola and Adeboye Taiwo Welcome Sextuplets After Struggling To Get Pregnant For 17 Years 0 JFK's Daughter, Grandchildren Film Video In Honour Of His 100th Birthday 0 Go to Parents More in Parents Apparently Parents Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Weddings Living What Is Pure O OCD? And How Can You Prevent It? 0 Ariana Grande Promises 'Incredibly Brave City Of Manchester' A Benefit Concert 0 Gauthier Destenay, Luxembourg's First Gentleman, Proudly Joins Spouses For NATO Picture 0 Meditation Can Have Negative Effects, As Well As Positive Ones: Study 0 21 Of The Coolest People Who Call Montreal Home 0 Go to Living More in Living 2 Minutes To Transform Apparently I'm Sold Canada Say it. Make it. Eat it. Like A Tourist Living Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Style Kheris Rogers, 10-Year-Old Bullied For Skin Tone, Started Her Own Fashion Line 0 Bella Hadid Has The Fashion World Cheering With Ralph & Russo Gown At amfAR Gala 0 Global Leaders Admire Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's NATO Socks At Summit 0 Croissant Corsages Are Now A Thing Because Spelling Is Hard 0 Olivia Skuce's Top From Pretty Little Thing Is The Epitome Of Online Shopping Fails 0 Go to Style More in Style Style Videos Beauty Fashion Celeb Style Wedding Style Best And Worst Dressed Skincare You Might Also Like Style (U.S.) Weddings Entertainment Cher Makes Us 'Believe' At The Billboard Music Awards 0 'Backpack Kid' Upstaged Katy Perry On 'SNL' And Mesmerized The Internet 0 Drake's Reaction To Vanessa Hudgens Rapping Says It All 0 Sasheer Zamata Joins 'Saturday Night Live' Exodus 0 Please Don't Make Us Watch Ellen's Interview With Jessica Simpson Again 0 Go to Entertainment You Might Also Like Music Celebrity TV Moviefone Arts J.K. Rowling Calls Trump A ‘Tiny, Little Man’ After He Shoves A PM 0 Oops! Ivanka And Jared Failed To Disclose Their Million-Dollar Art Collection 0 When Ballet Is Your Life, What Does Life After Ballet Look Like? 0 One Woman's Stripped-Down Portraits Reveal A Complex Road To Self-Love 0 24 Incredible Books To Add To Your Shelf This Summer 0 Go to Arts You Might Also Like Books Black Voices Latino Voices Gay Voices Religion Alberta Edmonton Beer Thieves Make Off With $160,000 In Suds 0 Marc Daigle, Edmonton Teacher, Charged With Child Porn 2 Fred Russell Urey, South Carolina Man, Charged With Kidnapping, Sexually Assaulting Alberta Woman 1 Go to Alberta More in Alberta Alberta Politics Alberta Business Rachel Notley Calgary Edmonton BC Girl Grabbed By Sea Lion In B.C. Being Treated For Dangerous Infection 4 Go to BC More in BC B.C. Politics B.C. Business B.C. Good News B.C. RCMP Vancouver Vancouver Housing You Might Also Like B.C.Videos All Sections News Canada Politics Canada Business US Politics US Business World Media Sports Education Crime Weird News Good News Daily Finance Entertainment Entertainment Music TV Celebrity Comedy Arts Books Moviefone Life & Style Living Style Home Healthy Living Taste Weddings Travel Parents Divorce HuffPost 50 OWN Quiet Revolution Tech & Science Tech Science Green Techcrunch Engadget TUAW Joystiq Voices Impact Women Black Voices Latino Voices Queer Voices Religion College Teen Outspeak Local Quebec (French) Calgary Montreal Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Mapquest Patch.com Our Mobile Apps: iPhone iPad Android Phone Android Tablet Politics Althia Raj Bill C-51 Politics Videos Parliament of Canada Althia Raj on Facebook UK Politics US Politics First-Aid Responders Can Refuse CPR In Fentanyl Overdoses: Red Cross RCMP Arrest Saskatchewan Man Who Made Threats Against Trudeau Edmonton Beer Thieves Make Off With $160,000 In Suds Trump Clashes With G7 Leaders On Climate And Trade Edmonton Teacher Fired After Being Charged For Child Porn 17 Homemade Father's Day Gifts For Kids Of All Ages 10-Year-Old Bullied For Dark Skin Empowers Girls With T-Shirt Line Understanding Pure O – The Terrifying Sibling Of OCD Ariana Grande Vows To Return To Manchester After Attack Luxembourg's Gay First Gentleman Joins Wives For Glorious NATO Photo Give Us A Moment Because We're Not Over Bella Hadid's Dress Meanwhile At The NATO Summit, Justin Trudeau Shows Off His Socks South Carolina Man Charged With Kidnapping Alberta Model One Couple Welcomes Six Babies After 17 Years Of Trying For Kids Girl Grabbed By B.C. Sea Lion Treated For Dangerous Infection Previous Story Next Story Liberals Quietly Pay Another $30M To Develop F-35 Jet They Pledge Not To Buy CP  |  By Lee Berthiaume, The Canadian Press Posted: 05/26/2017 9:21 am EDT Updated: 05/26/2017 9:38 am EDT Share Tweet Email Comment tumblr reddit ADVERTISEMENT OTTAWA — Canada has quietly paid another $30 million toward development of the F-35 — money that could become insurance in the trade dispute between U.S. aerospace firm Boeing and Canadian rival Bombardier. The annual payment was made to the U.S. military at the end of April, the Department of National Defence says, and will keep Canada at the table as one of nine partners in the fighter jet project for the next year. Canada has paid US$373 million into the program since 1997, National Defence spokeswoman Jessica Lamirande said in an email. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan takes part in a press conference at the NATO summit in Brussels, Belgium on May 25, 2017. (Photo: Sean Kilpatrick/The Canadian Press) Staying in the program has advantages, as partners can compete for billions of dollars worth of contracts associated with the building and maintaining F-35. They also get a discount when purchasing the plane. That latter point wasn't considered much of a benefit when Canada paid its annual instalment last year, as the Liberals had promised during the 2015 election not to buy the stealth fighter. The government instead went out of its way last July to highlight the potential benefits to Canada's aerospace industry when explaining why it had decided to stick with the program. Those industrial benefits continue to accrue, Lamirande said, with Canadian companies having secured US$926 million in F-35-related contracts over the last 20 years — including US$114 million in the last year alone. Liberals seek 'interim' Super Hornets But the trade dispute between Boeing, which builds Super Hornet fighter jets, the F-35's main competitor, and Montreal-based Bombardier casts the decision to stick with the stealth-fighter program in a new light. Citing an urgent need for more fighter jets, the Liberal government announced last November plans to buy 18 "interim" Super Hornets until a competition could be held to replace Canada's entire CF-18 fleet. But then last week, the government threatened to scrap the Super Hornet purchase after Boeing persuaded the U.S. Department of Commerce to launch an investigation against Bombardier. Boeing alleges Bombardier sold its CSeries jets in the U.S. at an unfair discount thanks to subsidies from the Canadian government, while Bombardier says its planes never competed with Boeing. A better deal down the road? Many defence analysts and former air force officers have questioned whether "interim" fighter jets are needed and instead want an immediate competition to replace all of the CF-18s. But if more jets are truly needed on a short-term basis, the decision to stay at the F-35 table could be used to get a better deal on interim stealth fighters — or even as a bargaining chip against Boeing. "If the government is in fact serious about re-evaluating its dealings with Boeing, then this could be part of showing that," said defence analyst David Perry of the Canadian Global Affairs Institute. "Because the F-35, at least in my mind, would be a possible alternative if the government remains committed to buying separate interim aircraft." Also on HuffPost Canada: Close  Current MPs With Military Experience (2016) of   Party: Liberal Riding: Vancouver South, British Columbia Military Organization and Past Titles: Commandant, British Columbia Regiment; Lieutenant-Colonel, Canadian Forces; Aide de Camp, Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia Party: Liberal Riding: Aurora--Oak Ridges--Richmond Hill, Ontario Military Organization and Titles: Logistics Officer, Canadian Forces (Air Force), retiring with the rank of Captain Party: Liberal Riding: Orléans, Ontario Military Organization and Past Titles: Chief of Transformation, Canadian Forces; Chief of Staff, Canadian Forces (Army); Deputy Commander, International Security Assistance Force in Kabul, Afghanistan; Commander, Land Force Doctrine and Training System; Commander, Land Force Command; Director of Command, Control, Communications and Computer Systems, Canadian Forces; Commander, 1st Canadian Mechanized Brigade Group; Colonel, Canadian Forces (Army); Member, 1st Field Regiment, Royal Canadian Horse Artillery; Member, 30th Field Artillery Regiment Party: NDP Riding: Abitibi--Témiscamingue, Quebec Military Organization and Past Titles: Officer Cadet, Canadian Forces (Army), and Corporal, 52nd Field Ambulance Party: Conservative Riding: Durham, Ontario Military Organization and Past Titles: Member, Canadian Forces; Officer, Royal Canadian Air Force; Officer, Royal Canadian Air Force 8 Wing (Trenton, Ontario); Air Navigator, Royal Canadian Air Force 17 Wing (Winnipeg, Manitoba); Captain, Royal Canadian Air Force 423 Squadron (Shearwater, Nova Scotia); Training Officer, Royal Canadian Air Force 406 Squadron (Reserve) Party: Conservative Riding: Beauport--Limoilou, Quebec Military Organization and Past Title: Master Bombardier, 6th Field Artillery Brigade Party: Bloc Quebecois Riding: Terrebonne, Quebec Military Organization and Past Titles: Infantry Officer, Royal 22e Régiment Party: Conservative Riding: Charlesbourg--Haute-Saint-Charles, Quebec Military Organization and Past Titles: Commandant, Regiment de la Chaudière, and Officer, Canadian Forces (Reserve) Party: Liberal Riding: Kelowna--Lake Country, British Columbia Military Organization and Past Titles: Flight Commander, Canadian Forces Instrument Check Pilot School; Officer, 2nd Canadian Forces Flight Training School; Major, 1st Canadian Air Division; Flight instructor, Canadian Forces (Air Force) Party: Liberal Riding: Westmount--Ville-Marie, Quebec Military Organization and Past Titles: Captain, Canadian Forces (Navy) and Combat Systems Engineer, Canadian Forces (Navy) Party: Liberal Riding: Winnipeg Centre, Manitoba Military Organization and Past Titles: Petty Officer 2nd class, Royal Canadian Navy; Sergeant-at-Arms, 5th Valcartier Field Ambulance, Member, Canadian Forces (Navy Reserve) Party: Liberal Riding: Winnipeg North, Manitoba Military Organization and Past Titles: Air Traffic Controller, Canadian Forces (Air Force) Party: Liberal Riding: Kanata--Carleton, Ontario Military Organization and Past Titles: Lieutenant-Colonel, 429 Transport Squadron; Air Navigator, Canadian Forces (Air Force); Member, Windsor Regiment (RCAC) and Royal Canadian Army Cadets Party: Liberal Riding: Pitt Meadows--Maple Ridge, British Columbia Military Organization and Past Titles: Member, Canadian Army Reserve Force Party: Liberal Riding: Ville-Marie--Le Sud-Ouest--Île-des-Soeurs, Quebec Military Organization and Past Titles: Commander, Canadian Infantry Party: Liberal Riding: Brampton Centre, Ontario Military Organization and Past Titles: Member, Indian Air Force UP NEXT: Unseen Sides Of The Afghan War Check out a selection of photographs from Razistan below showing the unseen sides of the war. Mussa Ahmadi, an 18-year-old heroin addict in Kabul. Photo: Sandra Calligaro A refugee camp on the outskirts of Kabul. Photo: Jonte Wentzel Outdoor school for children in eastern Afghanistan. Photo: Jacob Simkin Afghan National Army recruits on a night-time training exercise. Photo: Joel van Houdt Fahim Bash rehearses in his studio in Kabul's musicians' neighborhood on Koche Kharabat Road. Photo: Lorenzo Tugnoli Audience members at Afghan Star, a popular Afghan television show. Photo: John Wendle A Pashtun man and his wife visit the doctor. Photo: Mikhail Galustov Soldier in a sandstorm in Northern Afghanistan. Photo: Joel van Houdt The cast and crew of the production "Doste" film a scene on the outskirts of Kabul. Photo: Jonathan Saruk/Getty Images An Afghan commando on patrol in Helmand Province. Photo: Pieter ten Hoopen  Share  Tweet  ✖ Advertisement Share this ✖ close Current Slide Three other alternatives exist — the Saab Gripen, Eurofighter Typhoon and Dassault Rafale — but all are made by European companies and the government has emphasized the need for a U.S. design. Lockheed Martin, the company behind the F-35, has remained relatively quiet about the government's plan to buy interim Super Hornets, but is now chomping at the bit for a chance to fill any potential gap. The U.S. company "would openly welcome discussions about interim fighter solutions," spokeswoman Cindy Tessier said, adding that Lockheed has partnered with Bombardier on another military project. The government is providing little information as to what next steps it might take as the dispute between Boeing and Bombardier continues to play out. Boeing, for its part, has emphasized its longstanding relationship with Canada, even as representatives from its defence division have scrambled to meet and smooth the edges with Canadian officials. The U.S. International Trade Commission, which heard arguments from both aerospace companies in a hearing last week, isn't expected to issue a ruling until June 12. The U.S. Department of Commerce would then decide whether to penalize Bombardier. More: cp f-35 liberals Harjit Sajjan Harjit Sajjan f-35 justin trudeau f-35 program canada fighter jets Canada F-35 costs canada f-35 program Suggest a correction   Click here to view Conversations Conversations Suggested For You FOLLOW HUFFPOST Email Email Address Please check the checkbox to indicate your consent Options HuffPost Daily Brief Politics Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.. Facebook HuffPost Politics Twitter HuffPost Follow Politics Follow Google Plus HuffPost Politics RSS The Huffington Post Politics All RSS / Feeds Phone Available on the App Store Android App on Google Play Get it at Blackberry App World advertise make HuffPost your home page RSS careers FAQ user agreement privacy policy comment policy about us about our ads contact us Archive Copyright ©2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. 2017© Part of HuffPost Politics Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story. Notify message * Required * * * What kind of error is this? Choose an option Factual or typographical Comment moderation problem Rights and permissions Other * What is the correction? 0 count Describe the error here (1,000 character limit) * Type the words below so we know you are not a cyborg Sign me up for The Huffington Post's Daily Brief Thanks for your report!
Airforce Technology News, views and contacts from the global Air Force industry Log in or Register Aircraft Aircraft Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Analysis The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Helicopters Helicopters Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Unmanned Systems Unmanned Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Snipe Nano Quadrotor UAS Snipe Nano Quadrotor UAS Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Projects PD-1 Unmanned Aerial System PD-1 Unmanned Aerial System Projects UVH-29E Unmanned Aerial Vehicle UVH-29E Unmanned Aerial Vehicle C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Projects GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft Weapons and Systems Weapons and Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Analysis XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks MRO and Logistics MRO and Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Analysis Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers 3W International - Heavy-Fuel and Gas Engines for Unmanned Aircraft Heavy-Fuel and Gas Engines for Unmanned Aircraft Suppliers Stäubli Electrical Connectors - Technological Solutions and Contact Systems for the Defence Industry Technological Solutions and Contact Systems for the Defence Industry Suppliers Rubb Buildings - Hangars and Sunshades for Military Aircraft and Helicopters Hangars and Sunshades for Military Aircraft and Helicopters Suppliers VPT - High-Reliability Power Conversion Products for Military and Avionics Applications High-Reliability Power Conversion Products for Military and Avionics Applications Videos Events Advertise With Us All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » News On May 26 2017 DARPA and Boeing team up to build spaceplane for US military The US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) and Boeing have teamed up to design, build and test a technology demonstration vehicle for Boeing's Experimental Spaceplane (XS-1) programme. The programme seeks to demonstrate the technology required to construct and fly a reusable aircraft that could perform a variety of military and commercial missions such as responsive launch, hypersonic flight test and global reach intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR). Through the collaboration, Boeing will develop a spaceplane called Phantom Express to enable faster, more affordable small military and commercial satellite launches. The autonomous, reusable spaceplane will have the ability to carry and deploy a small expendable upper stage to launch small satellites, weighing 1,361kg, into low-Earth orbit. After reaching the edge of space, Phantom Express will deploy the second stage and return to Earth. "Phantom Express is designed to disrupt and transform the satellite launch process as we know it today, creating a new, on-demand space-launch capability that can be achieved more affordably and with less risk." Boeing Phantom Works president Darryl Davis said: “Phantom Express is designed to disrupt and transform the satellite launch process as we know it today, creating a new, on-demand space-launch capability that can be achieved more affordably and with less risk.” The Phantom Express will be powered by Aerojet Rocketdyne AR-22 engine, which runs on liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen fuel. This spaceplane is said to provide an advanced airframe design and third-generation thermal protection to create a vehicle capable of flying at high flight velocity, while carrying a smaller, more affordable expendable upper stage to achieve the mission objectives. Boeing and DARPA plan to conduct ten test flights of Phantom Express for ten days, during the test phase of the programme. Image: Artist’s concept of Phantom Express preparing to launch its expendable second stage on the top of the vehicle. Photo: courtesy of Boeing. Share Related Articles » Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest air force industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Contact us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.airforce-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
Get space news in your inbox. Sign up for the Go For Launch newsletter. News NASA, Space and Science NASA's delay of megarocket launch puts competition in spotlight SpaceX launched its Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center on Monday, May 15, 2017, carrying a 13,400-pound satellite into space for London-based Inmarsat. Marco SantanaContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy NASA’s delay in ferrying astronauts to the moon comes as competition has heated up, with SpaceX and Boeing aiming to build passenger capsules and heavy-lift craft — and launch them from Florida — by the end of next year. “You can make a strong argument that NASA is in a space race with SpaceX right now,” said Ray Lugo, director of the University of Central Florida’s Space Institute. “The commercial guys have a much more streamlined process.” NASA recently announced that a maiden voyage of its behemoth Space Launch System would be pushed back from November 2018 into at least 2019, with human flight on SLS waiting until a second mission aimed at 2021. The delay followed a report from the Government Accountability Office that called the optimistic timeline “likely unachievable.” Facing stiff competition from companies like SpaceX and Boing, NASA has delayed the debut of its massive launch system into 2019. Facing stiff competition from companies like SpaceX and Boing, NASA has delayed the debut of its massive launch system into 2019. See more videos Trying to launch next year “is not in the best interest of the program, and we are in the process of establishing a new target in 2019,” NASA Associate Administrator for Human Exploration and Operations William Gerstenmaier agreed in an April 12 response. The delay “is unfortunate, but not surprising,” said Phil Larson, an assistant dean at the University of Colorado who previously worked with SpaceX and who was former space policy adviser to President Barack Obama. “If you talk to folks in the agency, they all knew this was coming.” NASA relies heavily on a federal budget that fluctuates from year to year. The testing phase for its vehicles can take more time while dealing with layers of governmental approval. “People expect them to get it right every time because they have to explain when they don’t to 300 million Americans,” Lugo said. “So it’s hard to compare the two.” Private companies, like early-stage startup firms, can work directly with private financial backers or billionaire CEOs when making adjustments. That can include NASA as a client. Boeing and SpaceX have signed NASA contracts for the use of their crew capsules to send astronauts to the International Space Station. SpaceX’s Dragon 2 capsule is planned to run a test flight later this year and a crewed flight in May 2018. The company is preparing to send two private citizens around the moon next year, as well. SpaceX said last week that the mission remains on track — but Musk said at a news conference in February that they would prioritize the launch of astronauts for NASA if conflicts arose. Boeing’s CST-100 Starliner capsule has three major milestones scheduled for 2018: a test flight in June, a human test flight in August and a trip to the International Space Station in December. In April, the Denver Post reported that United Launch Alliance President and CEO Tory Bruno announced at a space symposium that the company wants to “develop a fleet of ‘space trucks’ to ferry people between Earth and moon.” The timing of that effort is unclear. A ULA spokeswoman declined comment. The term “space race” might be too strong, said Mary Lynne Ditmar, executive director of the Coalition for Deep Space Exploration. The nonprofit advocates for deep-space exploration. “The objectives of these players are really different,” Ditmar said. While NASA hopes to build infrastructure in space that will support deep-space exploration, she says, “SpaceX and ULA are both in the business of making money and bringing value to their investors and shareholders.” The SLS delays likely come from NASA’s tendency to play it safe, Space Florida President and CEO Frank Dibello said. “What you are hearing is NASA’s conservative risk-management approach,” Dibello said. “They want to make sure they are comfortable with the vehicle and make it safe for when they put humans in it. It’s a perfectly reasonable decision.” “Schedules rarely slip to the left. They almost always slip to the right.” President Donald Trump had asked NASA to consider sending an astronaut on the November 2018 test flight, known as Exploration Mission 1. Lugo trusts that NASA officials believe their new 2019 timeline for Exploration Mission 1 but would likely not be too hesitant to push that back if needed. “They try not to be too schedule-driven,” he said. “But they are also not ignorant of the fact that people expect them to hold a schedule. When you look at the pace SpaceX has been on, though, the people at NASA have to say that they look to be on schedule.” Got a news tip? msantana@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5256; Twitter, @marcosantana Caption The Chandra X-ray Observatory has looked at the Crab Nebula many times since the telescope was launched in 1999. These new images in "technicolor" view allows astronomers to better understand the physics behind this famous cosmic object. The Chandra X-ray Observatory has looked at the Crab Nebula many times since the telescope was launched in 1999. These new images in "technicolor" view allows astronomers to better understand the physics behind this famous cosmic object. Caption The Chandra X-ray Observatory has looked at the Crab Nebula many times since the telescope was launched in 1999. These new images in "technicolor" view allows astronomers to better understand the physics behind this famous cosmic object. The Chandra X-ray Observatory has looked at the Crab Nebula many times since the telescope was launched in 1999. These new images in "technicolor" view allows astronomers to better understand the physics behind this famous cosmic object. Caption Parked in space a million miles from Earth, the Earth Polychromatic Imaging Camera (EPIC) onboard the Deep Space Climate Observatory (DSCOVR) captures glimmers of reflected sunlight, evidence of ice crystals in the atmosphere.  Parked in space a million miles from Earth, the Earth Polychromatic Imaging Camera (EPIC) onboard the Deep Space Climate Observatory (DSCOVR) captures glimmers of reflected sunlight, evidence of ice crystals in the atmosphere.  Caption Four of the eight vehicle support posts were installed on the mobile launcher that will take the Space Launch System to the launch pad and work continues on the Orion crew capsule at Kennedy Space Center. Four of the eight vehicle support posts were installed on the mobile launcher that will take the Space Launch System to the launch pad and work continues on the Orion crew capsule at Kennedy Space Center. Caption A drone captured this view as a structural test version of the core stage engine section for NASA's new heavy-lift rocket, the Space Launch System, was loaded onto the agency's barge Pegasus at NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans for transport to NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama. At Marshall, engineers will test it with millions of pounds of force to ensure the hardware can withstand the extreme forces of launch and ascent. A drone captured this view as a structural test version of the core stage engine section for NASA's new heavy-lift rocket, the Space Launch System, was loaded onto the agency's barge Pegasus at NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans for transport to NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama. At Marshall, engineers will test it with millions of pounds of force to ensure the hardware can withstand the extreme forces of launch and ascent. Caption SpaceX launched its Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center on Monday, May 15, 2017, carrying a 13,400-pound satellite into space for London-based Inmarsat. SpaceX launched its Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center on Monday, May 15, 2017, carrying a 13,400-pound satellite into space for London-based Inmarsat. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 71°
Latest News Dow 21,080 -2.67 -0.01% Nasdaq 6,210 +4.94 +0.08% S&P 500 2,416 +0.75 +0.03% 5/26 Updated Why one hedge-fund titan is bracing for ‘all hell to break lose’ in the stock market 5/26 Updated After 33 hours, Delta Air Lines finally releases puppy from cargo in Guatemala 5/26 Updated Want to invest in bitcoin? Investors need to be willing to lose it all, adviser says 5/26 Updated Wall Street laughed at a call for bitcoin at $25,000—but after a 400% surge, the laughter is fading 5/26 Updated What the contents of this Depression-era purse says about American women in 2017 5/26 Updated This is why Dutch kids are much happier than American children 5/26 Updated When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen 5/26 Updated S&P 500, Nasdaq book narrow records ahead of Memorial Day weekend 5/26 U.K. Anger Toward the U.S.: Three Things to Know 5/26 Snap acquires drone startup: Report 5/26 White House weighing major changes, including vetting of Trump tweets 5/26 Updated These are the highest (and lowest) paying jobs in every state across the country 5/26 Updated The many failures of Elon Musk, captured in one giant infographic 5/26 ShotSpotter IPO: Five things to know about the gunshot-detection company 5/26 Updated Hollywood is running out of hit ’80s movies to reboot 5/26 Updated Read this before jumping into a swimming pool this summer 5/26 Rapper Nelly tells Moneyish what unloading trucks at McDonald’s taught him about life 5/26 Updated You can make a decent living (and actually save money) in these American cities 5/26 Tech stocks are single-handedly helping active managers outperform 5/26 When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about U.S. jobs, it’s time to listen Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release National Safety Council Announces Winners of its Prestigious Green Cross for Safety Awards By Published: May 26, 2017 12:30 a.m. ET Share The Boeing Company, PotashCorp and Deputy Chief Lou Jogmen recognized for outstanding commitment to safety ITASCA, Ill., May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The National Safety Council presented its prestigious Green Cross for Safety Awards to individuals and organizations that have helped save lives and prevent injuries. The Council presented the Excellence Award to PotashCorp, the Innovation Award to The Boeing Company and the Advocate Award to Deputy Police Chief Lou Jogmen of the Park Ridge (Ill.) Police Department. National Safety Council leadership and award sponsors recognized each winner during a ceremony on Thursday at Coronado Island in San Diego. "PotashCorp, The Boeing Company and Deputy Chief Jogmen have helped make our world a safer place to work and live," said Deborah A.P. Hersman, president and CEO of the National Safety Council. "We are proud to honor them and to recognize all the outstanding finalists that share the Council's goal of eliminating preventable deaths and injuries in our lifetime." PotashCorp recognized that tools and procedures designed to reduce injuries as a whole do not always affect serious injury and fatality (SIF) rates. To close the gap, PotashCorp developed a system to empower workers to identify potential SIF exposure before an incident and provides training so employees can identify potential problems in routine activities. The approach includes reviewing everyday tasks for risk, integrating injury prevention into all safety processes and following up on all incidents for SIF potential. The Boeing Company developed a fall protection system – the Piranha Lox True Interlock Harness – that disables a work platform if a worker is not properly hooked into his or her Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). Falls account for 10 percent of all occupational deaths each year; in more than 75 percent of those fatalities, PPE is available but either not used or used incorrectly. Deputy Chief Lou Jogmen spearheaded the inaugural Illinois Rail Safety Week in 2014 by gathering more than 300 independent police agencies, county sheriff departments, private firms and state agencies to promote public awareness through education, enforcement and rail safety engineering advances. The model has been expanded to other campaigns in Illinois, including distracted driving awareness, and was used to introduce National Rail Safety Week in 2016, co-sponsored by International Association of Chiefs of Police and Operation Lifesaver. The finalists were selected from over 50 applicants reviewed and evaluated by an external panel. Other finalists included Odebrecht Construction, Chatham County, Ga., Tracey Holmberg of Swedish Medical Center in Denver, Colo., and Trenda McPherson of the Florida Motorcycle Safety Coalition in Tallahassee, Fla. Visit greencross.nsc.org for additional information about each winner and finalist. About the National Safety Council Founded in 1913 and chartered by Congress, the National Safety Council, nsc.org, is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to save lives by eliminating preventable deaths at work, in homes and communities, and on the road through leadership, research, education and advocacy. NSC advances this mission by partnering with businesses, government agencies, elected officials and the public in areas where we can make the most impact – distracted driving, teen driving, workplace safety, prescription drug overdoses and Safe Communities. Safety+Health magazine, the Council's flagship publication, is a leading source of occupational safety and health information. Connect with NSC: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/national-safety-council-announces-winners-of-its-prestigious-green-cross-for-safety-awards-300464395.html SOURCE National Safety Council Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage Snap acquires drone startup: Report Hollywood is running out of hit ’80s movies to reboot 4 reasons why Donald Trump will be re-elected in 2020 Most Popular Why one hedge-fund titan is bracing for ‘all hell to break lose’ in the stock market Hollywood is running out of hit ’80s movies to reboot When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen It’s time to plan an escape route, for you and your money, from Trumpland 'Alien: Covenant': How the Prequel Sequel Fits Into Franchise Timeline MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi National Safety Council Announces Winners of its Prestigious Green Cross for Safety Awards The Boeing Company, PotashCorp and Deputy Chief Lou Jogmen recognized for outstanding commitment to safety News provided by National Safety Council 26 May, 2017, 00:30 ET Share this article ITASCA, Ill., May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The National Safety Council presented its prestigious Green Cross for Safety Awards to individuals and organizations that have helped save lives and prevent injuries. The Council presented the Excellence Award to PotashCorp, the Innovation Award to The Boeing Company and the Advocate Award to Deputy Police Chief Lou Jogmen of the Park Ridge (Ill.) Police Department. National Safety Council leadership and award sponsors recognized each winner during a ceremony on Thursday at Coronado Island in San Diego. "PotashCorp, The Boeing Company and Deputy Chief Jogmen have helped make our world a safer place to work and live," said Deborah A.P. Hersman, president and CEO of the National Safety Council. "We are proud to honor them and to recognize all the outstanding finalists that share the Council's goal of eliminating preventable deaths and injuries in our lifetime." PotashCorp recognized that tools and procedures designed to reduce injuries as a whole do not always affect serious injury and fatality (SIF) rates. To close the gap, PotashCorp developed a system to empower workers to identify potential SIF exposure before an incident and provides training so employees can identify potential problems in routine activities. The approach includes reviewing everyday tasks for risk, integrating injury prevention into all safety processes and following up on all incidents for SIF potential. The Boeing Company developed a fall protection system – the Piranha Lox True Interlock Harness – that disables a work platform if a worker is not properly hooked into his or her Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). Falls account for 10 percent of all occupational deaths each year; in more than 75 percent of those fatalities, PPE is available but either not used or used incorrectly. Deputy Chief Lou Jogmen spearheaded the inaugural Illinois Rail Safety Week in 2014 by gathering more than 300 independent police agencies, county sheriff departments, private firms and state agencies to promote public awareness through education, enforcement and rail safety engineering advances. The model has been expanded to other campaigns in Illinois, including distracted driving awareness, and was used to introduce National Rail Safety Week in 2016, co-sponsored by International Association of Chiefs of Police and Operation Lifesaver. The finalists were selected from over 50 applicants reviewed and evaluated by an external panel. Other finalists included Odebrecht Construction, Chatham County, Ga., Tracey Holmberg of Swedish Medical Center in Denver, Colo., and Trenda McPherson of the Florida Motorcycle Safety Coalition in Tallahassee, Fla. Visit greencross.nsc.org for additional information about each winner and finalist. About the National Safety Council Founded in 1913 and chartered by Congress, the National Safety Council, nsc.org, is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to save lives by eliminating preventable deaths at work, in homes and communities, and on the road through leadership, research, education and advocacy. NSC advances this mission by partnering with businesses, government agencies, elected officials and the public in areas where we can make the most impact – distracted driving, teen driving, workplace safety, prescription drug overdoses and Safe Communities. Safety+Health magazine, the Council's flagship publication, is a leading source of occupational safety and health information. Connect with NSC: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/national-safety-council-announces-winners-of-its-prestigious-green-cross-for-safety-awards-300464395.html SOURCE National Safety Council Related Links http://www.nsc.org 18 May, 2017, 12:14 ET Preview: More than 400 People May Be Killed in Car Crashes During Memorial Day Weekend My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 11 May, 2017, 18:56 ET More than 400 People May Be Killed in Car Crashes During Memorial... 11 May, 2017, 18:56 ET National Safety Council Releases Annual Compilation of the... Explore More news releases in similar topics Awards Public Safety Not For Profit You just read: National Safety Council Announces Winners of its Prestigious Green Cross for Safety Awards News provided by National Safety Council 26 May, 2017, 00:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman National Safety Council Announces Winners of its Prestigious Green Cross for Safety Awards The Boeing Company, PotashCorp and Deputy Chief Lou Jogmen recognized for outstanding commitment to safety ITASCA, Ill., May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The National Safety Council presented its prestigious Green Cross for Safety Awards to individuals and organizations that have helped save lives and prevent injuries. The Council presented the Excellence Award to PotashCorp, the Innovation Award to The Boeing Company and the Advocate Award to Deputy Police Chief Lou Jogmen of the Park Ridge (Ill.) Police Department. National Safety Council leadership and award sponsors recognized each winner during a ceremony on Thursday at Coronado Island in San Diego. "PotashCorp, The Boeing Company and Deputy Chief Jogmen have helped make our world a safer place to work and live," said Deborah A.P. Hersman, president and CEO of the National Safety Council. "We are proud to honor them and to recognize all the outstanding finalists that share the Council's goal of eliminating preventable deaths and injuries in our lifetime." PotashCorp recognized that tools and procedures designed to reduce injuries as a whole do not always affect serious injury and fatality (SIF) rates. To close the gap, PotashCorp developed a system to empower workers to identify potential SIF exposure before an incident and provides training so employees can identify potential problems in routine activities. The approach includes reviewing everyday tasks for risk, integrating injury prevention into all safety processes and following up on all incidents for SIF potential. The Boeing Company developed a fall protection system – the Piranha Lox True Interlock Harness – that disables a work platform if a worker is not properly hooked into his or her Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). Falls account for 10 percent of all occupational deaths each year; in more than 75 percent of those fatalities, PPE is available but either not used or used incorrectly. Deputy Chief Lou Jogmen spearheaded the inaugural Illinois Rail Safety Week in 2014 by gathering more than 300 independent police agencies, county sheriff departments, private firms and state agencies to promote public awareness through education, enforcement and rail safety engineering advances. The model has been expanded to other campaigns in Illinois, including distracted driving awareness, and was used to introduce National Rail Safety Week in 2016, co-sponsored by International Association of Chiefs of Police and Operation Lifesaver. The finalists were selected from over 50 applicants reviewed and evaluated by an external panel. Other finalists included Odebrecht Construction, Chatham County, Ga., Tracey Holmberg of Swedish Medical Center in Denver, Colo., and Trenda McPherson of the Florida Motorcycle Safety Coalition in Tallahassee, Fla. Visit greencross.nsc.org for additional information about each winner and finalist. About the National Safety Council Founded in 1913 and chartered by Congress, the National Safety Council, nsc.org, is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to save lives by eliminating preventable deaths at work, in homes and communities, and on the road through leadership, research, education and advocacy. NSC advances this mission by partnering with businesses, government agencies, elected officials and the public in areas where we can make the most impact – distracted driving, teen driving, workplace safety, prescription drug overdoses and Safe Communities. Safety+Health magazine, the Council's flagship publication, is a leading source of occupational safety and health information. Connect with NSC: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube SOURCE National Safety Council CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards, Not For Profit, Public Safety Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 1791 Supply & Co Announces Its First Show & Shop in Las Colinas, TX Next PostNext Hope Fest Hopes to Raise More Than Awareness To Fight The Opioid Epidemic Search Recent Posts APPROACHING DEADLINE: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm APPROACHING DEADLINE: Lundin Law PC Announces a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Alliance MMA, Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm EQUITY ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Barrick Gold Corporation and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm EQUITY ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Ocwen Financial Corporation and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Public Invited to June 3 Model Grand Opening of Rancho Tesoro in San Marcos by Brookfield Residential and California West Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
White Papers Magazines  Subscribe Now !  Sign In Sign Out      Job Opportunities      Subscribe for 1 year - Get 2 months FREE!!     TRY IT NOW Home ::  WMD ::  Library ::  News ::  Iran ::  2017 ::  May ::  SITREP Military WMD Menu                            Introduction Systems Facilities Agencies Operations Countries Hot Documents News Reports Policy Budget Congress Links Intelligence Homeland Security Space Public Eye Weapons of Mass Destruction (WMD) Further Reading U.S. Treasury Eyes More Sanctions On Iran, Reviews Aircraft Sales In-Depth Coverage RFE/RL May 25, 2017 The U.S. Treasury chief told Congress on May 24 that he is looking for ways to increase sanctions on Iran, including by reviewing licenses the Treasury previously granted to Boeing and Airbus to sell aircraft to Iran. "We will use everything within our power to put additional sanctions on Iran, Syria, and North Korea to protect American lives," Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said in testimony to the House Ways and Means Committee. "I can assure you that's a big focus of mine and I discuss it with the president," he said, adding that the Trump administration is convinced that sanctions "really work." Mnuchin did not elaborate on the department's review of the aircraft sale licenses, which were issued by the Treasury last year under a 2015 agreement between Tehran and world powers to lift economic sanctions in return for curbs on Iran's nuclear activities. His statements followed President Donald Trump's call on Iran to stop funding "terrorists and militias" during a trip this week to the Middle East. The Boeing aircraft sale was the biggest deal for a U.S. business contemplated in the landmark nuclear accord, while the Airbus sales were also among the largest business deals to come out of the agreement. IranAir has agreed to buy 200 U.S. and European passenger aircraft worth up to $37 billion at list prices, though such deals typically include big discounts. They include 80 jets from Boeing and 100 from Airbus. All the aircraft need U.S. licenses because of their reliance on U.S. parts. Most of Iran's aging fleet of 250 commercial planes were purchased before 1979, and only 162 were operational last year, with the rest grounded because of a lack of spare parts. Iran has said that halting the aircraft sales would breach the nuclear agreement, though some legal experts say the Treasury has the authority to withdraw the licenses. For Boeing, losing the IranAir deal could force it to cut back production of its 777 passenger jetliners. "Boeing continues to follow the lead of the U.S. government with regards to working with Iran's airlines, and any and all contracts with Iran's airlines are contingent upon U.S. government approval," a spokeswoman told Reuters by e-mail. With reporting by Reuters, Times of Israel, and Press TV Source: https://www.rferl.org/a/us-treasury-eyes-more- sanctions-iran-reviews-boeing-airbus-sales-mnuchin/28507907.html Copyright (c) 2017. RFE/RL, Inc. Reprinted with the permission of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, 1201 Connecticut Ave., N.W. Washington DC 20036. NEWSLETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address   Advertise with Us | About Us | GlobalSecurity.org In the News | Internships | Site Map | Privacy Copyright © 2000-2017 GlobalSecurity.org All rights reserved. Site maintained by: John Pike
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Manchester Concert Explosion Democrats vs. Trump TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Travel Consumer Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 11 2017, 4:46 am ET Boeing Halts Test Flights of New 737 Over Engine Issue Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement DALLAS — Boeing is suspending test flights of a new airliner because of a possible problem in the manufacturing of a key engine part. The company said Wednesday that it still plans to deliver the first Boeing 737 Max later this month, and production will continue. A Boeing 737 MAX 9 under construction at the company's production facility in Renton, Washington, on Feb. 13. Jason Redmond / Reuters file The news sent Boeing Co. shares down nearly 4 percent, although they recovered partly to close at $183.18, down $2.31, or 1.3 percent. Chicago-based Boeing was notified last week of a potential issue involving turbine engine discs produced by a supplier to engine maker CFM International. Boeing said it has not experienced any problems with the discs during more than 2,000 hours of testing. It poses no safety concerns for travelers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 Max but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists. Timely delivery is important to planemakers as they get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer. The Max is designed to be a more fuel-efficient version of the workhorse 737, Boeing's most popular commercial plane. Malaysia's Malindo Air plans to take delivery of the first Max in a few days and begin using it for passenger flights before July. Dallas-based Southwest Airlines Co. expects to begin using the plane this fall. It said Boeing had not warned it of any delays to its delivery schedule. Related: China's 'Homegrown' Competitor to 737 Takes to the Skies American Airlines Group Inc., which has 100 737 MAX jets on order, declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. The discs in question are made by a supplier to CFM International, a joint venture of General Electric and France's Safran. GE spokeswoman Jamie Jewell declined to identify the supplier. She said GE and Safran will work with the supplier to find and correct any shortcomings in the manufacturing process while also turning to a backup supplier to keep production of engines on schedule. A Boeing logo on one of the firm's 737 Max 9 jets. Jason Redmond / AFP - Getty Images file In a written statement, Boeing said it will work with CFM "to understand the precise scope and root cause of the quality issue." New planes and parts go through extensive testing to turn up problems before passengers go on board. Cai von Rumohr, an analyst with Cowen and Co., said "this doesn't look like a serious concern" because Boeing still expects to deliver the first plane this month and it appears to be a fixable manufacturing problem rather than a design flaw. Boeing has built about 9,500 single-aisle 737s since the late 1960s. The company said it has taken more than 3,700 orders for the Max, which carries a list price of $112.4 million to $119.2 million, although airlines routinely get big discounts. Contributors Associated Press and Reuters Topics Travel, Tech News, U.S. news, World First Published May 11 2017, 4:44 am ET Next Story The Week in Pictures: May 19 - 25 advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman DARPA chooses Boeing for their XS-1 space plane project The Boeing Company was chose by DARPA to continue development process their version of future space plane known under XS-1 codename.  Boeing has been chosen from group of other companies which unfortunately did not reached advanced design work phase. Projects presented by Northrop Grumman Aerospace Systems and Masten Space Systems have Phase 1 have not met acceptance of DARPA. Boeing will now continue development of their vehicle through two other phases of development until first flight and putting vehicle into mass production. DARPA announced about decision on May 24. XS-1 project started in 2013. Main objective was to create space plane able to fly ten times daily in a row; each time it should deliver to trajectory orbit 1800 kg of payload for Department of Defense. It should operate without crew Read more => DARPA chooses Boeing for their XS-1 space plane project CategoriesUncategorized Tags(U.S.) Air Force, Boeing, DARPA, Masten, Northrop, X-37, XS-1 Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SNAP LOSS NOTICE: Rosen Law Firm Reminds Snap Inc. Investors of Important Deadline in Class Action – SNAP Next PostNext Secretary Pablos Participates In 2017 Invest In America! Summit Search Recent Posts Speech by Alexey Miller, “Natural Gas as Destination Fuel for the Future” Conference annual International Business Congress Joseph DuMouchelle Achieves More Than $100,000 per Carat for an Emerald at May 24 Jewels & Timepieces Auction Taste the World’s Most Exotic Fruit at Fruitpital Fair in Chanthaburi, Thailand, June 3-11 The SDR Show Welcomes Actress Jennifer Esposito from NCIS, The Affair, Crash and Summer of Sam Safirstein Metcalf LLP and HGT Law Update on Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. Investor Class Action – VRX Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Monika Donimirska DARPA chooses Boeing for their XS-1 space plane project The article from SpaceFlights.NEWS The Boeing Company was chose by DARPA to continue development process their version of future space plane known under XS-1 codename.  Boeing has been chosen from group of other companies which unfortunately did not reached advanced design work phase. Projects presented by Northrop Grumman Aerospace Systems and Masten Space Systems have Phase 1 have not met acceptance of DARPA. Boeing will now continue development of their vehicle through two other phases of development until first flight and putting vehicle into mass production. DARPA announced about decision on May 24. XS-1 project started in 2013. Main objective was to create space plane able to fly ten times daily in a row; each time it should deliver to trajectory orbit 1800 kg of payload for Department of Defense. It should operate without crew and each flight should not cost more than $5 million. Space plane should be able to reach 12.5 Ma speed with construction combining composite materials and alloys. Boeing remains one of the most experienced companies if we consider creating space planes. U.S. Air Force successfully uses their X-37 vehicle for long term space missions since 2010. Company surely will use their experience and maybe even some solutions designed for X-37 during development process of XS-1. At the moment main construction detail well known is propulsion – Aerojet Rocketdyne will deliver to XS-1 their AR-22 engine for the vehicle. XS-1 will be delivered to certain altitude on the top of the reusable booster and later it will be deployed and continuing flight with its own engine.  If we consider that X-37 start mass is around 5000 kg and payload mass of XS-1 should be 1800 kg we can assume that it will be larger comparing to its predecessor with dimensions of business jet. Read more at DARPA chooses Boeing for their XS-1 space plane project CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tags(U.S.) Air Force, Boeing, DARPA, Masten, Northrop, X-37, XS-1 Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Liberal Government can take immediate steps to improve the lives of millions through the Changing Workplaces Review, says OFL Next PostNext Stingray Grows its Music Video TV Channel Portfolio Search Recent Posts ​Santa Monica’s „Bike Shop” Opens to Customer Raves Traders cast a hopeful eye on AMC Entertainment Commit To Buy Wayfair At $35, Earn 8.9% Using Options Commit To Purchase Seattle Genetics At $50, Earn 10.6% Annualized Using Options Commit To Purchase Weatherford International At $3, Earn 10% Using Options Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Press Releases / Boeing Advances to Fabrication, Flight Test Phases of DARPA Experimental Spaceplane Program Boeing Advances to Fabrication, Flight Test Phases of DARPA Experimental Spaceplane Program Anna Forrester May 26, 2017 Press Releases 20 Views TYSONS CORNER, VA, May 26, 2017 — Boeing (NYSE: BA) will design, build and test a demonstration spacecraft for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency in support of efforts to use a hypersonic aircraft that would bring national security payloads to space with less cost and time spent, ExecutiveBiz reported Thursday. DARPA said Wednesday it selected Boeing’s initial design for the Experimental Spaceplane or XS-1 program that seeks to establish a low-cost and short-notice way to launch satellites. The company will proceed to advanced design, fabrication and flight activities under Phases 2 and 3 of the program. About Executive Mosaic: Founded in 2002, Executive Mosaic is a leadership organization and media company. Executive Mosaic offers highly coveted executive events, breaking business news on the Government Contracting industry, and delivers robust and reliable content through seven influential websites and four consequential E-newswires. Headquarters are located in Tysons Corner, VA. www.executivemosaic.com Contact: David Smith (703) 226-7002 david.smith@executivemosaic.com Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags Boeing DARPA Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz Experimental Spaceplane govcon hypersonic aircraft space XS-1 Related Articles CGI’s Cloud-Based SaaS ERP Service Available Via NASPO ValuePoint May 26, 2017 DoD Gets Access to Inmarsat Mobile Satcom Services Via COMSAT May 26, 2017 Northrop Selects Crossmatch Fingerprint/Palm Scanners for UK Criminal Booking System Update May 26, 2017 Check Also Orbital ATK Secures $76M in Army Orders for Small-Caliber Ammunition TYSONS CORNER, VA, May 26, 2017 — Orbital ATK (NYSE: OA) will supply 0.50-caliber ammunition … Raytheon Installs Air Traffic Control Automation System at NY Facility; Dave Wajsgras Comments TYSONS CORNER, VA, May 25, 2017 — Raytheon (NYSE: RTN) has completed updates to the terminal … Archives Archives Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags May 26 Market Close: GovCon Index Down With Minor Movement in Major Markets May 26, 2017 CGI’s Cloud-Based SaaS ERP Service Available Via NASPO ValuePoint May 26, 2017 GovCon Wire’s Weekly Roundup: Defense and IT Win Big in FY 2018 Budget Proposal May 26, 2017 DoD Gets Access to Inmarsat Mobile Satcom Services Via COMSAT May 26, 2017 Boeing Advances to Fabrication, Flight Test Phases of DARPA Experimental Spaceplane Program May 26, 2017 CGI Federal to Build Army’s Contract Writing System Under Potential $134M Award May 23, 2017 634 John Mengucci Takes On Expanded COO Role at CACI; Ken Asbury Comments May 23, 2017 629 Leidos Secures SPAWAR Contract for Navy ISR Platform Support; Tim Reardon Comments May 23, 2017 514 Ann-Marie Johnson Named Business Devt Exec for DHS Operations at Unisys Federal May 22, 2017 492 Forcepoint Vet John McCormack Named Fidelis Interim President, CEO May 23, 2017 487 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... govcon featured Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz Lockheed Martin Defense Department Contract Awards business news Financial News Northrop Grumman government contracting Raytheon Contract Award Boeing Executive moves DOD General Dynamics nyse news GovCon Index financial report SAIC U.S. Air Force U.S. Navy BAE Systems Navy Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz CACI Unveils Expanded COO Role for John Mengucci; Ken Asbury Comments Unisys Federal Names BD Executive for DHS Programs; PV Puvvada Comments SAIC to Provide IT Services to EPA Under $320M Task Order; Bob Genter Comments AT&T Secures $119M GSA Task Order for Updates to CDC Comms Systems; Mike Leff Comments Jacobs Secures $130M Contract to Support Army Electronic Proving Ground; Darren Kraabel Comments SAP NS2’s Mark Testoni Urges Better Protection, Management of Legacy Systems @Follow Me New post: CGI’s Cloud-Based SaaS ERP Service Available Via NASPO ValuePoint https://t.co/k479f2018W2 hours ago New post: GovCon Wire’s Weekly Roundup: Defense and IT Win Big in FY 2018 Budget Proposal https://t.co/guJS50NZ4n2 hours ago New post: DoD Gets Access to Inmarsat Mobile Satcom Services Via COMSAT https://t.co/S3oLBxv5Sr3 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Airframes > Monarch Airlines acquires 737 ‘trainer’ Monarch Airlines acquires 737 ‘trainer’ May 26, 2017 Alan Dron EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media Picture Gallery: This Week in Aviation News-May 22-26, 2017 Advertisement UK low-cost carrier (LCC) Monarch Airlines has taken delivery of a Boeing 737-800 as it starts to prepare for the arrival of its 737 MAX 8s next year. The London Luton-based airline is currently an Airbus A320/A321 operator, but is scheduled to start moving to the Boeing narrowbody in spring 2018. It has now acquired a single 737-800 from Turkish LCC Pegasus Airlines to act as a “bridge” to the new type, enabling crews to start to become familiar with it. “The aircraft will operate commercially, but it will also be used extensively for training,” a Monarch spokesman said. The aircraft flew to the UK May 18 and will enter service shortly. Monarch at present operates 25 A321s and nine A320s; the LCC ordered 30 MAX 8s at the 2014 Farnborough International Airshow. Alan Dron alandron@adepteditorial.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles UK’s Monarch Airlines owner considers options   Monarch Airlines finalizes order for 30 Boeing 737 MAX 8s   Monarch Airlines commits to 30 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft   Greybull completes Monarch acquisition; plans to cut 700 jobs   Hainan Airlines to add 13 787-9s and six 737 MAX 8s Blogs & Commentary May 25, 2017 blog Just get it right ​ Every day there is a new headline about an airline getting it wrong, but a recent study revealed that North American passengers are apparently happier than ever....More May 10, 2017 blog The face of an airline It is almost impossible to imagine Etihad Airways without James Hogan, but come July that will be a reality. How do airline brands move on when their face changes?...More May 5, 2017 blog Doug Parker: ‘Our stock is so undervalued it defies logic’ What will it take for Wall Street to buy into the notion that US airlines are safe—and even forward-thinking—investments?...More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location May 26, 2017 Article SITA showcases multi-merchant payment platform, mixed reality Global air transport IT specialist SITA has launched a secure payment solution using common-use platforms that will enable airlines and airports to maximize ancillary sales at every part of the airport journey....More May 23, 2017 Article Thales: Future IFE includes personalization, revenue opportunities The future of IFE will involve seatback monitors that interface with passengers, customize content and generate ancillary revenue, according to Thales executives at the company’s new IFE final integration and test facility in Irvine, California, May 22....More May 23, 2017 Article ATW Plus Thales: Cybersecurity a mounting concern as IFEs collect data   Cybersecurity is a growing concern for airlines as evolving inflight entertainment (IFE) systems start using more sensitive passenger data....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Defense News Super Hornets to get infrared search and track system The Block II Infrared Search and Track System can locate heat emitted by aircraft engines without the use of active radar. By Stephen Carlson   |   May 26, 2017 at 10:26 AM Follow @upi Comments May 26 (UPI) -- Boeing has received an $89 million contract to incorporate the Block II Infrared Search and Track System, or IRST, in the F/A-18 E/F Super Hornet, the Department of Defense announced on Thursday. The contract includes design and development, hardware procurement, technical reviews, risk reduction, and product support and engineering tasks. Work will be conducted in Orlando, Fla., and St. Louis, Mo. The project is expected to be completed by April 2020. Navy Fiscal 2017 research, development, testing, and evaluation funds of $21 million will be allocated to the program at the time of award, none of which will expire at the end of the fiscal year. The IRST is designed to locate the heat emitted by aircraft engines without the use of active radar, which is easily detected by enemy planes and ships. It also helps countering stealth technology. The system has already seen service aboard a King Air test-bed aircraft. The Super Hornet fighter is the primary Navy and Marine Corps aircraft, capable of land and carrier-based operations. The plane is expected to be upgraded and in use until the 2040s. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Lockheed Martin drops out of over-the-horizon missile competition MD Helicopters to support MD 530F Cayuse Warrior in Afghanistan SkyGuardian drone tops 48 hours in air Comments Topics: Block II, Marine Corps Latest Headlines Lockheed Martin receives infrared satellite contract 9 hours ago ago May 26 (UPI) -- Lockheed Martin Space Systems has received a $50 million modification to a previously awarded contract for the Space Based Infrared System satellites. Military leaders make case for $13.9B nuclear weapons budget 13 hours ago ago May 26 (UPI) -- Modernization and replacement programs for the nuclear weapons triad will be a priority for the Departments of Defense and Energy in 2018, according to officials. Lockheed Martin drops out of over-the-horizon missile competition 17 hours ago ago May 26 (UPI) -- Lockheed Martin, following Boeing, has pulled out of a U.S. Navy contest to replace the AGM-84 Harpoon on the Littoral Combat Ship and frigate-class warships. SkyGuardian drone tops 48 hours in air 20 hours ago ago May 26 (UPI) -- The new MQ-9B SkyGuardian drone has set a flight endurance record for Predator Bs. Boeing, DARPA to collaborate on experimental spaceplane 1 day ago ago May 25 (UPI) -- Boeing and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency are entering into a partnership to design, test and build the hypersonic Experimental Spaceplane. Trending Stories Nearing release from prison, Texas nurse charged with infant's '81 death Dad pranks teen son by dressing in Speedo for school pickup Poll: Younger, older Americans may rely more on Social Security Mother elk kicks bear in the face to rescue her calf South Carolina killer pleads guilty to seven murders PHOTOS President Trump visits the Middle East Michael Bay honored at Hollywood handprint ceremony Stars showcase their films at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Hugh Jackman attends the 'Logan' premiere in Tokyo On the red carpet at the 2017 Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas Cloud Computing wins the Preakness Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Army Technology News, views and contacts from the global Army industry Log in or Register Vehicles Vehicles Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Kaplan-30 Next Generation Armoured Fighting Vehicle (NGAFV) Kaplan-30 Next Generation Armoured Fighting Vehicle (NGAFV) Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Projects KORKUT Self Propelled Air Defence Gun System KORKUT Self Propelled Air Defence Gun System Projects Griffon Multi-Role Armoured Vehicle (VBMR) Griffon Multi-Role Armoured Vehicle (VBMR) Soldier Systems Soldier Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Analysis Hitting the track with Boston Dynamics’ Handle Hitting the track with Boston Dynamics’ Handle Analysis Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Analysis Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Analysis The critical importance of NATO communications The critical importance of NATO communications Analysis Is a new cold war brewing in the Arctic? Is a new cold war brewing in the Arctic? Ordnance Ordnance Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Analysis US defence under Trump: what can we expect? US defence under Trump: what can we expect? Projects Hydra-70 Rocket System Hydra-70 Rocket System Logistics Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Talking cyber security skills with BAE Talking cyber security skills with BAE Analysis NATO: in need of an overhaul? NATO: in need of an overhaul? Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Analysis Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Finland’s defence in focus Finland’s defence in focus Analysis Talking cyber security skills with BAE Talking cyber security skills with BAE Analysis Rolls-Royce row: could a weak UK defence budget force a British icon to leave the sector? Rolls-Royce row: could a weak UK defence budget force a British icon to leave the sector? Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Security Security Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Moving ahead in the virtual battlespace Moving ahead in the virtual battlespace Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Analysis Finland’s defence in focus Finland’s defence in focus Analysis Talking cyber security skills with BAE Talking cyber security skills with BAE Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Analysis Build and rebuild: Germany's future defence strategy Build and rebuild: Germany's future defence strategy Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Analysis Moving ahead in the virtual battlespace Moving ahead in the virtual battlespace Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers 3W International - Gas and Heavy-Fuel Engines for Unmanned Aerial Systems and Vehicles Gas and Heavy-Fuel Engines for Unmanned Aerial Systems and Vehicles Suppliers UBS - Special Purpose Vehicles and Equipment for Military Organisations Special Purpose Vehicles and Equipment for Military Organisations Suppliers VPT - High-Reliability DC-DC Converters and EMI Filters for Military Applications High-Reliability DC-DC Converters and EMI Filters for Military Applications Suppliers MPL - Rugged Embedded COTS Systems for Military and Aerospace Applications Rugged Embedded COTS Systems for Military and Aerospace Applications Videos Events Advertise With Us All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » News On May 26 2017 Tapestry to continue training support for US Army’s 7th Army Training Command Boeing company Tapestry Solutions has been awarded a contract to provide mission command training support services for the US Army’s 7th Army Training Command. Valued at $58m, the contract requires the company to continue to support live, virtual and constructive training exercises at the Joint Multinational Simulation Center (JMSC) in Grafenwoehr, Germany. Said to be the army’s largest overseas training command, the 7th Army Training Command is responsible for providing realistic, tailor-made training solutions to US, Nato and partner nations throughout Europe, Africa and beyond. Tapestry Solutions business development director René Burgess said: "We are committed to continued excellence in providing Mission Command Training support to the US Army and fostering lasting relationships with our customers. "Tapestry is proud to support the army's mission to ensure the highest level of readiness for our forces – today and well into the future." As part of the contract, the company will also support JMSC’s satellites in Kaiserslautern, Germany, and Vicenza, Italy; the Joint Multinational Readiness Center (JMRC) in Hohenfels, Germany; and Theater Security Cooperation exercises throughout Nato.  Tapestry will serve as the prime contractor and will lead a team comprising Capstone, Metro Productions and Visual Awareness Technology & Consulting. "Tapestry is proud to support the army's mission to ensure the highest level of readiness for our forces." It will provide overall management along with planning and execution of training exercises throughout the US Army Europe's area of responsibility.    Tapestry has supported US and allied training exercises throughout Europe since 2011, under the JMSC Battle Simulation Training (BST) contract.  The company is involved in designing, planning and conducting computer-based simulations to prepare commanders and their staff for full-spectrum military operations. It supports all levels of training, ranging from unit-level to joint and multinational exercises in classroom and force-on-force environments. i>Image: Specialist Fernando Gomez operates a computer-based simulation during a recent exercise. Photo: courtesy of US Army photo by Brandon Beach, 21st Theater Sustainment Command Public Affairs. Share Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest army industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Contact us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.army-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: INDYGO London to Sydney non-stop flights could be possible by 2022 Fare dinkum: the Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner, which will fly non-stop between London and Perth Qantas moots connection between the biggest cities in Europe and Australia, but only if the price is right Simon Calder Travel Correspondent @SimonCalder Friday 26 May 2017 11:30 BST Click to follow The Independent Travel As the fare for its first non-stop flight between the UK and Australia rises towards £2,000 return, Qantas is contemplating pushing the boundaries even further – and seriously considering connections from London to Melbourne and Sydney. Since the Australian airline announced a non-stop link between Heathrow and Perth, demand for the 17-hour flight has proved strong.  A few seats are available for the first outbound departure from London next year on 25 March, but round-trip economy fares are approaching £2,000. What has caught the particular attention of Qantas executives is the demand for more comfortable seats on the 9,009-mile trip. Premium Economy is selling strongly at over £3,000 return, while Business Class is currently priced at over £6,500. Much cheaper deals are available on connecting services, which suggests that well-heeled passengers will pay a substantial premium for cutting out the en-route stop, which adds a minimum of two hours to the overall journey. Read more The UK's longest flight just got longer The distance from London to Sydney is 10,557 miles, with Melbourne around 60 miles closer. At present the quickest London-Sydney trip is around 22 hours and 30 minutes, on Emirates or Qantas via Dubai, or Thai via Bangkok. The non-stop service would take around 20 hours. The most direct route from London initially heads east-north-east over Denmark, Sweden and Estonia, and spends most of the journey overflying Russia, Kazakhstan and China. It then crosses the South China Sea, the Philippines archipelago and eastern Indonesia before making landfall near Darwin. The two big aircraft manufacturers, Airbus and Boeing, are developing competing aircraft that could operate such routes: the A350ULR [Ultra Long Range] and 777-8 respectively. The world’s longest flight at present, the 9,025 miles between Doha and Auckland, uses an earlier version of the Boeing 777. The Qantas chief executive, Alan Joyce, told Reuters: “These aircraft, we think, are potentially real goers on these routes.” He said such a service could begin by 2022. The most important of the three key issues for the Australian airline is the price of oil. On ultra-long-haul flights, a lot of kerosene is burned in order to carry fuel for later stages of the journey — so increases in the price of fuel disproportionately damage the profitability of extreme routes.  Secondly, how much of a premium will passengers tolerate for the privilege of cutting out the stops? Fares between the UK and Australia are currently depressed by intense competition. Even booking on the day of travel, a return flight from Heathrow via the Far East to Sydney is on sale for as little as £800 return, the same fare as prevailed 40 years ago. Qantas has said it would consider direct London to Sydney flights (Getty) The third factor: the “weight penalty” that Qantas would incur, particularly flying west into the prevailing headwind. When aircraft are close to the limit of their range, the airlines will typically reduce the number of seats sold in order to reduce the risk of making an en-route refuelling stop. “Both the A350-900URL and 777-8 can trade passengers for fuel to fly longer,” said Bjorn Ferhm of the specialist aviation publisher Leeham News and Comment.  “The question is not if it’s possible. It’s about how many passengers can be carried for the two jets and if it’s economic at the seat count.” Victoria Moores, the European editor of Air Transport World, said: “There is definitely a desire for non-stop flights, but there’s also a desire for the cheapest fare possible. It’s always a trade-off and what people say they want is often very different to how they behave in practice. Direct at a competitive price? Yes. Direct at a premium? There will be a market, but I’m not sure how large that market will be and whether it will be enough to sustain the route.” Read more Sydney travel tips: Where to go and what to see in 48 hours The aviation consultant, John Strickland, echoed that sentiment: “The non stop would appeal to the relatively small premium market but due to the need to still sell economy seats, would not be likely to be as profitable as other potential uses of the aircraft.” The non-stop distance from Sydney to New York is 9,940 miles, over an hour shorter than the London-Sydney route. In addition, the average fares on trans-Pacific flights from the US to Australia are significantly higher than from the UK. But Malcolm Ginsberg, editor-in-chief of Business Travel News, said: “Maybe it is England’s long connection with ‘Down Under’ and Amy Johnson’s historic flight but there has always been something special with London-Sydney. “There is a premium to be paid. Long-range fuel tanks, special loos with extra capacity, at least a double crew. But there are advantages. No intermediate landings which can be expensive, and not just airport fees. Aircraft are serviced every so many rotations. Cut them down by half and there has to be a saving.” A Qantas Boeing 747 flew non-stop from Heathrow to Sydney in 1989, but as a proving flight with no paying passengers. Jonny Goodall, commercial director of Travel Nation, said: “Undoubtedly Sydney is the headline act when it comes to Australia. “The vast majority of our customers prefer a stopover or two to break the journey to Sydney, but I also think demand will be there for Heathrow-Sydney non-stop as it would be unique.” More about: Qantas Airbus Boeing Emirates Sydney travel Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Contract Awards / Boeing to Integrate Navy Super Hornet IR Search & Track System Under $89M Contract Boeing to Integrate Navy Super Hornet IR Search & Track System Under $89M Contract Ramona Adams May 26, 2017 Contract Awards, News 49 Views Boeing (NYSE: BA) has secured an $89 million contract from the U.S. Navy to help the service branch incorporate a Block II infrared search and track system into the F/A-18 E/F Super Hornet fighter aircraft. The Defense Department said Thursday that Boeing will provide initial design and development, prototyping hardware procurement, technical risk reduction and product integration support under the cost-plus-incentive-fee contract. The company will also conduct technical reviews of IRST Block II with the Super Hornet aircraft as part of the system’s preliminary design review. Work will occur in Orlando, Florida, and St. Louis, Missouri, through April 2020. The Naval Air Systems Command will obligate $21 million at the time of award from the service branch’s fiscal 2017 research, development, test and evaluation funds. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags Boeing Defense Department DOD F/A-18 E/F Super Hornet featured Florida govcon infrared search and track system IRST Block II Missouri NAVAIR Naval Air Systems Command Navy Orlando St. Louis Super Hornet U.S. Navy Related Articles May 26 Market Close: GovCon Index Down With Minor Movement in Major Markets May 26, 2017 Fate Uncertain for Army Battlefield Comms WIN-T Program May 26, 2017 Security Clearance Process Key Challenge for Military Cyber Forces May 26, 2017 Check Also Lt. Gen. Nakasone: U.S. Has Improved Fight Against ISIS Online The U.S. military has improved its counter-fight against ISIS’s cyber operations in the last six months, the … CSRA Subsidiary Gets $266M EPA IT Support Contract A CSRA (NYSE: CSRA) subsidiary has received a potential five-year, $266 million contract to provide … Archives Archives Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags May 26 Market Close: GovCon Index Down With Minor Movement in Major Markets May 26, 2017 CGI’s Cloud-Based SaaS ERP Service Available Via NASPO ValuePoint May 26, 2017 GovCon Wire’s Weekly Roundup: Defense and IT Win Big in FY 2018 Budget Proposal May 26, 2017 DoD Gets Access to Inmarsat Mobile Satcom Services Via COMSAT May 26, 2017 Boeing Advances to Fabrication, Flight Test Phases of DARPA Experimental Spaceplane Program May 26, 2017 CGI Federal to Build Army’s Contract Writing System Under Potential $134M Award May 23, 2017 646 John Mengucci Takes On Expanded COO Role at CACI; Ken Asbury Comments May 23, 2017 638 Leidos Secures SPAWAR Contract for Navy ISR Platform Support; Tim Reardon Comments May 23, 2017 521 Forcepoint Vet John McCormack Named Fidelis Interim President, CEO May 23, 2017 494 Ann-Marie Johnson Named Business Devt Exec for DHS Operations at Unisys Federal May 22, 2017 492 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... govcon featured Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz Lockheed Martin Defense Department Contract Awards business news Financial News Northrop Grumman government contracting Raytheon Contract Award Boeing Executive moves DOD General Dynamics nyse news GovCon Index financial report SAIC U.S. Air Force U.S. Navy BAE Systems Navy Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz CACI Hires Former Lockheed, BAE Exec as President of US Operations; Ken Asbury Comments CACI Unveils Expanded COO Role for John Mengucci; Ken Asbury Comments Unisys Federal Names BD Executive for DHS Programs; PV Puvvada Comments SAIC to Provide IT Services to EPA Under $320M Task Order; Bob Genter Comments AT&T Secures $119M GSA Task Order for Updates to CDC Comms Systems; Mike Leff Comments Jacobs Secures $130M Contract to Support Army Electronic Proving Ground; Darren Kraabel Comments @Follow Me New post: May 26 Market Close: GovCon Index Down With Minor Movement in Major Markets https://t.co/1V3SaDhB8z17 mins ago New post: CGI’s Cloud-Based SaaS ERP Service Available Via NASPO ValuePoint https://t.co/k479f2018W3 hours ago New post: GovCon Wire’s Weekly Roundup: Defense and IT Win Big in FY 2018 Budget Proposal https://t.co/guJS50NZ4n3 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman National Safety Council Announces Winners of its Prestigious Green Cross for Safety Awards ITASCA, Ill., May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — The National Safety Council presented its prestigious Green Cross for Safety Awards to individuals and organizations that have helped save lives and prevent injuries. The Council presented the Excellence Award to PotashCorp, the Innovation Award to The Boeing Company and the Advocate Award to Deputy Police Chief Lou Jogmen of the Park Ridge (Ill.) Police Department. National Safety Council leadership and award sponsors recognized each winner during a ceremony on Thursday at Coronado Island in San Diego. „PotashCorp, The Boeing Company and Deputy Chief Jogmen have helped make our world a safer place to work and live,” said Deborah A.P. Hersman, president and CEO of the National Safety Council. „We are proud to honor them and to recognize all the outstanding finalists that share the Council’s goal of eliminating preventable deaths and injuries in our lifetime.” PotashCorp recognized that tools and procedures designed to reduce injuries as a whole do not always affect serious injury and fatality (SIF) rates. To close the gap, PotashCorp developed a system to empower workers to identify potential SIF exposure before an incident and provides training so employees can identify potential problems in routine activities. The approach includes reviewing everyday tasks for risk, integrating injury prevention into all safety processes and following up on all incidents for SIF potential. The Boeing Company developed a fall protection system – the Piranha Lox True Interlock Harness – that disables a work platform if a worker is not properly hooked into his or her Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). Falls account for 10 percent of all occupational deaths each year; in more than 75 percent of those fatalities, PPE is available but either not used or used incorrectly. Deputy Chief Lou Jogmen spearheaded the inaugural Illinois Rail Safety Week in 2014 by gathering more than 300 independent police agencies, county sheriff departments, private firms and state agencies to promote public awareness through education, enforcement and rail safety engineering advances. The model has been expanded to other campaigns in Illinois, including distracted driving awareness, and was used to introduce National Rail Safety Week in 2016, co-sponsored by International Association of Chiefs of Police and Operation Lifesaver. The finalists were selected from over 50 applicants reviewed and evaluated by an external panel. Other finalists included Odebrecht Construction, Chatham County, Ga., Tracey Holmberg of Swedish Medical Center in Denver, Colo., and Trenda McPherson of the Florida Motorcycle Safety Coalition in Tallahassee, Fla. Visit greencross.nsc.org for additional information about each winner and finalist. About the National Safety Council Founded in 1913 and chartered by Congress, the National Safety Council, nsc.org, is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to save lives by eliminating preventable deaths at work, in homes and communities, and on the road through leadership, research, education and advocacy. NSC advances this mission by partnering with businesses, government agencies, elected officials and the public in areas where we can make the most impact – distracted driving, teen driving, workplace safety, prescription drug overdoses and Safe Communities. Safety+Health magazine, the Council’s flagship publication, is a leading source of occupational safety and health information. Connect with NSC: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/national-safety-council-announces-winners-of-its-prestigious-green-cross-for-safety-awards-300464395.html SOURCE National Safety Council Related Links http://www.nsc.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards, Not For Profit, Public Safety Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 Global Aviation Actuator System Market 2022 Review & Forecast Research Report Published by Orbis Research Next PostNext Global UV Printers Market: Trends & Opportunities (2017-2022) – New Report by Orbis Research Search Recent Posts With Fewer Allergists, AllergyEasy Helps Family Physicians Fill the Void Sunovion Receives Complete Response Letter from FDA for SUN-101/eFlow® (glycopyrrolate) New Drug Application for Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) Predators vs Penguins Stanley Cup Finals Tickets: Ticket Down Lowers 2017 Stanley Cup Ticket Prices Cost Saving Opportunities for the Global Equipment Financing Services Market: Technavio Martin Kobler condemns violence and calls for the immediate restoration of calm in Tripoli Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
English En Français My Account AllAfrica By AllAfrica News Sources Media Kit Countries All Countries AlgeriaAngolaBeninBotswanaBurkina FasoBurundiCameroonCape VerdeCentral African RepublicChadComorosCongo-BrazzavilleCongo-KinshasaCote d'Ivoire DjiboutiEgyptEquatorial GuineaEritreaEthiopiaGabonGambiaGhanaGuineaGuinea BissauKenyaLesothoLiberiaLibya MadagascarMalawiMaliMauritaniaMauritiusMoroccoMozambiqueNamibiaNigerNigeriaRwandaSenegalSeychellesSierra Leone SomaliaSouth AfricaSouth SudanSudanSwazilandSão Tomé and PríncipeTanzaniaTogoTunisiaUgandaWestern SaharaZambiaZimbabwe Africa-Wide Central Africa Central Africa HomeAngolaBurundiCameroonCentral African RepublicChad Congo-BrazzavilleCongo-KinshasaEquatorial GuineaGabonRwandaSão Tomé and Príncipe East Africa East Africa HomeBurundiComorosDjiboutiEritreaEthiopiaKenyaMadagascar MauritiusRwandaSeychellesSomaliaSouth SudanSudanTanzaniaUganda North Africa North Africa HomeAlgeriaEgyptLibyaMoroccoTunisiaWestern Sahara Southern Africa Southern Africa HomeAngolaBotswanaLesothoMalawiMozambique NamibiaSouth AfricaSwazilandZambiaZimbabwe West Africa West Africa HomeBeninBurkina FasoCameroonCape VerdeCote d'IvoireGambiaGhanaGuineaGuinea Bissau LiberiaMaliMauritaniaNigerNigeriaSenegalSierra LeoneSão Tomé and PríncipeTogo Topics All Topics AIDSAfrica on the MoveAgribusinessAid and AssistanceArms and ArmiesAsia, Australia, and AfricaAthleticsBankingBook ReviewsBooksBusinessCapital FlowsChildrenClimateCommoditiesCompanyConflictConstructionCorruptionCurrenciesDebtEbolaEcotourismEducationEnergyEntertainment EnvironmentEurope and AfricaExternal RelationsFood and AgricultureGame ParksGovernanceHealthHuman RightsICTInfrastructureInnovationInternational OrganisationsInvestmentLabourLand and Rural IssuesLatin America and AfricaLegal AffairsMalariaManufacturingMediaMiddle East and AfricaMigrationMiningMusicMusic ReviewsNGO NutritionOceansOlympicsPeacekeepingPetroleumPolioPregnancy and ChildbirthPrivatizationRefugeesReligionScienceSoccerSportStock MarketsSustainable DevelopmentTerrorismTradeTransportTravelTuberculosisU.S., Canada and AfricaUrban IssuesWaterWildlifeWomenWorld Cup Entertainment Entertainment HomeBook ReviewsBooksMusicMusic Reviews Business Business HomeAgribusinessBankingCapital FlowsCommoditiesCompanyConstruction CurrenciesDebtEnergyICTInfrastructureInvestmentLabour ManufacturingMiningPetroleumPrivatizationStock MarketsTradeTransport Conflict Conflict HomeArms and ArmiesPeacekeepingRefugeesTerrorism Environment Environment HomeClimateOceansWaterWildlife Health Health HomeAIDSEbolaMalariaNutritionPolioPregnancy and ChildbirthTuberculosis Sport Sport HomeAthleticsOlympicsSoccerWorld Cup Travel Travel HomeEcotourismGame Parks Development Aid and Assistance Education Environment Food and Agriculture Health Women BizTech Business Home Agribusiness Banking Capital Flows Commodities Company Construction Currencies Debt Energy ICT Infrastructure Investment Labour Manufacturing Mining Petroleum Privatization Stock Markets Trade Transport Entertainment Entertainment Home Book Reviews Books Music Music Reviews Sport Sport Home Athletics Olympics Soccer World Cup Africa/World Asia, Australia, and Africa Europe and Africa International Organisations Latin America and Africa Middle East and Africa U.S., Canada and Africa Governance Corruption Governance Human Rights Land and Rural Issues Legal Affairs Media NGO Multimedia Video Audio Document Web Site InFocus Pages PhotoEssays Innovation Sustainability   25 May 2017 The Nation (Nairobi) Kenya Airways Reduces Loss to Sh10bn On Deep Cost-Cutting Tagged: Business Company East Africa Kenya Travel tweet share Google+ comment email more Related Topics Business Africa: Emergency Mapping App Finds Vulnerable Faster Zimbabwe: Air Zimbabwe Joins the League of 'Flying Coffins' South Africa: No Evidence for Govt's 'Truly Amazing' House Delivery Rate Mauritius: The Ocean As an Alternative Green Energy Company Uganda: Museveni Makes U-Turn Over Dott Services Ban Uganda: MPs Disagree Over Uganda Telecom Limited Probe Results Tanzania: Acacia Explains Why Govt Official Denied Entrance to Firm's Gold Mine Nigeria: BIRS Seals 4 Banks Over N1.5 Billion Unremitted Tax East Africa Seychelles: New Plan Set to Protect Against Over-Exploitation of Waters Ethiopia: Editor-in-Chief to Be Freed Despite 18-Month Jail Sentence Tanzania: Acacia Mining Shares Dive After Magufuli's Mineral Sands Report Tanzania: Coat of Arms Creator Seriously Ill At Muhimbili Hospital Kenya East Africa: Boda Boda Makes It Into Oxford Dictionary Kenya: President Hits Out At Critics, Preaches Peace At National Prayer Breakfast Kenya: Mombasa Governor Joho Picks Academic As Running Mate Kenya: Police Allay Fears of Attempted Terror Attack At Varsity Travel Tanzania: Yes, Tourism Should Shunt in More Forex Angola: Hotel, Tourism Minister Works in Lunda Sul Angola: Lunda Sul - Tourism Sector Contributes to Public Accounts Balance Zimbabwe: 'Tourism Poised for Growth' Photo: Salaton Njau/The Nation KQ’s outgoing chief executive, Mbuvi Ngunze, left, with chairman Michael Joseph at Crowne Plaza, Nairobi on May 25, 2017. By Mugambi Mutegi Deep cost-cutting helped Kenya Airways reduce its full-year net loss by more than half to Sh10.2 billion, showing some green shoots of hope for the national carrier, which is however beset by a flagging topline and wider erosion of shareholders' capital. KQ, as the carrier is known by its international code, on Thursday reported a 60.9 per cent drop in its net loss for the 12 months ended March from last year's Sh26.2 billion. The apparent upturn was, however, dampened by a Sh10 billion shrinkage in its turnover to Sh106 billion, while the airline's book value sank Sh9.2 billion more into the negative to Sh44.9 billion, reflecting erosion by years of losses and negative fluctuations on the carrier's mountain of foreign currency denominated loans. "Our operating costs reduced significantly due to the turnaround efforts. We posted an operating profit of nearly Sh900 million compared to a Sh4.1 billion loss last year," KQ chief executive, Mbuvi Ngunze, said when releasing the results. Operating costs dropped by Sh14.9 billion to Sh105.4 billion, with the biggest savings coming from lower fleet ownership costs following the offloading of several aircraft in the year. KQ subleased three Boeing 777s, two Boeing 787s and sold two Boeing 777s, bringing fleet costs down by Sh14 billion to Sh15.5 billion. The offloading was part of Operation Pride, an turnaround strategy for the airline, which includes interventions like balance sheet restructuring, disposal of aircraft and land and laying off of over 100 staff. "We are seeing the first results of our investment in the turnaround," Mr Ngunze added. KQ's bottom line benefited positively from a favourable exchange rate and hedging environment, which despite financing costs remaining high, helped KQ lower its "other costs" 49.6 per cent to Sh11.1 billion. The airline, which is 29.8 owned by the Treasury and 26.7 per cent by Air France-KLM, also booked Sh1.6 billion from the sale of land and aircraft parts such as spare engines. KQ closed the period with lower staff expenses as 288 workers exited the company - through retrenchment and natural attrition-, leaving the employee count at 3,582. Operation Pride, which is being implemented with the help of US consultancy McKinsey, is 72 per cent complete as per the carrier's estimate with the major outstanding issue being completion of the balance sheet restructuring. The turnaround plan has so far cost KQ Sh2.4 billion. "The results are really positive. We have gone through some really tough times but we are coming out. The efforts put in by the KQ management are starting to bear fruit in terms of our operations," said Michael Joseph, KQ's chairman. Kenya Boda Boda Makes It Into Oxford Dictionary Boda boda is one of the latest additions to the 9th edition of the Oxford Advanced Learner's dictionary. The new words… Read more »   Copyright © 2017 The Nation. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media (allAfrica.com). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections — or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 900 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals, representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica. To address comments or complaints, please Contact us. More From: Nation Kenya: Family's Agony As Daughter Goes Missing Kenya: Snoop Dogg Shares Sauti Sol Video and Urges People to Live in Harmony Kenya: Ken Lusaka Assures Supporters He Will Be On the Ballot Box Kenya: Stanchart Spends Sh500m On Nairobi Centre Lay-Offs Kenya: I've What It Takes to Be President in 2022, Says Munya Kenya: President Kenyatta Leaves for Italy to Attend G7 Summit Kenya: Attacks Bring Security Back to National Agenda Kenya: Five Die, Nine Injured in Makuyu Road Crash Kenya: Work On Ruring'u to Start Despite Ownership Tussle Kenya: 9-Hole Game Makes Lots of Sense Kenya: Carry Your Own Crosses, Karua Tells Corrupt Politicians Kenya: Wangila Memorial Cup Set for Friday Kenya: One, Two, One,Two - Mic Check Kenya: President Hits Out At Critics, Preaches Peace At National Prayer Breakfast Kenya: Fallen Kenyan Peacekeepers Among 117 Honoured By UN Kenya: President, Deputy Tour Coastal Regions Kenya: Opposition Leader Odinga Promises to Bring Down Cost of Living Kenya: National Airline Reduces Losses Through Deep Cost-Cutting Kenya: Electoral Body Says It Won't Clear Rogue Election Candidates Kenya: How I Survived Mandera Terrorist Attack Kenya: Military Deployed to Northern Kenya to Demine Roads Kenya: We Are Underpaid, Kenyan Workers Say in New Survey Kenya: Trump Budget Spares Kenya From Deep Cuts in Aid Africa: Marking Africa Day With a Broken Heart Kenya: President Promises Free Secondary Education From January Kenya: Mombasa Governor Joho Picks Academic As Running Mate Kenya: Police Allay Fears of Attempted Terror Attack At Varsity Kenya: No Meals At Burial of Cholera Victim Kenya: Nigerian Arrested Over Rape At Varsity Hostel East Africa: Second-Hand Cars to Get More Expensive in New Age Limit Rule Kenya: Elders Divided On Plans to Get Single Rival to Face Konchella Kenya: ODM Claims Ranguma Yet to Resign From Party Related Business Company East Africa Kenya Travel InFocus: Kenya Snoop Dogg Shares Video Of Kenyan Band Sauti Sol on Instagram Kenyan President To Meet Trump At G7 Summit High-Ranking Al-Shabaab Expert Held After Kenya Blasts Nine Police Officers Die in Attacks in Kenya Trump Budget May Cut Aid to Kenya by 10% Kenyan Parliament Wants Lifestyle Audit for Ex-Minister Waiguru Rihanna and Lupita Movie Is Actually Happening Drama As Youths Exhume Body in Kenyan Village - PHOTOS Three Missing Children Found in River With Throats Slit Kenyan Rapper Starts Another Beef with Socialite Vera Sidika Follow AllAfrica Top Headlines: Kenya East Africa: Boda Boda Makes It Into Oxford Dictionary Kenya: Pangas in Hand, Kenya's Indigenous Fire Scouts Take On Forest Losses Kenya: Family's Agony As Daughter Goes Missing Kenya: Snoop Dogg Shares Sauti Sol Video and Urges People to Live in Harmony Kenya: Kiplagat Leads Kenya's Marathon Team for London Worlds Kenya: High 'Ranking' Al-Shabaab Explosives Expert Among Terror Suspects Arrested Kenya: Ken Lusaka Assures Supporters He Will Be On the Ballot Box Kenya: Stanchart Spends Sh500m On Nairobi Centre Lay-Offs Kenya: I've What It Takes to Be President in 2022, Says Munya Kenya: President Kenyatta Leaves for Italy to Attend G7 Summit Kenya: Attacks Bring Security Back to National Agenda Kenya: WFP Chief Lauds Support for National School Meals Programme in Kenya Kenya: 'Pangani 6' Was Just Tip of Iceberg, Don't Try Us - Muhuro Warns Politicians East Africa: KCB Group Named Best Regional Bank in East Africa Kenya: Five Die, Nine Injured in Makuyu Road Crash Kenya: Work On Ruring'u to Start Despite Ownership Tussle Most Popular Kenya across allAfrica.com Kenya 1 East Africa: Boda Boda Makes It Into Oxford Dictionary 2 Kenya: How I Survived Mandera Terrorist Attack 3 Kenya: Fallen Kenyan Peacekeepers Among 117 Honoured By UN 4 Kenya: Snoop Dogg Shares Sauti Sol Video and Urges People to Live in Harmony 5 Kenya: Why President's Invitation to G7 Summit Puts Kenya On Top of the World 6 Kenya: President Promises Free Secondary Education From January 7 Kenya: Merciless Media Coverage of Terror Attacks Needs to Stop 8 Kenya: Work Begins on Africa's Tallest Building 9 Kenya: Military Deployed to Northern Kenya to Demine Roads 10 Kenya: President, Deputy Tour Coastal Regions across allAfrica.com 1 Uganda: Rich Gang's Ivan Semwanga Dies 2 Zimbabwe: Mugabe Not Given Speaking Slot in Mexico 3 South Africa: 'Everything in Africa Belongs to Us, We Must Reclaim It' - Malema 4 Tanzania: Acacia Says It Has Nothing to Hide Amid Damning Report 5 Congo-Kinshasa: Congo's Bad Year Is About to Get Worse 6 Nigeria: How France Armed Biafra's Bid to Break From Nigeria 7 South Africa: Deputy President 'Taking Bribes From Kiir' - South Sudan Rebels 8 Zimbabwe: Is Mugabe's Daughter Bona Zimbabwe's Ivanka Trump? 9 South Africa: Things Are Getting Rough for Zuma - Analyst 10 Nigeria: Why 'Biafra' Should Remain in Nigeria - Acting President Don't Miss Nigerian Singer Tiwa Savage's New Video Makes Waves Ugandan Businessman and Socialite Ivan Semwanga Dies Nude Photo Leak Shock for Rwanda's Woman Presidential Candidate Trump Told Africa 'I'm Not Your Uncle' South African Opposition Leader Deported From Zambia Construction Uganda: Museveni Makes U-Turn Over Dott Services Ban(Observer) South Africa: No Evidence for Govt's 'Truly Amazing' House Delivery Rate(Africa Check) Namibia: Builders Abandon Nujoma's House(Namibian) Somalia: Somaliland Gets U.S.$442 Million to Upgrade Berbera Port(East African) Kenya: Tana Floods Disrupt Bridge Construction(Nation) Rwanda: Hygebat Quality Construction Works, Contributing to Rwanda's Evolving Skyline(New Times) Kenya: Work Begins on Africa's Tallest Building(Capital FM) Zimbabwe: Villagers Hail Launch of Masvingo Road Dualisation(The Herald) Tanzania: Sh1.6 Billion to Be Spent On Construction of Steel Plant(Citizen) Cote d'Ivoire: China, Cote d'Ivoire to Deepen Cooperation On Belt and Road(Focac) Soccer Zimbabwe: Katsande Snubbed for AFCON 2019 Qualifying Squad(Financial Gazette) Tanzania: Taifa Stars Need to Step Up Preps for AFCON, COSAFA Campaigns(Daily News) Zimbabwe: Warriors Coach Mapeza Names His Men(The Herald) Zimbabwe: Huge Losses for CAPS United(The Herald) Tanzania: Make a Bright Start to New Dawn for Boys(Daily News) Tanzania: 'Premier League Still Facing Challenges'(Daily News) Angola/Kenya: Stars, Angola Machakos Friendly Cancelled(Capital FM) Tanzania: 'Cup Fever' Grips Simba, Mbao(Daily News) Zimbabwe: Gamecocks Win On Sad Day(The Herald) Zambia: President Lungu Honours Junior Chipolopolo for AFCON Win(Zambia Reports) Religion Nigeria: Ramadan Arrives!(Vanguard) South Africa: City of Cape Town Prays for Much Needed Rain(News24Wire) Nigeria: Kano State Govt Earmarks N300 Million for Ramadan Feeding Programme(Daily Trust) Malawi: Muslims Expect to Start Ramadhan Fasting(Nyasa Times) Tanzania: All the Best During Ramadhan(Citizen) Uganda: Ramadan to Start Saturday(Monitor) Nigeria: Recession - Cleric Tasks Leaders On Honesty, Integrity(Vanguard) Nigeria: Group Holds Lecture Ahead of Ramadan(Guardian) Nigeria: Ramadan - Sultan Urges Muslims to Watch Out for New Moon(Vanguard) Nigeria: Hajj 2017 - Nigerian Pilgrims to Pay N38,000 for Ram(Premium Times) Conflict Kenya: High 'Ranking' Al-Shabaab Explosives Expert Among Terror Suspects Arrested(Capital FM) South Africa: National Defence Force Accused of Attempting Illegal Evictions(News24Wire) Sudan: Juba Rubbishes Bashir's Claims of Backing Sudan Rebels(East African) South Africa: Could The New Border Detention Centres Turn Deadly?(Bhekisisa) Nigeria: Biafra - Obasanjo Says No Need for Break-Up(Daily Trust) Somalia: Al-Shabaab Increases Assassination of the Electoral Delegates(Dalsan Radio) Namibia: Botswana Will Not Intervene in Genocide Talks(New Era) Zimbabwe: Govt Must Stop Quasi-Fiscal Activities, Says IMF(Zimbabwe Independent) Nigeria: Insecurity, Underfunding Hamper Hunger Relief(VOA) Somalia: Military Court Executes Soldier for Killing(Shabelle) External Relations Zimbabwe: Mugabe Not Given Speaking Slot in Mexico(New Zimbabwe) Egypt: Gunmen Kill Coptic Christians in Bus Attack(UN News) Africa: In a 'World of Plenty,' G7 Must Fight Famine(IPS) Africa: Europe Should Be Humble in Its Relations With Africa(Fahamu) Rwanda: Elections 'Will Not Be Rigged' - Electoral Commission(Deutsche Welle) Zimbabwe: Disabled Evictees Lobby UN to Isolate Govt(New Zimbabwe) Namibia: Botswana Will Not Intervene in Genocide Talks(New Era) Africa: A Reflection On the 'Silk Road' Economic Summit in Beijing(Daily News) Africa: World to Cut Emissions With or Without Trump(IPS) Africa: This is Why Continent Matters to the United States(Atlantic Council) Urban Issues South Africa: Biggest Land Occupation in Cape Town in Recent Years Is Taking Place(GroundUp) South Africa: National Defence Force Accused of Attempting Illegal Evictions(News24Wire) Nigeria: Govt Bans Repatriation of Bodies to Stem Ebola Scourge(Guardian) Tanzania: Innovators Set to Discuss Solutions to Smart City Plans(Citizen) Uganda: Police Boss Declares 'War' On Iron Bar Hit Men(Observer) South Africa: Nquthu Residents Explain Why They Gave ANC the Boot(GroundUp) South Africa: Stellenbosch Municipality Announces Tougher Water Restrictions(News24Wire) Kenya: Kidero, Sonko Clash Over Garbage Collection(Nation) Kenya: NHC Sued for Demanding Millions From Mombasa Tenants(Nation) Kenya: Is Taking Unwanted Children to Court the Best We Can Do?(Nation) AllAfrica is a voice of, by and about Africa - aggregating, producing and distributing 900 news and information items daily from over 140 African news organizations and our own reporters to an African and global public. We operate from Cape Town, Dakar, Lagos, Monrovia, Nairobi and Washington DC. © 2017 AllAfrica Privacy Contact Subscribe to AllAfrica via RSS For Advertisers AllAfrica - All the Time
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:03 GMT +327 May 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Boeing to Integrate Infrared Search, Tracking System in F-18 Combat Jets © Boeing Military & Intelligence 04:44 26.05.2017(updated 04:56 26.05.2017) Get short URL 0 27834 The Pentagon has tasked US aerospace giant Boeing with the Navy's F/A-18 Super Hornets with Infrared Search and Track System to give pilots ability to view multiple targets at higher resolutions and longer ranges compared to radars. © Flickr/ U.S. Pacific Fleet F-18 Jet From USS Carl Vinson Heading to N Korea Crashes Near PhilippinesWASHINGTON (Sputnik) — US aerospace giant Boeing won $89 million to build a new Infrared Search and Track System into the Navy's F/A-18 Super Hornet aircraft, the Defense Department said in a press release. "The Boeing Co., St. Louis, Missouri, is being awarded an $89,000,000 contract for incorporation of the Block II Infrared Search and Track System (IRST) in the F/A-18 E/F aircraft," the release explained Thursday. "The contract includes the initial design and development, procurement of prototyping hardware, technical risk reduction efforts, integrated product support, and technical reviews of IRST Block II with the F/A-18E/F aircraft." The IRST gives F/A —18 drivers the ability to view multiple targets at higher resolutions and longer ranges compared to radar, according to published reports. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 34 Related: Flight Recorders of Russia's Crash-Landed Il-18 to Be Sent for Lab Inspections BAE Systems Awarded $20Mln to Produce F-18 Fighter Jet Electronic Decoys Raytheon Wins $101 Million Contract to Repair F-18 Jet Radar Receivers Tags: search, infrared, Boeing, Pentagon, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:53Palestinian Prisoners in Israel End Hunger Strikes After Main Demands Met 09:22US Attempts 'Intervention' in Nicaragua With Proposed Anti-Ortega Sanctions 08:39Sri Lanka Floods, Mudslides Kill 100, Displace Over 12,000 08:03China Industrial Profits Up 24.4% Year-on-Year in First Months of 2017 07:52Mexico Gives Green Light to Russia’s Rosneft, Lukoil to Bid on Oil ContractsAll news Iranian Drones Circling Above US Aircraft Carrier 'Getting on Pentagon's Nerves' 32230 Beijing Pumps the Brakes on Next-Gen Aircraft Carrier 17722 Putin Awards Russian Special Forces Who Repelled Attack by 300 Syrian Terrorists 9641 A Bolt From the Blue: Russia Now Strategically on Par With NATO 8771 Iran Likely to 'Be Dragged Into Major Regional Crisis' 8514All news A Bolt From the Blue: Russia Now Strategically on Par With NATO 37 Zbigniew Brzezinski Dies at 89 25 Pentagon Dusts Off Old Trick to 'Sow Discord' in Russia 21 A Tough Nut to Crack: Americans are Having Less Sex and Nobody Knows Why 20 Could Ukraine Have Destroyed Evidence of Its Responsibility for MH17 Crash? 20All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics This Week in Pictures UKIP’s Hail Mary: Burqas Cause Vitamin D Deficiency! Manchester Terrorist Attack News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Updates News Page One News Business News Education Milestones Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriage Licenses Weddings Life Life Entertainment Just a Pinch Recipes Coupons Clubs & Organizations Horticulture Latest Photos Photo Galleries Videos Sports Sports Sports Updates Granbury Sports Lipan Sports Tolar Sports Private School Sports Obituaries News-E Special Sections Forum Classifieds Current Classifieds Place a Classified Search 82.2 F Granbury Home Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Current Classifieds Garage Sales-Auctions Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Job Opportunities Merchandise Transportation Services Sports & Recreation Pets & Livestock Farm & Ranch Education Announcements Finance Public Notices Subscribe or Renew Subscription Info Change of Address Vacation Hold Archives of Print Editions Register for Breaking News Emails Contact Us Contact Us Advertising Info Media Guide Forms Vacation Hold Change of Address Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Engagement Announcement Wedding Announcement Submit Good in Hood NIE Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Hood County News- A twice-weekly newspaper serving Granbury and Hood County, Texas Updates News Page One News Business News Education Milestones Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriage Licenses Weddings Life Life Entertainment Just a Pinch Recipes Coupons Clubs & Organizations Horticulture Latest Photos Photos How proudly they wave Photos Lending a hand Photos Deer rescue in Pecan Plantation Photos Eye-catching creatures Photos Fun in the sun Photo Galleries Videos Sports Sports Sports Updates Granbury Sports Lipan Sports Tolar Sports Private School Sports Obituaries News-E Special Sections Forum Classifieds Current Classifieds Place a Classified How proudly they wave May 25, 2017 Lending a hand Deer rescue in Pecan Plantation Eye-catching creatures - Advertisement - - Advertisement - Updates Speaker, program for Field of Flags on Saturday May 26, 2017 An opening ceremony is set for 2 p.m. Saturday at Granbury Field of Flags. The display of 1,000 flags is at 3602 E. Highway... Harbor Lakes tourney results May 26, 2017 The members of Harbor Lakes held a Two-Person Low Net Tournament this week. Here's how the teams fared: Terry Wooten/Larry French 65 Tom Hamilton/John Williamson... Here’s what got cut in the library expansion’s scaled-down version May 26, 2017 Architect Alan Magee created a "gold-plated" version of an expanded library, which would have cost more than $5 million, but he also created a... DPS: 10 safe traveling tips for Memorial Day weekend May 25, 2017 During the Memorial Day holiday weekend last year, DPS troopers issued more than 45,000 tickets and warnings, including 836 seat belt and child safety... Conference Center manager quits May 25, 2017 Cleo Brown, who managed the Granbury Resort Conference Center for more than two years, has resigned, according to council members Rose Myers and Tony... Motorcyclist dies after crash May 25, 2017 A Glen Rose motorcyclist involved in a collision with a cow on May 20 has died. Gregory Littlefield, 53, passed away on Wednesday from injuries from... Does fresh-baked cherry pie sound good? What about chocolate? May 25, 2017 Find out who makes the best pie around. Contestants will bring their pies to the square at 1:30 p.m. Saturday, May 27 for judging.... Field of Flags opening Friday morning May 24, 2017 Field of Flags opens at 10 a.m. Friday to remember and honor military and first responders. It's an emotional experience to walk through the... Latest Photo Galleries Lipan Indian baseball playoff vs Abbott Senior Circle Prom Granbury Athletic Association Youth Baseball Front Page News from our print edition Hood County will recognize military, first responders this holiday weekend May 27, 2017 Children of Civil War veterans have family ties to Granbury May 27, 2017 County delays vote but not controversial move May 27, 2017 County, McCoy debate tax collection takeover May 27, 2017 County moves forward with expansion May 27, 2017 Last day of school Friday … or Thursday? May 24, 2017 Subscriber Login Email: Password: Remember Me    Forgot Password Subscribers: Register for access Nonsubscribers: Purchase a subscription Buy 3 Days of Online-Only Access for $1.95 - Advertising - News-E -Digital Edition Read Email Alerts Subscribe Archives: 1891 to 2015 Search 13,425FansLike 383FollowersFollow 4,128FollowersFollow 150SubscribersSubscribe Upcoming Events May 27 Sat 8:00 pm KARAOKE & DANCE KARAOKE & DANCE May 27 @ 8:00 pm Guests Welcome Non-Smoking Area Available Jun 1 Thu 8:00 pm KARAOKE & DANCE KARAOKE & DANCE Jun 1 @ 8:00 pm Guests Welcome Non-Smoking Area Available Jun 3 Sat 8:00 pm KARAOKE & DANCE KARAOKE & DANCE Jun 3 @ 8:00 pm Guests Welcome Non-Smoking Area Available Jun 5 Mon 7:00 pm Hood County Amateur Radio Club M... Hood County Amateur Radio Club M... Jun 5 @ 7:00 pm Hood County Amateur Radio Club Monthly Meeting All are welcome to come. View Calendar Death Notices Granbury- Sarah Ann Ridley, 73. Celebration of Life: 2 p.m. Friday, May 26, VFW Post 7835, Granbury. Greenville- Helen Shorter, 82, formerly of Granbury. Memorial service: 11 a.m. Friday, May 26, Saint Paul’s Episcopal Church, Greenville. Glen Rose- Gregory Alan Littlefield,... Read more notices News DPS plans to step up enforcement during Memorial Day weekend Woman charged with punching jailer Felony Arrests Cyclist dies after crash Pecan Plantation man arrested for sexual assault of a child Sports Welcome to golf’s new golden age deCordova men, ladies golf associations host scrambles Fish head out deep in the late spring Allen plays in prestigious tournament Tolar ace Brown signs with Galveston College Hood County Weather Hood County Radar Area Rainfall Weather The latest weather for Granbury Latest Tweets Tweets by @HoodCountyNews Weekly Ads Digital Coupons Coupons powered by Coupons.com Hood County News A twice-weekly newspaper serving Granbury and Hood County, Texas 817-573-7066 • 800-588-7066 1501 S. Morgan • PO Box 879 • Granbury, Texas 76048 © 2017 Hood County News, Inc. Privacy Policy
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 27 May 2017 Bellew: MAS passenger bookings continue to rise Bellew: ‘The quarter saw a further rapid improvement in international business.’ – Bernama SEPANG: Malaysia Airlines (MAS) has managed to improve bookings despite a tough first quarter this year with issues like intensifying competition, currency and higher fuel prices. MAS group chief executive officer Peter Bellew said that Malaysia Airlines passenger bookings continued to accelerate in quarter one. “The quarter was tough with higher fuel prices and adverse foreign exchange impacting our performance. However, customers increased by 12.9% year-on-year to 3.57 million passengers and load factor at 79.4% versus 68.9% last year. “Yields were lower due to intense competition and a price war. The quarter saw a further rapid improvement in international business due to an equalisation of certain KLIA airport charges. “Malaysia Airlines continues to see strong bookings with a 45% improvement in forward bookings for the next six months (from June to November 2017) compared to the same period in 2016. “The network expansion is on track, with the second flight to Shanghai and Hong Kong (from the Boeing B737 to Airbus A330) showing immediate results. The airline is seeking more wide-body aircraft on short- to medium-term leases to facilitate growth,” he said in a statement yesterday. In terms of service quality, Bellew said that the airline’s customer service index continued to recover as product improvements were steadily introduced in the quarter. “We have introduced the ‘Golden Rule – treat customers as you would wish to be treated yourself’. “MAS will continue to offer great value all-inclusive business and economy fares while other carriers around the world continue to add extra charges and unbundle their fares.” With all the right strategies in place, the group is still on track to be sustainably profitable by 2018. Passenger load factors remained robust for the first quarter with Malaysia Airlines maintaining its fare despite competitors dropping theirs significantly. The rapid recovery in international business continued in the quarter with a load factor of 81.1% in 2017 versus 69.6% in 2016. Domestic business load factor also improved by 9.5% in the quarter. In terms of fleet, the airline is currently operating with 54 Boeing 737-800s, 15 Airbus A330-300s and six Airbus A380s. The rapid growth in international sales requires additional wide-body aircraft in 2018 and 2019 to address profitable demand. The group is exploring various options for wide-body craft delivery in 2018 and 2019. There is a good value in the current market for suitable aircraft in the airline’s delivery timetable. MAS existing A330-300 wide-body planes will require replacement and additional capacity from late 2019. Discussions are ongoing with Airbus on the A330neo and Boeing on the 787-9 for direct purchase or lease to enhance the fleet. Delivery is currently scheduled for six leased new A350 aircraft from Air Lease Corp. The first aircraft is planned to arrive at the end of 2017. The A350s will operate MAS flagship service to London Heathrow from second quarter of next year. Additionally, punctuality improved slightly from the previous quarter at 78%. Time performance was impacted mainly by consequential delays, external factors such as weather in Kuala Lumpur and air traffic control at international stations and technical delays. Customer satisfaction and experience will be key for the airline and Malaysia Airlines has returned to the Skytrax quality scheme this year. It aims to restore its previous high ratings by the end of 2018. Tags / Keywords: Airlines , MAS Related Stories Related Stories CIMB Group stresses zero tolerance for breaches of law MAS directs SGX to enhance recovery processes, resilience MAS in recovery mode Malaysia Airlines ‘aggressively hedging’ as it sees oil at US$70 Creative people who don’t sleep at night - Bellew wants you You May Be Interested Oil rebounds but ends week lower as OPEC cuts disappoint APPIES Malaysia marketing awards now open Riding out the storm Malaysian palm oil price hits 3-week low on weaker related oils, stronger ringgit Aeon’s challenging outlook Racing for a better tomorrow Others Also Read Samsung Electronics to set up fund to help suppliers amid Moon's reform push Turning up the heat after dark Red Bull have a tight hold on their drivers, says Horner Property Related advertisement Latest News Power Talks: Teong Teck Lean Oil rebounds but ends week lower as OPEC cuts disappoint Wall St. drifts before long weekend; consumer stocks up Malaysian palm oil price hits 3-week low on weaker related oils, stronger ringgit Wall St in holiday mode ahead of long weekend (Update 1) Most Viewed in Business Aeon’s challenging outlook Dropouts and the changing economic environment The driving force behind Proton National car maker eyes SUV market under partnership Takeover offer for Wing Tai Malaysia seen undervalued AirAsia’s Fernandes says it’ll be `foolish’ not to consider C919 Ringgit renaissance here to stay for now Riding out the storm Power Talks: Teong Teck Lean Oldtown falls to early March low after Q4 results disappoint advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Hot Topics: Little Train Starts Up US 34 Reopens TVHS Baseball New Principals Colo. Eagles Chase Title Fun in NoCo New Restaurant RH Line Police Calls Your best bets for fun in the Loveland area this week By Reporter-Herald Staff Posted:   05/26/2017 01:23:59 PM MDT Dressed as a Minion, Austin Wood, left, joins Ella Brown as Elsa from the movie "Frozen," ballerina Harper Gryskiewicz and other youngsters as they walk together during the 2015 Pet and Doll Parade at Fairgrounds Park. (Steve Stoner / Loveland Reporter-Herald file photo) Rodeo queen Ashley Doolittle will be honored with the first Boots, Buckles & Bling Gala. (Courtesy Photo / Courtesy Photo) family Pet and Doll Parade Loveland Lions Club will sponsor the annual Pet and Doll Parade starting at 2:30 p.m. Friday, May 26, at Centennial Park, First Street and Taft Avenue, Loveland. The parade is one of the longest-running events in Loveland, according to organizers. It was started in the 1930s by the late Fred Fishburn. Line up will start at 2 p.m. next to the ball fields for children age 3-12 accompanied by a parent or guardian. Pets should be on leashes or caged, and owners must be prepared to clean up their waste. Motorized scooters and bikes are not allowed. Ice cream treats will follow the parade. There is no charge. Call 667-5404 for details. benefit Boots, Buckles & Bling The launch of the Ashley Doolittle Foundation and the first Boots, Buckles & Bling Gala will take place at 6 p.m. Friday, May 26, at Ellis Ranch, 2331 Ellis Ranch Lane, Loveland. It will be a night dedicated to preserving the slain rodeo queen's legacy and honoring her love of our western heritage. The Foundation is dedicated to preserving Ashley's legacy by building awareness of and preventing teenage dating violence. Tickets are $100-$700. For details, call 303-588-0605 or visit ashleydoolittlefoundation.org/gala. holiday Memorial Day Advertisement Resthaven Funeral Home and Memorial Gardens Cemetery, 8426 S. U.S. 287, Fort Collins, will sponsor the following Memorial Day events: • 1 p.m. Saturday, May 27, the El Jebel Shrine Pipe Band. • 6:45 p.m. Sunday, May 28, Queen City Jazz Band followed by skydivers, a Model T car show, fireworks, refreshments and more. • 10:30 a.m. Monday, May 29, traditional Memorial Day service with keynote speaker Ret. Army Col. Stan Cass, performance by Big Thompson Brass Quintet, special music by Larimer Chorale and Loveland Associated Veterans, and a dove release. All events are free and open to the public. For details, call 667-0202. comedy Friends in Safe Places Internet sensation and "pick-up truck pundit" Chad Prather and Comedy Central comedian Steve "Mudflap" McGrew will present "Friends in Safe Spaces" at 7:30 p.m. Thursday, June 1, at the Rialto Theater Center, 228 E. Fourth St., Loveland. The pair are joining forces to bring comedy and common sense together in a gut bustin' show that aims to leave both sides of the political aisle doubled over with laughter. Tickets are $22. VIP tickets with seating in the first two rows, a signed tour poster and post-show meet-and-greet are $50. For details, call 962-2120 or visit rialtotheatercenter.org. music Taj Mo Taj Mo: the Taj Mahal and Keb' Mo' band will perform live at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday, May 30, at the Lincoln Center, 417 W. Magnolia, Fort Collins. The two blues legend are touring in support of their first album as a duo. Tickets are $49.50-$65. For details, call 221-6730 or visit lctix.com. theater 'Boeing Boeing' Bas Bleu Theatre will present "Boeing Boeing," opening at 7:30 p.m. Saturday, May 27, at the theater, 401 Pine St., Fort Collins. (Not Provided / Loveland Reporter-Herald) The zany French farce features an American Lothario living in Paris, engaged to Italian, German and American airline hostesses who are unaware of each other until an unexpected schedule change brings them all to his apartment at one time. It runs through June 25. Tickets are $26 for adults, $20 for seniors ($18 on Thursday evenings and Sunday matinees) and $13 for students. For details, call 498-8949 or visit basbleu.org. art Art Market The annual juried Art Market will be held 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday-Sunday, May 27-28, and 9 a.m.-4 p.m. Monday, May 29, at Bond Park in downtown Estes Park. The market will include about 100 local, Colorado and natural artisans. Admission is free. For details, call 586-5882 or visit artcenterofestes.com. benefit Realities Ride & Rally Realities for Children will present the annual Realities Ride and Rally poker run Memorial Day weekend to benefit abused children in Northern Colorado. The rally will be at 11 a.m.-9 p.m. Saturday, May 27, and noon-5 p.m. Sunday, May 29, in Civic Center Park at North Howes Street and LaPorte Avenue in Fort Collins, and features a bicycle parade, live music, beer gardens, vendors, motorcycle stunts, a car show, a patriotic pin-up girl contest, eating contests and fireworks. The Hot Cars Cook Nights Car Show will open at 10 a.m. The ride will start at 10 a.m. Sunday, May 28, meeting at Thunder Mountain Harley-Davidson, 4250 Byrd Drive in Loveland. Riders will follow a new 100-mile scenic route. Registration starts at 8 a.m. The cost is $30 per bike and $10 per passenger. A Budweiser After-Ride Party will follow at the Fort Collins venue. For details or to preregister, call 484-9090 or visit realitiesride.com. music Trident Winds Concert Rocky Mountain National Park will offer a concert by the Trident Winds Woodwind Trio from the Navy Band Northwest at 7 p.m. Saturday, May 27, at the Beaver Meadows Visitor Center, on U.S. 35 west of Estes Park. Composed of flute, clarinet, and bassoon, they perform a variety of musical styles, including an eclectic blend of classical and Americana music. This program is free and open to the public. Space is limited. For details about the park, call 586-1206 or visit nps.gov/romo. (James Garcia / Loveland Reporter-Herald) Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Your best bets for fun in the Loveland area this week Buckhorn Northern train opens for season on Saturday Rodeo in Loveland highlights skills of the modern cowboy   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Share 9 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-27 Who Is JP Sears? ‘Ultra Spiritual’ YouTube Sensation Actually Believes All That Stuff Entertainment 2017-05-27 ‘Stranger Things’ Director Shawn Levy: Season 2 Will Be Bigger And Scarier [Video] Entertainment 2017-05-26 ‘Love Actually’ 16 Minute Sequel Shows What Everyone Is Up To 14 Years Later Entertainment 2017-05-26 Clint Eastwood, Johnny Depp, Tim Allen And Thomas Gibson: Camille Paglia Making Room For ‘Manly’ Men [Opinion] News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-05-26 Johnny Depp Case: New Evidence Management Team Is At Fault For Financial Woes, ‘Whistleblower’ Deposed News 2017-05-26 Little Caesars Pizza Sued For $100 Million After Muslim Man Claims He Was Served Pork Labeled As ‘Halal’ Food News 2017-05-26 Donald Trump Pushes Back Against Russia Allegations News 2017-05-26 Ron Howard Weighs In On Whether Movie Premieres Will Be Terrorist Targets Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Football 2017-05-27 Mike Glennon Earns Praise From The Chicago Bears’ Coaching Staff [Opinion] Wrestling 2017-05-26 Sasha Banks Forming New Partnership With Cedric Alexander To Even Odds With Alicia Fox And Noam Dar Wrestling 2017-05-26 Jinder Mahal Receives Stone Cold Steve Austin’s Stamp Of Approval As Future Star Basketball 2017-05-26 L.A. Lakers Rumors: Lonzo Ball To Sixers In NBA Draft, Josh Jackson To Lakers? Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-25 National Wine Day: Quotes, GIFs, Recipes, And More Lifestyle 2017-05-24 Memorial Day 2017: Freebies, Discounts, Deals, & More Lifestyle 2017-05-21 Tired Of Being Single? Embrace ‘Sologamy’ And Marry Yourself Lifestyle 2017-05-19 Dunkin’ Donuts Gives Away Free Frozen Coffee Samples Today, And ‘Freeze The Day With $1K’ Giveaway Ends Today Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-26 Penis Transplant In South Africa Gives Patient The Right Organ With The Wrong Color Health 2017-05-25 Magic Mushrooms Are ‘Safest’ Recreational Drug Says New Study, But How Safe Are They? Health, Medicine 2017-05-24 Merck & Co. Gain FDA Approval For Pembrolizumab, A Groundbreaking New Cancer Medication Health 2017-05-22 Video Of Little Girl’s Tick Paralysis Goes Viral — Warning To Parents Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-05-26 ‘Tekken’ Is Ready To Take The World By Storm — World Tour And $200K eSports League Announced Gaming 2017-05-26 ‘Friday The 13th: The Game’ Hints: Here’s The Tip You Need To Kill Jason Voorhees Gaming 2017-05-26 ‘The Sims 4’ Pets DLC: New Leak Shows Expansion Is In The Works, Features Teased In Game Files Gaming 2017-05-26 The Timing of ‘Far Cry 5’s Montana Setting & Gianforte’s Political Victory Are A Perfect Pairing [Opinion] BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-27 Are Fidget Spinners Safe? Incidents Spark Concern Among Parents And Officials About Dangers Of Latest Toy Fad BuzzWorthy 2017-05-26 Another Barely Legal Teen Auctions Off Virginity For College Tuition And A Car BuzzWorthy 2017-05-26 Melania Trump Sizzles In $51,500 Floral Jacket By Dolce & Gabbana In Catania, Sicily [Photos] BuzzWorthy 2017-05-26 They’re Back! Creepy Clown Sightings Return As Machete-Wielding Clown Horrifies Drivers On California Highway SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss World War 3: Seattle Officials Concerned And Ready To Plan For Possible North Korea Nuclear Attack News 9 0 0 May 26, 2017 World War 3: Seattle Officials Concerned And Ready To Plan For Possible North Korea Nuclear Attack Kristine Moore In the latest World War 3 news, North Korea allegedly now has working missiles they aim to mass produce, and with Seattle the closest major U.S. city to Pyongyang, officials are worried about a possible nuclear attack in the future. As a result, they would like to prepare the city as much as possible in the event that North Korea decides to launch their new missiles in the direction of the Emerald City. As the Inquisitr recently reported, Seattle is thought to be a major North Korean missile target due to its close proximity to the Trident Submarine base, Boeing, and the joint base, Lewis–McChord. The naval base in Kitsap also allegedly contains 1,300 nuclear warheads, which makes it one of the biggest stockpiles of nuclear weapons anywhere in the world. Former CIA head General Michael Hayden has already asserted that he believes North Korea will have nuclear missiles capable of striking Seattle within the next several years, an act which could very easily lead to World War 3. What is most worrying to people right now is that North Korea finally appears to have working missiles. In North Korea’s latest missile test, the Pentagon was able to confirm that the missile was found to have shot up 1,000 feet higher than the International Space Station, as Fox News reported. Afterward, the missile came down 60 miles away from Russia after having re-entered the Earth’s atmosphere. Seattle officials aim to prepare for a possible nuclear attack from North Korea to avert World War 3. [Image by Dan Callister/Getty Images] Previously, the prospect of World War 3 hadn’t been taken too seriously with North Korea not demonstrating that their country had real, working missiles. Now, however, one United States official spoke to Fox News and called North Korea’s latest test a “big step forward” for the country’s growing nuclear missile program. Government officials in Hawaii, the closest state to North Korea, are taking nuclear threats very seriously now and are trying to decide how best to tackle response plans for a nuclear attack. But Seattle is having some difficulties with this currently as the city is allegedly unable to do anything practical to prepare for any sort of emergency nuclear attack. This is because while the State of Washington is legally allowed to have disaster plans for any conceivable scenario that you could possibly imagine, there is a law against preparing for a nuclear attack. This could conceivably leave Seattle open to a nuclear attack from North Korea, which in turn could start World War 3. A Washington state law, RCW 38.52.030, passed in 1983, reads, “The comprehensive, all-hazard emergency plan authorized under this subsection may not include preparation for emergency evacuation or relocation of residents in anticipation of nuclear attack.” World War 3: Doomsday Clock Moved Forward, Seattle Cited As Major North Korean Missile Target https://t.co/9Mu9leOKFA — Inquisitr News (@theinquisitr) May 6, 2017 Washington Senator Mark Miloscia believes that current laws preventing Seattle and the State of Washington from developing contingency plans to prepare for a nuclear attack are extremely dangerous. “I think it’s ridiculous and silly. And sort of the head-in-the-sand mentality. If it has a probability of happening, prepare for it.” With more than a few in Seattle concerned with a missile attack from North Korea or even World War 3 as the worst case scenario, the top emergency planner for Washington State, Robert Ezelle, who is the director of the Washington Military Department of Emergency Management, has admitted that Seattle has no plans whatsoever for a nuclear attack, but this fact doesn’t seem to bother him. “We do not have a specific plan for a nuclear attack. Nor do we have a specific plan for a volcano or a number of types of hazards that you can name.” [Image by Stephen Brashear/Getty Images] In keeping with those who agree that Seattle should be kept safe from North Korea’s missiles, the director of the National Center for Disaster Preparedness at Columbia University, Irwin Redlener, takes issue with Robert Ezelle’s statement that there are no plans in place for a nuclear attack and that it doesn’t matter, especially when dealing with North Korea and a possible trigger for World War 3. “I think that needs to be in its own category of planning because the situation for fallout and radiation and long-term contamination of areas.” As most experts appear to agree that it will take another three years for North Korea to be able to attack the West Coast of the United States with their missiles, there is a new bill in Washington which will probably pass next year that would scrap current regulations which ban planning for a nuclear attack. Are you at all concerned about World War 3 and do you think Seattle should have plans in place in case of a nuclear attack from North Korea or elsewhere? [Featured Image by Robert Sumner/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Pope Francis And Donald Trump Kissing In Mural Outside The Vatican Now Read This: Donald Trump Grows Confused And Wanders Away During Press Conference In Israel, Sparking Dementia Speculation Share 9 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Kristine Moore Tags: hawaii, north korea, seattle, world war 3 May 26, 2017 The Timing of ‘Far Cry 5’s Montana Setting & Gianforte’s Political Victory Are A Perfect Pairing [Opinion] May 24, 2017 New ‘Spider-Man: Homecoming’ Trailers Show Off Spider Suit And Michael Keaton’s Vulture Comments LATEST HEADLINES Who Is JP Sears? ‘Ultra Spiritual’ YouTube Sensation Actually Believes All That Stuff Joseph Duggar Is Engaged To Kendra Caldwell And Getting Slammed For Upstaging His Sister On Her Big Day Norman Reedus And Sean Patrick Flanery Turned Down ‘Boondock Saints 3’ Film And TV Series [Opinion] Leaked Trump Call To Duterte: U.S. Poised To Use Nuclear Weapons To Stop North Korea ‘Madman’ Priyanka Chopra Eyes James Bond Film, But Her Love For Villains Suggests She May Have A Darker Role In Mind Miranda Lambert Has A New Admirer: Divorce From Blake Shelton Brought Her More Success ‘Stranger Things’ Director Shawn Levy: Season 2 Will Be Bigger And Scarier [Video] Portland Train Stabbing Leaves Two Dead After They Tried To Stop An Anti-Muslim Verbal Assault Best Horror Movies: This Free & Legal Site Is A Horror Fan’s Dream Come True ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’: Mark Hamill ‘Disagreed With Every Choice’ Rian Johnson Made For Luke Skywalker Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories Cher In A Thong And Bodysuit At 71 Years Of Age: ‘I Can Do A 5-Minute Plank, Okay?’ [Video] 26.1k 0 0 Donald Trump Wants Over $1 Trillion Cut From Social Programs, Adds $25 Billion To Ivanka’s Parental Leave Plan 16.6k 0 0 Supporting POTUS, ‘Pawn Stars’ Rick Harrison Blames Obama For All Of His Business Woes 21.4k 0 0 Ariana Grande Offers To Pay Funerals Of Manchester Attack Victims, Sources Claim 11.9k 0 0 Piers Morgan Slams Ariana Grande For Flying Home Following Manchester Terror Attack: ‘She Should Have Stayed’ 9.6k 0 0 Melania Avoids Trump’s Hand-Holding Again At Rome’s Fiumicino Airport In Italy, Viral #HandGate No. 2 [Video] 10k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
null
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:03 GMT, May 27, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More Zbigniew Brzezinski dead at 89 HomeAmerica Long shot: Pentagon to test ICBM interceptor amid North Korea tensions Published time: 26 May, 2017 20:33 Edited time: 26 May, 2017 20:39 Get short URL FILE PHOTO: Flight Test 06b Ground-Based Interceptor launches from Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif. © US Missile Defense Agency / Flickr As North Korea continues to test ballistic missiles of ever increasing range, the US announced it would attempt the first ever intercept of an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICMB). The test was planned years in advance, according to US officials. The Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD) interceptor will be test-fired next Tuesday from the Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, according to Christopher Johnson, spokesman for the US Missile Defense Agency. The target will be a custom-made missile resembling an ICBM, fired from the Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands. “We conduct increasingly complex test scenarios as the program matures and advances,” Johnson said on Friday. “Testing against an ICBM-type threat is the next step in that process.” #Pentagon to test intercontinental ballistic missile intercept due #NorthKorea threat - News - Stripes https://t.co/VegV4QnGQt— Bob Reid (@rhreid) May 26, 2017 If the test goes as planned, the interceptor will destroy the target warhead high above the Pacific Ocean, AP reported. Kwajalein is approximately 8,000 km (4,972 miles) from Los Angeles, California. The Pentagon classifies any missile with a range greater than 3,400 miles as an ICBM. Tuesday’s test was planned “years in advance” and is not a direct response to recent North Korean tests of ballistic missiles, a Pentagon official who spoke on condition of anonymity told Stars and Stripes. The last test of Boeing’s GMD system was in June 2014, when it successfully destroyed a target imitating an intermediate-range ballistic missile. It was the first success after three failures and the program has only recorded nine successful intercepts out of 17 total attempts, according to the military newspaper. Read more 'Inevitable' that N. Korea builds nuclear-armed missile able to reach US ‒ intel head “I can’t imagine what they’re going to say if it fails,” Philip Coyle, senior science fellow at the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation, told AP. Coyle headed the Pentagon’s office of operational testing and evaluation between 1994 and 2001. He added that the GDM tests are “scripted for success,” which makes the failure rate “astonishing.” Deployed in 2004 by the Bush administration, the GMD has never been used it combat. There are currently 32 interceptor missiles in Fort Greely, Alaska and four at Vandenberg. Eight more are supposed to come on-line by the end of this year, AP reported. While North Korea currently lacks the capability to hit the US mainland, a senior military intelligence official warned that such a development is only a matter of time. "If left on its current trajectory the regime will ultimately succeed in fielding a nuclear-armed missile capable of threatening the United States homeland," Lieutenant General Vincent Stewart, director of the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), told the Senate Armed Services Committee earlier this week. "While nearly impossible to predict when this capability will be operational, the North Korean regime is committed and is on a pathway where this capability is inevitable," Stewart added. Where to watch Schedule US lawmakers propose total tourist travel ban to North Korea amid rising tensions N. Korea missile tests: UNSC threatens Pyongyang with sanctions, says launches must stop N. Korea may use its ‘mysterious islands’ for missile launches – report Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by wiseguyreports Asia-Pacific In-Flight Wifi Market Demand & Opportunity Outlook 2016-2021: Market is Projected to Expand at a CAGR of 26.35% – Research and Markets InFlight Wifi   Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “InFlight Wifi Market -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Manufacturers, Analysis of Top Key Players and Forecast to 2022” To Its Research Database. Get Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/695065-asia-pacific-inflight-wifi-market-demand-opportunity-outlook-2021   Covered In This Report: Asia-Pacific in-flight Wi-Fi market of the region is majorly boosted by the increasing number of air passengers. In the past 20 years, Asia Pacific region has witnessed an increase in the number of air passengers by over 6.5%. This trend of growth is anticipated to continue for the coming 10-12 years. Backed up by this trend, Asia Pacific is expected to account for 40.8% of the global air transport in comparison to that of 28% at present. Citing the above mentioned scenario, the in-flight Wi-Fi market is projected to expand at a CAGR>26.35% during 2015-2021. In addition to that, rising penetration of smartphones and formulation of favorable guidelines by the aviation authorities from countries like India for the use of in-flight Wi-Fi services inside an aircraft would further bid to boost the airborne wireless connectivity market over the next few years. In August 2016. Aviation Ministry of India has given a green signal to launch in-flight wifi services in the country. Hence, a spur a expected by the launch of such services. Over the past 10 years, the jetliners fleet in the Asia-Pacific region has experienced almost double increment in its number from 2,901 to 5,852 aircrafts. The number of jet operators in the region also increased from 151 to 226 registering a growth of almost 51% in the past decade. The capacity of the aircrafts also witnessed an annual growth of 7.1% and the number of flight routes within and from the region increased from 2,210 to 3,820, exhibiting a growth of around 58% during the same period. The two major airline companies of the Asia-Pacific region i.e. Boeing and Airbus further anticipates that in order to satisfy the growing air passenger traffic, the demand for new aircrafts would soar from 12,520 to 15,010 aircrafts in the coming 20 years. This burgeoned increase in the total number of aircrafts would surely lead Asia-Pacific to achieve the fastest growth in the in-flight Wi-Fi market in the coming future. With rising use of social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn etc. in the country, the number of social media users would also increase in future. This trend would surely expand the opportunities for the growth of in-flight W-Fi in India.   The year-on year (Y-O-Y) growth rate of most of the Asia-Pacific countries would observe an increase during the period of 2015-2016 (except that of Japan, Singapore and Indonesia). The reason behind this growth could be attributed to strengthening of the economy of most of the Asia-Pacific countries which would lead to larger investments for the development of in-flight Wi-Fi in the region. In a major country such as India, the penetration of social media is witnessing a continuous increase in recent few years. Currently, the total number of social media users in the country is approximately 144 million. Out of this, 120 million users belonged to the urban areas and 24 million from that of rural areas in India. Initially, the passenger traffic at the airports in Asia-Pacific declined from 1.8% in 2012 to 0.6% in 2013. But, with the commencement of the year 2014, the passenger traffic started rising and the growth rate climbed to 4.6% in comparison to 2013. Further, in 2015, the passenger traffic at airports again witnessed a growth at an average of 5.2% over 2014. However, lack of safety and security, higher costs and lack of technology are some of the major challenges that would restrain the growth of in-flight Wi-Fi market during the forecast period. The global in-flight Wi-Fi market is segmented on the basis of type such as hardware and services. . By 2021, the service segment is believed to have the highest market share by 2021. On the basis of technology, the market is segmented into two main types i.e. ATG (Air-to-Ground) and satellite technology. The ATG technology covered the largest segment of the market in 2015, but owing to larger adoption of the satellite based technology by the airline companies, the satellite segment is anticipated to observe the highest compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 22.03% during 2015-2021. The Asia-Pacific in-flight WiFi market is being studied on the basis of country and their performance in recent years. Further, Asia-Pacific in-flight Wi-Fi market is projected to exhibit a strong CAGR (Compound annual growth rate) of >10% . It has been noticed that Asia-Pacific captured the highest share after Americas in global in-flight Wi-Fi market in 2015 followed by Asia-Pacific. Maintaining the same trend, Asia-Pacific is projected to dominate the global inflight WiFi market between 2015 and 2021. Asia Pacific region is anticipated to grow at a rapid pace owing to some of the major factors such as robust economic growth, rising disposable income and increasing penetration of smartphones. The key players of the in-flight Wi-Fi market include ViaSat, Honeywell International Inc., Global Eagle Entertainment, Thales Group, SITA, Kymeta Corporation, Gogo Inc. etc.   Key Answers Captured in Report?  Which geography would have better demand for product/services?  What are the strategies adopted by big players in the regional market?  Which country would see the steep rise in CAGR & year-on-year (Y-O-Y) growth?  What is the current & expected market size in next five years?  What is the market feasibility for long term investment?  What opportunity the country would offer for existing and new players in the market?  What is risk involved for suppliers in the geography?  What factors would drive the demand for the product/service in near future?  What is the impact analysis of various factors in the market growth?  What are the recent trends in the regional market and how successful they are? Make An Enquiry Before Buying This Report@ . https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/695065-asia-pacific-inflight-wifi-market-demand-opportunity-outlook-2021 Table of Contents List of Figures List of Tables Executive Summary Research Methodology Global In-flight Wi-Fi Market Overview     5.1 Global Market Size and Year-on-Year (Y-O-Y) Growth Rate, 2015-2021 Asia-Pacific In-Flight Wi-Fi Market Trend Analysis Asia-Pacific In-Flight Wi-Fi Market Dynamics 7.1.1 Drivers 7.1.1.1 Increasing Penetration of Smartphones 7.1.1.2 Rise in Tech Savvy Population 7.1.1.3 Increase in Number of Airline Passengers 7.1.1.4 Growing Demand of In-flight Entertainment Services 7.1.1.5 Favorable Regulations by Aviation Authorities 7.1.2 Restraints 7.1.2.1 Lack of Awareness 7.1.2.2 Lack of Technology 7.1.2.3 High installation cost 7.1.2.4 Lack of Safe and Secure Technology Continued…  Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=695065    Contact Us: Norah Trent Partner Relations & Marketing Manager Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us)  Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk)    CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsInFlight Wifi, InFlight Wifi  Manufacturers, InFlight Wifi  Market Report, InFlight Wifi  Market Research, InFlight Wifi  Market Sales, InFlight Wifi  Market Trends, InFlight Wifi Industry, InFlight Wifi Market, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Silicon Dioxide Aerogel Market Growth rate, Consumption Research Report and Design Guidelines Overview 2017 Next PostNext Buprenorphine Hydrochloride Market Outlook to 2022: Top Companies in Market, Trends & Growth Factors and Details for Business Development Search Recent Posts Werner & Sons Roofing and Exteriors Receives GAF’s Prestigious 2017 President’s Club Award Tugwell Roofing Receives GAF’s Prestigious 2017 President’s Club Award V. Nanfito Roofing & Siding Receives GAF’s Prestigious 2017 President’s Club Award Ontario Container Transport is the leading Freight Shipping Transportation Companies in Canada Recent Release : Global Membrane Electrode Assemblies Market Forecasts, Size, Share, Regional Outlook 2017 – Acute Market Reports Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. to carry out first ICBM intercept test Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States U.S. | Fri May 26, 2017 | 2:40pm EDT U.S. to carry out first ICBM intercept test WASHINGTON The United States will test an existing missile defense system to try to intercept an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) next week, U.S. officials said on Friday, at a time when North Korea is trying to develop one. The test, scheduled for Tuesday, is the first time the United States will try to intercept an ICBM. The United States has used the Ground-Based Midcourse Defense (GMD) system, managed by Boeing Co. and in place to counter attacks from rogue states such as North Korea, to intercept other types of missiles but never an ICBM. While U.S. officials believe Pyongyang is some years away from mastering re-entry expertise for perfecting an ICBM, it is making advances. This week the head of the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency said that if left unchecked, North Korea is on an "inevitable" path to obtaining a nuclear-armed missile capable of striking the United States. The remarks are the latest indication of mounting U.S. concern about Pyongyang's advancing missile and nuclear weapons programs, which the North says are needed for self-defense. U.S. officials said that the test had been planned well in advance and was not in reaction to any specific event. The Missile Defense Agency said an interceptor based out of Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, one of 36 in California and Alaska, will be used in the test to shoot down a target similar to an ICBM over the Pacific Ocean. The system has carried out successful intercepts in nine out of 17 attempts dating back to 1999. The most recent test was in 2014. Last year a science advocacy group said the system has no proven capability to protect the United States. (Reporting by Idrees Ali; Editing by James Dalgleish) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In U.S. Accused South Carolina serial killer pleads guilty to seven murders: reports An accused serial killer pleaded guilty to seven murders at a court in South Carolina on Friday and was given seven consecutive life sentences without the possibility of parole, avoiding the death penalty, local news reports said. Texas teacher disciplined for 'terrorist' award for student AUSTIN, Texas At least one Houston-area teacher has been disciplined after presenting a seventh grade student with the mock award "most likely to be a terrorist," a school district official said on Friday. Judge overturns life sentences for D.C. sniper Lee Boyd Malvo A federal judge on Friday tossed out life prison terms for one of two men convicted in a deadly Washington, D.C. area shooting spree, saying he must be re-sentenced in light of a U.S. Supreme Court ruling, the Washington Post reported. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,415.82 +0.75 (+0.03%) Dow 30 21,080.28 -2.67 (-0.01%) Nasdaq 6,210.19 +4.94 (+0.08%) Listen Mark Zuckerberg's Harvard Commencement Speech Forget Supersonic. Hypersonic Is the U.S. Military’s New Speed Justin Bachman Bloomberg May 26, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Phantom Express is envisioned as a highly autonomous experimental spaceplane, shown in this artist’s concept. More In the future, military dominance will depend partly on how fast you can fly and how quickly you can get into space. That’s one of the guiding principles behind an advanced Pentagon project to build a spacecraft able to launch smaller payloads into low-earth orbit on short notice, and at lower cost. Boeing Co.’s XS-1 (Experimental Spaceplane), which the company dubs “Phantom Express,” got a green light this week by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or Darpa. The XS-1 is designed to quickly lift satellites as heavy as 3,000 pounds into orbit for $5 million or less, launching from the ground, deploying a small upper-stage module, and then landing like a traditional airplane—the key to reuse and lower operating expense. Darpa also has a separate program aimed at launching 100-pound satellites for less than $1 million per launch, using conventional aircraft. More from Bloomberg.com: Six to One Against Trump on Climate in ‘Honest’ Exchange at G-7 “The XS-1 would be neither a traditional airplane nor a conventional launch vehicle but rather a combination of the two, with the goal of lowering launch costs by a factor of ten and replacing today’s frustratingly long wait time with launch on demand,” Jess Spoonable, a Darpa program manager, said in a May 24 statement. “When most people think about hypersonic aircraft, many believe they would have to be large, expensive, and exotic.” The Phantom Express will be powered with an Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc. AR-22 engine, a newer version of the main engine trio that served on NASA’s Space Shuttle. Boeing will design and build the aircraft through 2019, including 10 engine ground firings over 10 days, followed by 12-15 flight tests in 2020. A Boeing spokeswoman declined to comment on the project’s cost. More from Bloomberg.com: BMW, Mercedes Become Latest Carmakers Caught in Trump Crossfire Beyond the military’s desire for a spaceplane, such a craft would likely carry immense appeal for commercial companies, many of which are planning to launch constellations of small satellites. These companies don’t need the weight capability, or large expense, associated with traditional payload launches sold by United Launch Alliance, the Boeing-Lockheed Martin Corp. joint venture, Arianespace, or Elon Musk’s SpaceX. The XS-1 is also envisioned as a means to further engineering work on advanced airframe designs capable of hypersonic flight, generally five to 10 times above Mach 1, the speed of sound at sea level (approximately 767 miles-per-hour). Historically, these designs have been challenged due to the intense friction and heat generated by higher Mach speeds. More from Bloomberg.com: Trump Saves Worst for Last in First Foreign Trip Beyond a quick pop into space, a craft with hypersonic speed offers the Pentagon a new capability—an aircraft deployable anywhere in the world in less than three hours. “When most people think about hypersonic aircraft, many believe they would have to be large, expensive, and exotic,” Lockheed Martin says. “It’s time we change that perception.” One way the defense contractor is trying to do that is with the next generation of the SR-71 Blackbird, the Cold War-era speed demon able to fly at Mach 3, which provided critical reconnaissance for the Air Force until the late 1990s, when it was retired. The SR-71 still holds numerous speed and altitude records. The new Lockheed Skunk Works project, called the SR-72, is a proposal envisioning an unmanned aircraft that cruises at Mach 6—roughly twice as fast as the 2,300-mile-per-hour SR-71—meaning “an adversary would have no time to react or hide,” Lockheed Martin says in its promotional materials. A Skunk Works spokeswoman declined to comment on hypersonic projects. The SR-72 could be operational by 2030, for less than $1 billion, according to the company, which has been touting the aircraft for several years. Boeing has previously experimented with hypersonic flight with its X-51 WaveRider, a small scramjet platform, dropped from a B-52 bomber, which flew its last test mission in 2013 over the Pacific. The X-51 topped Mach 5, or about 4,000 mph. In the 1960s, NASA experimented with the manned X-15, a high-altitude, hypersonic flight program to inform future space missions. In 1967, the X-15 achieved a record Mach 6.7 (4,520 mph) at more than 102,000 feet. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tEZDWoJdC7w   More from Bloomberg.com Trump's Allies, Convicted of High Crimes Without a Trial Kushners' Blackstone Connection Put on Display in Saudi Arabia Macron Out-Trumps Trump in Handshake Duel Before NATO Summit Read Forget Supersonic. Hypersonic Is the U.S. Military’s New Speed on bloomberg.com Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Coulson Group buys Southwest jets to make first-ever Boeing 737 firefighting tankers Puget Sound Business Journal DARPA reveals design of its space plane for faster, cheaper satellite launches Mashable Chinese jets fly dangerously close during intercept of US plane over South China Sea International Business Times The Boeing Co. nets Super Hornet contract with Orlando work Orlando Business Journal Russian fighter jet taunts US by doing a barrel roll over KC-10 aircraft in Syria International Business Times 'This is serious': Jared Kushner reportedly tried to set up a secret Trump-Russia back channel Business Insider Americans who need jobs aren’t going where the jobs are Yahoo Finance Mark Zuckerberg joins Silicon Valley bigwigs in calling for government to give everybody free money CNBC Samsung’s new Galaxy is a hardware beast Yahoo Finance Video Stocks mixed as investors gear up for long weekend Yahoo Finance A scathing resignation memo from the top US student aid official reveals a Trump proposal that may delegitimize the Department of Education Business Insider Off-lease used cars are flooding market, pushing prices down Associated Press I Have an 800 Credit Score. Why Was I Rejected for This Travel Rewards Card? Credit.com What to Watch in the Markets in the Week Ahead Yahoo Finance Video How to pick the best college tuition payment plan Yahoo Finance Trump just checked Beijing in the South China Sea for the first time — and it's a risky bet Business Insider Americans who need jobs aren’t going where the jobs are Yellowhair: I suspect a lot of people are not willing to move cross country for $12 an hour. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.3k
Search Follow Us! StockTwits Twitter Toggle navigation ETF News Best ETFs Best ETF Categories Upgrades/Downgrades SMART Grades™ ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class ETF Newsletter Search Aerospace & Defense ETFs Continue To Surge (PPA) May 26, 2017 11:11am NYSE:PPA ShareTweet From David Fabian: Sometimes you stumble across a sector of the market that is just in the right place at the right time. That may very well be the sentiment driving the remarkable price action in aerospace and defense stocks in the current geopolitical environment. These companies are the driving forces behind military and commercial aircraft, defense equipment, and other services designed to support the armed forces. The largest and most well-known exchange-traded fund that tracks this group is the iShares U.S. Aerospace & Defense ETF (ITA). This passively managed index fund has $2.9 billion dedicated to a short list of just 39 large-cap stocks including: Boeing (BA), United Technologies Corp (UTX), and Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT). ITA just recently hit new all-time highs and is significantly outperforming the broader SPDR S&P 500 ETF (SPY) over the last twelve months. The chart below shows just how sharply ITA took off after the 2016 election results as the expectation of additional military spending lurked on the horizon. Another established fund in this class is the PowerShares Aerospace & Defense Portfolio (PPA). This ETF tales a slightly broader approach to its index construction criteria by including 52 defense stocks. Many of the top holdings are similar to that of ITA, although there is greater differentiation in the bottom quartile of the portfolio. This will likely only produce small variations in performance over longer cycles. It is worth noting that PPA charges a modestly higher expense ratio of 0.64% versus 0.44% in ITA. Cost is becoming an ever more important consideration when investors compare similar passively managed ETFs. Unless a higher cost fund offers a distinctively unique strategy or enhanced liquidity, its likely to have diminished utility over the long-term. The cheapest fund in this group is the youngest entrant in the SPDR S&P Aerospace & Defense ETF (XAR). This ETF debuted in 2011 and offers a different approach to the weighting of its constituents. The 38 underlying holdings are derived from the aerospace & defense category of the S&P Total Market Index and equal weighted across the board. This provides smaller companies with a greater share of the fund’s assets and allows them to contribute meaningfully to performance. XAR also charges the lowest expense ratio of its peers at just 0.35%. The Bottom Line ETFs that track defense stocks tend to be more aggressive and potentially more volatile than the broader market based on their concentrated portfolios. Investors that are considering these tools should opt to take smaller, tactical positions compared to a traditional core holding with wider diversification and minimal expenses. It also goes without saying that politics and global military trends are likely to have the biggest impact on the direction of these ETFs over the next several years. The PowerShares Aerospace & Defense ETF (NYSE:PPA) was trading at $46.15 per share on Friday morning, down $0.05 (-0.11%). Year-to-date, PPA has gained 10.57%, versus a 8.12% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. PPA currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #11 of 34 ETFs in the Industrials Equities ETFs category. This article is brought to you courtesy of FMD Capital. Tags: Aerospace defense Equity NYSE:PPA NYSE:PPA PowerShares Aerospace & Defense (ETF)(NYSE:PPA) Categories: NYSE:PPA Read Next Aerospace & Defense ETFs Rise As Trump Inks Arms Deal With Saudis (ITA) Big Opportunities Still Exist In The Aerospace & Defense Sector These ETFs Stand To Benefit From Trump’s Big Defense Spending Plans Defense ETFs In Focus As Trump Pledges To Boost Defense Spending National Defense: Is Another Spending Boom on the Horizon? Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Top 10 Tips For Cryptocurrency Investing, As Bitcoin And Ethereum Surge Bitcoin May Have The Most Incredible Price Chart In History Here’s Why Bitcoin Prices Suddenly Crashed And Recovered Yesterday Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: May 27, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest BusinessNow Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Budget 2017 Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport Netball The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Federal Politics Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Home Politics News EXCLUSIVE May 27 2017 - 8:20AM Save Print License article 'Taxpayers sabotaged': Companies not paying tax despite receiving $6 billion in government contracts Eryk Bagshaw Contact via Email Follow on Google Plus Follow on Twitter 13 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Political Insider: Sign up for our newsletter Multinational companies winning taxpayer-funded contracts worth hundreds of millions of dollars are not paying tax, a Fairfax Media investigation of Tax Office and tender data has revealed. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Nine charged over $165m ATO fraud Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:53 More National News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:48 Big companies, small tax Big companies, small tax Fairfax's Eryk Bagshaw investigates the companies that secure multi-million-dollar government contracts, but pay little tax. Up Next Nine charged over $165m ATO fraud Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:53 Video duration 02:53 Nine charged over $165m ATO fraud Nine charged over $165m ATO fraud One of those to be charged is the son of the Australian Taxation Office Deputy Commissioner Michael Cranston, who will appear in court. Up Next Calls for Margaret Court Arena to be renamed Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:24 Video duration 01:24 Calls for Margaret Court Arena to be ... Calls for Margaret Court Arena to be renamed Martina Navratilova has joined calls for Margaret Court Arena in Melbourne to be renamed after the Aussie tennis great said she would boycott Qantas due to the airline's stance on same-sex marriage. Up Next Australian's fighting for Isis 'being targeted' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:14 Video duration 01:14 Australian's fighting for Isis 'being ... Australian's fighting for Isis 'being targeted' There will be "no discrimination" between Australian and non-Australian citizens fighting alongside Isis in the campaign to dismantle the caliphate, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says. Up Next Horrific Sydney smash kills two Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:22 Video duration 00:22 Horrific Sydney smash kills two Horrific Sydney smash kills two Two people are dead after a two-car collision on the Princes Highway in the Sydney suburb of St Peters. Vision: Channel Seven Up Next One Nation investigation Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:51 Video duration 01:51 One Nation investigation One Nation investigation The Australian Electoral Commission reveals it's looking into the purchase of a plane used by One Nation leader Pauline Hanson to campaign. Up Next Mother and child found dead in home Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:30 Video duration 00:30 Mother and child found dead in home Mother and child found dead in home Police investigate the death of a mother and child in Glenelg North in Adelaide. Vision courtesy Seven News. More videos Big companies, small tax Fairfax's Eryk Bagshaw investigates the companies that secure multi-million-dollar government contracts, but pay little tax. Computer giant IBM, software company SAP and military arsenal provider Northrop Grumman are among those paying little or no tax in Australia, while scoring hundreds of government contracts. A Fairfax Media analysis of 20 of the largest tender-winning companies over the past decade has found taxpayers shelled out $6 billion for services ranging from tank maintenance to software. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link IBM has a $1 billion contract to overhaul computing at the Department of Human Services but has failed to sign onto the government's tax transparency reforms Photo: Craig Warga But those top 20 companies paid only a combined $42 million in tax in the last financial year, Tax Office data shows, meaning Australia may have missed out on as much as $264 million in tax if the companies paid the average rate of 30 per cent. Australian business leaders have accused the Turnbull government of fostering an "unconscionable situation" and "sabotaging the taxpayer". Advertisement Japanese tech conglomerate Fujitsu, winner of a $42 million contract for broadcasting technology in August, paid the highest tax rate of the top 20, at 18 per cent. The company, which made a global profit of $1 billion last year, has secured 268 taxpayer-funded tenders over the past decade. All companies that responded to questions from Fairfax Media said they operated legally and reduced their total tax payable by claiming tax credits for development or carrying tax losses forward. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Australia's new spy plane: The Northrop Grumman-built Triton unmanned aircraft. Photo: Northrop-Grumman Read their responses in full here. Fairfax Media can reveal Coalition senator Barry O'Sullivan first raised concerns with former treasurer Joe Hockey more than three years ago, but despite the 2015 recommendations of a Senate inquiry, little direct action has been taken by the government. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Small business ombudsman Kate Carnell is investigating procurement for Australian businesses.  Photo: Louise Kennerley The Tax Office's Black Economy report, released on budget night, urged the government to "take the lead" and limit tender opportunities to companies that have a good tax record. In documents recently released under freedom of information, Finance Minister Mathias Cormann previously said assessing a company's tax rate for tenders was impractical and warned that discriminating against foreign companies would be a breach of free trade obligations. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Labor has adopted the 2015 Senate inquiry recommendation that tenderers be forced to state their country of tax.  Photo: Louise Kennerley "This would demand very specific expertise and impose significant compliance costs for businesses as well as the Commonwealth," he said in 2016. Bureau of Statistics figures show that in 2014-15, $52 billion of the $59 billion awarded in tenders were attached to an Australian address. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Finance Minister Mathias Cormann said "such actions are not in keeping with the government's commitment to reduce internal and external red tape." Photo: Alex Ellinghausen Many, such as airplane titan Boeing, which has taken out 232 tenders over the past decade, operate from an Australian address while being owned by their US based parent company. A spokesman said Boeing paid taxes in Australia in accordance with relevant laws and requirements. It is understood Senator O'Sullivan was particularly concerned about the increasingly uneven playing field in IT contracts, a problem that has emerged as more government services move online. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Coalition senator Barry O'Sullivan first raised concerns with former treasurer Joe Hockey more than three years ago.  Photo: Andrew Meares IBM has a $1 billion contract to overhaul computing at the Department of Human Services but has failed to sign on to the government's tax transparency reforms. It has won 178 tenders in the past decade but paid 0 per cent tax last year. A confidential ministerial brief for Financial Services Minister Kelly O'Dwyer states the measures in the government's tax integrity package and the Multinational Anti Avoidance Law would ensure that activity taking place in Australia is taxed in Australia. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Concerns were raised to Financial Services Minister Kelly O'Dwyer through a ministerial brief.  Photo: Alex Ellinghausen But neither it nor the recently released procurement rules from the Department of Finance include a provision for withholding government contracts from companies not paying tax; rather suppliers are asked to "provide an economic benefit" through paying tax in Australia. Labor has adopted the 2015 Senate inquiry recommendation that tenderers be forced to state their country of tax. "Disclosure isn't discrimination," said Labor's shadow assistant treasurer Andrew Leigh. "You see the analogy with Plutus payroll [which allegedly defrauded $165 million from the tax office] – good companies which have been working for many decades missed out on government tenders because their model involved paying tax." Small Business Minister Michael McCormack is also understood to have advocated for a greater focus on small to medium-sized Australian enterprises, which receive less than a quarter of all government contracts, despite the value of all tender contracts more than doubling from $26 billion to $56 billion in the past decade. Mercury chief executive John Anastasiou, who has contracts under threat from SAP, a company that paid 15 per cent tax last year, said he was deeply disturbed by the situation. "It is unconscionable that they are generating large sums of money from Australian taxpayers while contributing a paltry amount to the system that is supporting their business," he wrote in a letter to Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Optical Superstore chief executive Ian Melrose, who lost a defence contract to Specsavers, headquartered in the corporate tax haven of Guernsey in the Channel Islands, said the concept of letting Australian taxpayers' money support a contract "whose headquarters have a zero tax rate sabotages the Australian taxpayer." Small Business Ombudsman Kate Carnell has launched an investigation into the issue. "This scenario has gotten worse because the government has gone to fewer bigger tenders," she said. "A mower used to get the mowing contract, a maintenance company got the maintenance contract and the defence expert got the defence contract. Those three have now been pulled into one contact picked up by large multinationals." KPMG's Australian tax leader, Grant Wardell-Johnson, said the recommendations of the ATO's black economy report were an appropriate next step. "If I was to draft the laws and you were involved in anti-avoidance activity that would threaten your procurement," he said. Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as 'Taxpayers sabotaged': Companies not paying tax despite receiving $6 billion in government contracts . Advertisement Most Popular When worlds collide: Hanson's reality check Indigenous summit rejects recognition, pushes for treaty Emissions intensity scheme 'best and most appropriate' policy Government offered fix to pass school funding model ASIO rebuffs Hanson over refugee terror links Property News Rare Mosman house for sale with bomb ... Contains: External link How to get your smashed avo and eat it ... Contains: External link Follow Politics Fairfax Breaking news, video and analysis from Fairfax Media's federal team. Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Federal Politics When worlds collide: Hanson's reality check Indigenous summit rejects recognition, pushes for treaty ASIO rebuffs Hanson over refugee terror links Emissions intensity scheme 'best and most appropriate' policy Government offered fix to pass school funding model WA Today 'Bikini challenge' gym trainer under fire 'Chick on a Stick' to remain as new wineries open at Laurance site 'Evil 8' accused Alfred Impicciatore found in NSW Perth lawn lover chalks up battle against dog poo Margaret Court's own arena comes out for 'inclusion' The Sydney Morning Herald Six against Trump in 'intense' G7 climate change talks El Masri reunites with first wife Arwa Tennis great hits back at 'bullying' over Margaret Court Arena name change 'Power failure' closes M5 East, parts of light rail Macdonald set to be jailed after bail revoked The Age Children among dozens killed in attack on Christians in Egypt Father of abuse victims Anthony Foster dies Six against Trump in 'intense' G7 climate change talks Tennis great hits back at 'bullying' over Margaret Court Arena name change Margaret Court's own arena comes out for 'inclusion' Brisbane Times Severe bath burns thought to be cause of Brisbane toddler's death O'Dempsey found guilty of 1974 McCulkin murders 'Planets align' as traffic delays surround Brisbane Queensland's five richest people revealed Palaszczuk rules out royalty holiday for Adani Canberra Times Canberra kids birthday parties - $130 v $900 Public servant demands $100,000 uni degree Canberra's lack of affordable housing is crushing this family Ride an Uber, drive a Tesla - just don't invest in them Just how much is Malcolm Turnbull's chief of staff Greg Moriarty paid? WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Defense News Lockheed Martin drops out of over-the-horizon missile competition The company is the second this month, after Boeing, to pull out of a U.S. Navy contest to replace the AGM-84 Harpoon on the Littoral Combat Ship and frigate-class warships. By Stephen Carlson   |   May 26, 2017 at 9:44 AM Follow @upi Comments May 26 (UPI) -- Lockheed Martin has chosen to drop its Long Range Anti-Ship Missile, or LRASM, out of the Navy competition for a new anti-ship missile meant for the Littoral Combat Ship and frigate-class warships. "After long and careful consideration, Lockheed Martin has decided to withdraw from the U.S. Navy Over-the-Horizon Weapon System competition. As the current OTH-WS request for proposal process refined over time, it became clear that our offering would not be fully valued," the company told USNI News. "If additional changes are made to the RFP, Lockheed Martin would review the new requirements and assess whether our capability would be a good fit to meet the U.S. Navy's needs, as we would with any RFP." Lockheed is the second company to drop out of the competition to replace the AGM-84 Harpoon, since Boeing also dropped out of the competition earlier this month, pulling back on its update of the missile. "We've kept up to speed on every [request for proposal] modification and with that the constant change in the top-level requirements every time they do a modified release," Troy Rutherford, director of Boeing Cruise Missile Systems, said at the time. "We don't see that this solicitation isn't the right place for us to make entrée into the surface Navy because of how it undervalues our overall capability." The AGM-84 Harpoon, originally designed by McDonnell Douglas, has been in service since 1977 with countries around the world. It has been used in combat multiple times, and can be launched from air, sea, and land from a variety of systems. Lockheed Martin's LRASM is a ship-launched missile designed to be launched from the MK 41 Vertical Launch System on naval ships, and can be deployed by aircraft. It uses the same systems as the Tactical Tomahawk, with a more accurate long-range targeting system than the Harpoon. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories SkyGuardian drone tops 48 hours in air Boeing, DARPA to collaborate on experimental spaceplane MD Helicopters to support MD 530F Cayuse Warrior in Afghanistan Comments Latest Headlines Lockheed Martin receives infrared satellite contract 9 hours ago ago May 26 (UPI) -- Lockheed Martin Space Systems has received a $50 million modification to a previously awarded contract for the Space Based Infrared System satellites. Military leaders make case for $13.9B nuclear weapons budget 13 hours ago ago May 26 (UPI) -- Modernization and replacement programs for the nuclear weapons triad will be a priority for the Departments of Defense and Energy in 2018, according to officials. Super Hornets to get infrared search and track system 16 hours ago ago May 26 (UPI) -- Boeing has received an $89 million contract to incorporate the Block II Infrared Search and Track System in the E and F models of the F/A-18 fighter plane. SkyGuardian drone tops 48 hours in air 20 hours ago ago May 26 (UPI) -- The new MQ-9B SkyGuardian drone has set a flight endurance record for Predator Bs. Boeing, DARPA to collaborate on experimental spaceplane 1 day ago ago May 25 (UPI) -- Boeing and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency are entering into a partnership to design, test and build the hypersonic Experimental Spaceplane. Trending Stories Nearing release from prison, Texas nurse charged with infant's '81 death Dad pranks teen son by dressing in Speedo for school pickup Poll: Younger, older Americans may rely more on Social Security Mother elk kicks bear in the face to rescue her calf South Carolina killer pleads guilty to seven murders PHOTOS President Trump visits the Middle East Michael Bay honored at Hollywood handprint ceremony Stars showcase their films at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Hugh Jackman attends the 'Logan' premiere in Tokyo On the red carpet at the 2017 Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas Cloud Computing wins the Preakness Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Jane's 360 Jane's Airport 360 IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Register 360 My Preference 360 Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events Paris Air Show 2017 CANSEC 2017 IDEX 2017 INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Defence HOME DEFENCE C4ISR & MISSIONS SYSTEMS C4ISR: AIR ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login C4iSR: Air US Navy kicks-off Super Hornet Block 3 effort with IRST contract Gareth Jennings, London - IHS Jane's International Defence Review 26 May 2017 The US Navy (USN) has begun the process of upgrading its F/A-18E/F Super Hornet to the latest Block 3 standard, with a contract award to Boeing to incorporate the Block 2 Infrared Search and Track System (IRST) onto the combat aircraft. A mock-up of the integrated Block 2 IRST system seen forward of the nosewheel on this Super Hornet that was fitted with the improvements planned under the International Roadmap. This moniker was changed to the Advanced Super Hornet, and has now become the Super Hornet Block 3. (IHS Markit/Gareth Jennings) The cost-plus-incentive-fee contract, which was announced by the Department of Defense (DoD) on 25 May, is valued at USD89 million and covers the initial design and development, procurement of prototyping hardware, technical risk reduction efforts, integrated product support, and technical reviews of the Block 2 IRST with the F/A-18E/F to support the system through the preliminary design review. Work is expected to be completed in April 2020. The USN's Super Hornets already field an IRST in the guise of the podded AN/ASG-34. This system, which was developed by Lockheed Martin, with assistance from Boeing and General Electric, is not integrated into the aircraft but is instead housed in a modified centreline drop tank that is carried on the centreline hardpoint. With this system, the Super Hornet is able to identify and track aircraft from their thermal signature (either through the engine or the aerodynamic heating of the airframe). Not being integrated, the AN/ASG-34 is very much an interim solution prior to the navy adopting an internal system. The Block 2 IRST is one of a number of enhancements for the Super Hornet that the USN is set to incorporate under its Block 3 plan to take the aircraft's service life out to the end of the 2040s. Block 3, which was previously known by Boeing as the Super Hornet International Roadmap and then as the Advanced Super Hornet, is built around a new more powerful processor than the one currently fitted to the aircraft. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options:　ihs.com/contact To read the full article, Client Login (308 of 613 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defence: C4ISR & Mission Systems IHS Jane's C4ISR & Mission Systems: Air IHS Jane's International Defence Review AMERICAS Lockheed Martin marks maiden flight of LM-100J AIR PLATFORMS NATO summit: Invoking the fight against terrorism, Trump demands more money from allies COUNTRY RISK Raytheon wins out for LCS variable depth sonar INDUSTRY Seiler to supply optical fire control kits for India's M777 howitzers INDUSTRY Chile's defence procurement 'Copper Law' likely to remain COUNTRY RISK AMERICAS Lockheed Martin marks maiden flight of LM-100J AIR PLATFORMS NATO summit: Invoking the fight against terrorism, Trump demands more money from allies COUNTRY RISK Raytheon wins out for LCS variable depth sonar INDUSTRY Seiler to supply optical fire control kits for India's M777 howitzers INDUSTRY Chile's defence procurement 'Copper Law' likely to remain COUNTRY RISK C4ISR & MISSIONS SYSTEMS Pentagon budget 2018: US Air Force proposes 78% cut to Space Fence C4ISR: LAND Saudi Arabia to purchase upgunned US LCS Freedom-class variant C4ISR: MARITIME Ukraine develops rocket grenade system C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT Saab Grintek reveals BattleTek 5 C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT SEA enhances DECKsim functionality C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT C4ISR & MISSIONS SYSTEMS Pentagon budget 2018: US Air Force proposes 78% cut to Space Fence C4ISR: LAND Saudi Arabia to purchase upgunned US LCS Freedom-class variant C4ISR: MARITIME Ukraine develops rocket grenade system C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT Saab Grintek reveals BattleTek 5 C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT SEA enhances DECKsim functionality C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW Singapore Army showcases Next Generation ARV prototype IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW Singapore Army's commando VSV breaks cover IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW Saab Grintek reveals BattleTek 5 IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW SEA enhances DECKsim functionality IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW LACS launches new TES system IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW Singapore Army showcases Next Generation ARV prototype LAND PLATFORMS Singapore Army's commando VSV breaks cover SEA PLATFORMS Saab Grintek reveals BattleTek 5 C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT SEA enhances DECKsim functionality C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT LACS launches new TES system C4ISR: LAND FEATURED REPORT Global coverage: P-8A provides patrol capacity around the world As maritime patrol returns to the top of the operational agenda, a number of countries are investing in new multimission aircraft to tackle surveillance tasks at sea. Dr Lee Willett and Ridzwan Rahmat discuss the P-8A Poseidon programmes developing in the European and Asia-Pacific theatres Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 844 301 7334 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3763 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Jane's Airport 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2017 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Sign In  /  Sign Up Invalid Email-Id Or Password!!! Email-Id  :       Password  :   Forgot Password? Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Enter your Email-id to retrieve your password Invalid Email-Id!!! Email-Id  :       Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai DARPA reveals design of its space plane for faster, cheaper satellite launches Adario Strange Mashable•May 26, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Launching satellites into orbit could get a lot cheaper thanks to an experimental space plane.  SEE ALSO: NASA's new space fabric looks like chain mail and can protect astronauts This week, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) revealed the design for the XS-1, which is set to be built by Boeing. The hypersonic aircraft would launch vertically, deploy a second stage to carry a satellite into orbit, and then land like a normal airplane.  Although the aircraft is still in the concept phase, DARPA believes the final result will be a vehicle that will provide "short-notice, low-cost access to space" for both military and commercial use. Initial tests of the XS-1 technology will attempt 10 flights over the course of 10 days with the ultimate goal being routine low-Earth orbit flights for around $5 million or less per launch. (Currently, it costs SpaceX about $62 million to launch its Falcon 9 rocket into orbit.) "We're delighted to see this truly futuristic capability coming closer to reality," DARPA's Brad Tousley said in a statement on the agency's website. "Demonstration of aircraft-like, on-demand, and routine access to space is important for meeting critical Defense Department needs and could help open the door to a range of next-generation commercial opportunities." And while this futuristic space plane and the opportunities it may afford sound exciting, actual flight tests aren't scheduled to happen until 2020. For now, you'll have to use the concept video (above) to imagine this very near future of space travel.  WATCH: View photos Https%3a%2f%2fblueprint api production.s3.amazonaws.com%2fuploads%2fvideo uploaders%2fdistribution thumb%2fimage%2f440%2fb0778bf4 ba86 43fb ac61 9c5cc7ea776aMore Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Two-year-old girl dies after man carries out WWE move 'Batista bomb' on her 1763 reactions4%54%42% Hillary, Naval Academy, Trump & more — it happened today: May 26 in pictures 236 reactions4%69%27% Turkish NBA star tweets 'you can't catch me' at arrest warrant report 468 reactions2%76%22% 38-Year-old Grandmother Just Announced That She’s Pregnant 1045 reactions4%78%18% Shaking hands with President Trump 104 reactions6%67%27% FBI calls emergency meeting with Eric and Donald Trump Jr. 289 reactions3%74%23% Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 57 reactions6%79%15% Sea Lion Victim Now Has a Rare Infection 493 reactions4%72%24% John Glenn's body was disrespected at US Air Force mortuary before being buried, reveals Pentagon report 1723 reactions3%75%22% White House adviser clarifies Trump criticism of Germany 6342 reactions5%70%25% Cat visits every national park 243 reactions20%70%10% Trump closes in on the end of his first overseas trip 10 reactions12%50%38% Historic Pearl River Mart Reopens to Bring 'Cross-Cultural Joy' to NYC 52 reactions7%68%25% Melania Trump Wears Incredible $51,500 Floral Jacket for Final Day Abroad 4169 reactions8%66%26% South Carolina couple to carry baby with fatal condition to term: 'She's still very much loved' 1045 reactions17%62%21% Americans who need jobs aren’t going where the jobs are 2263 reactions5%73%22% Over one million people sign online petition to impeach Donald Trump KEN: Trump has accomplished more for the average American in 4 months than Omama did in 8 years. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 115
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Commercial and Military Flight Simulation Market 2015-2022 - Global Strategic Business Report 2017 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 26 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article DUBLIN, May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Commercial and Military Flight Simulation - Global Strategic Business Report" report to their offering. The report provides separate comprehensive analytics for the US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle East & Africa, and Latin America. Annual estimates and forecasts are provided for the period 2015 through 2022. Also, a six-year historic analysis is provided for these markets. Market data and analytics are derived from primary and secondary research. This report analyzes the worldwide markets for Commercial and Military Flight Simulation in US$ Million by the following Product/Service Segments: Commercial Flight Simulation (Commercial Full Flight Simulators, Commercial Flight Training Devices, & Commercial Flight Training Services) Military Flight Simulation (Military Full Flight Simulators, Military Flight Training Devices, & Military Flight Training Services). The report profiles 78 companies including many key and niche players such as: Alsim Flight Training Solutions (France) Bluedrop Performance Learning Inc. (Canada) CAE, Inc. (Canada) Cubic Corporation (USA) Elbit Systems Ltd. (Israel) ELITE Simulation Solutions (USA) FlightSafety International, Inc. (USA) FRASCA International, Inc. (USA) HAVELSAN A.S. (Turkey) Lockheed Martin Corporation (USA) L3 Technologies, Inc. (USA) L3 Link Simulation & Training (USA) Rockwell Collins, Inc. (USA) Thales Group (France) The Boeing Company (USA) TRU Simulation + Training Inc. (USA) Key Topics Covered: 1. INDUSTRY OVERVIEW A Prelude New Aircraft Models to Drive Growth Oil Prices Take a Toll on Military Spending Outlook 2. KEY MARKET TRENDS, GROWTH DIVERS & ISSUES Improvement in Global GDP Performance Bodes Well for the Market Commercial Aviation Emerges as Major End-Use Sector for Flight Simulation Demand for Civil Aviation Pilots Set to Accelerate in the Future An Indication of Opportunity in Store for Commercial Flight Simulation Market  Regulatory Safety Compliance Drives Demand for Flight Simulators in the Commercial Aviation Sector Multi Crew Pilot Licensing Process to Support Demand for Simulators Airline Safety and Federal Aviation Administration Act of 2010 Implications Opportunities in Military Aviation Sector Growth Drivers in a Nutshell Rising Global Security Concerns Propel Growth of Military Flight Simulator Review of Defense Budgets & Implications on Military Flight Simulation market Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Simulation: Emerging Opportunity Need to Save on High Fuel Costs Drive Increased Demand for Flight Simulators New Generation Aircraft Drive Demand for Flight Simulation Products & Services in Commercial & Military Aviation Sectors Sophisticated Avionics Create New Opportunities for Flight Simulators Technology Developments & Product Innovations Expand Market Opportunities for Simulators Fully-Loaded Products Help Boost Market Prospects for Flight Simulation Products Cost Drives the Technology Shift in Commercial Flight Simulators Industry Military Simulation Training Embraces Simulators in Plug and Play Mode Designers of Military Simulators Draw Inspiration from the Gaming Arena Networking and Interoperability Gains Prominence Flight Training Services Market to Witness Robust Growth Innovation in Aircraft Platforms Spurs Demand for Training Services Online Simulation Based Aviation Pilot Training Grows in Popularity Simulator Manufacturers Expand into the Training Services Field to Expand Revenue Opportunities Full Flight Simulators Continue to Gain Prominence Prices of FFSs and FTDs Continue to Slide Emerging Markets to Lend Traction to Growth in Coming Years Modernization to Drive Growth in Developed Economies Competition Strategic Alliances and Collaborations: Key Competitive Factors Key Market Share Findings A Peek into the Recent Past Leading Players in Global Full-Flight Simulators (FFS) Market (2013): Percentage Share Breakdown of Installed Simulators for CAE, FlightSafety International, L-3 Link Simulation & Training, and Others Leading Players in Global Commercial Full-Flight Simulators (FFS) Market (2013): Percentage Share Breakdown of Installed Simulators for CAE, FlightSafety International, L-3 Link Simulation & Training, and Others Leading Players in Global Military Full-Flight Simulators (FFS) Market (2013): Percentage Share Breakdown of Installed Simulators for Boeing, CAE, FlightSafety International, L-3 Communications, Lockheed Martin, Thales Group, and Others 3. PRODUCT OVERVIEW Flight Simulation Full Flight Simulators Flight Training Devices Flight Training Services Need for Flight Simulation Evaluation of a Flight Simulator Evaluation Method Evaluating the Results History of Flight Simulation Advancements in Recent Past Focus on Select Flight Simulator/Device Models CAE Simfinity M/FTD for Airbus MP520 MP521 DARPA's SIMNET TacAir-Soar G-FET II Tactical Flight Simulator Regulatory Environment EU Lifts Tariff on Aircraft Simulator Imports An Overview of the 2001 Aviation and Transportation Security Act 4. PRODUCT INNOVATIONS/INTRODUCTIONS Presagis Introduces CRAFT Series Customizable Simulation Platforms ALSIM to Introduce AL250 Flight Simulator in the US Vencore to Introduce Upgraded Simulation Software Frasca Unveils New Simulator Technology Rockwell Collins and Zen Technologies Introduce Military Flight Simulator in India 5. RECENT INDUSTRY ACTIVITY ALSIM and Orient Flights Sign MoU for Simulator Centers CAE Bags Contract from Airbus CAE Signs Multiple Training Contract Solutions Worldwide CAE Upgrades CAE GESI Constructive Simulation System in Austria CAE and ADA Expand Training Agreement Rockwell Collins Signs Collaboration Agreement with Bluedrop Training and Simulation Frasca Bags Contract for TBM 930 Simulator from SIMCOM Aviation Training Pacific Simulators and ELITE Simulation Sign Distribution Agreement CAE Wins Multiple Simulator Sale and Training Contracts L-3 Communications Takes Over Aerosim L-3 Communications Bags Contract for A320 Full Flight Simulator from ANA Frasca Bags Contract for EC135 Simulator from TKK, Tokyo Frasca Bags Order for R44/S300 Simulators from China Flying Dragon General Aviation Cubic Bags Contract for Expansion of Simulation Capabilities from US Army Cubic Bags Contract for New Weapons Simulation Capabilities Addition from US Army CAE Signs Agreement to Acquire Lockheed Martin Commercial Flight Training Airbus Helicopters Partners with Helisim and Thales for H160 FFS CAE Bags Training Contracts with Five Airlines Rockwell Collins Bags Simulator Upgrade Contract from EgyptAir Rockwell Collins Selected by Saudi Arabian Airlines for New Visual Systems CAE and Líder Aviação Expand Training Program Joint Venture Frasca Bags Contract for FNPT II Flight Simulators from Turkish Airlines Frasca Signs Long Term Supply Agreement with Grob Aircraft AG 6. FOCUS ON SELECT PLAYERS 7. GLOBAL MARKET PERSPECTIVE Total Companies Profiled: 78 (including Divisions/Subsidiaries 93) The United States (39) Canada (7) Europe (35) - France (7) - Germany (8) - The United Kingdom (4) - Italy (2) - Spain (2) - Rest of Europe (12) Asia-Pacific (Excluding Japan) (10) Middle East (2) For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/3vddqj/commercial_and Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/commercial-and-military-flight-simulation-market-2015-2022---global-strategic-business-report-2017---research-and-markets-300464071.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 26 May, 2017, 08:10 ET Preview: Global Mobile Data Traffic Strategic Business Report 2017-2022: Migration to 4G Technology is Cornerstone for Present & Future Expansion - Research and Markets 26 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Preview: U.S. Commercial Paving Slabs Market to Reach $2.4 Billion by 2025 - Rising Demand For High Strength Flooring Solutions - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 26 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Global Gigabit Wi-Fi Access Points Strategic Business Report 2017... 26 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Video Encoders - Global Strategic Business Report 2017 - Rising... Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Publishing & Information Services Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Commercial and Military Flight Simulation Market 2015-2022 - Global Strategic Business Report 2017 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 26 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Saturday , May 27 2017 About Us Advertise With Us Terms of use Contact ARAB TIMES THE FIRST ENGLISH LANGUAGE DAILY IN FREE KUWAIT Home Kuwait Kuwait Crime International Business Sports Opinion Ahmed Al Jarallah Khalaf Ahmad Al Habtoor Ali Ahmed Al-Baghli Khaled Aljenfawi Yousef Awadh Al-Azmi Insight Ahmed Al Jarallah Ali Ahmed Al-Baghli Insight Khalaf Ahmad Al Habtoor Khaled Aljenfawi Yousef Awadh Al-Azmi Qatar it’s time for the ‘truth’ 2 days ago Thank you Trump 5 days ago Trump … welcome to the country of determination and hope 6 days ago Jaber Al-Mubarak as never seen before 1 week ago Trump does not trot vainly 1 week ago We are extremists’ grandparents 2 weeks ago Tolerance and coexistence vs bigotry and extremism 3 weeks ago You are the real culprits!! 27/04/2017 O’ Sheikh Salman … Where are you? – Previous airport administration failed 2 days ago Parties encouraged to initially litigate disputes through ADR – Kuwait arbitration centers increasing their ability to effectively manage and resolve disputes 3 days ago Al-Nafisi and Al-Rabe’e 3 days ago Who hangs the bell? 4 days ago Future of Egypt rests on people’s shoulders 1 week ago Iran’s declaration of war must not go unanswered 2 weeks ago Why you should not invest in Iran 27/03/2017 Tackling poverty burning issue 12/02/2017 ‘Govt should impose blanket ban on the entry of criminals’ – ‘Increase raids, arrest illegals’ 20/06/2016 ‘Righteousness, decency can be acquired by any person’ – ‘God created man as one’ 13/06/2016 ‘Inbred intolerance tough to overcome in Mideast’ 06/06/2016 ‘Petty criminals cannot tarnish residents image’ – ‘Deport law-breaking expats’ 30/05/2016 Cup of coffee… & “Taha Hussein” 4 days ago Your course has illuminated life 7 days ago Articles in the age of Twitter 2 weeks ago Was she having fun? 3 weeks ago Legal Clinic Entertainment Health E-Paper Iran builds 3rd underground factory to manufacture ‘ballistic missiles’ 1 day ago TEHRAN, May 25, (Agencies): Iran has built a third underground plant to manufacture ballistic missiles, the head of its Revolutionary Guards aerospace division General Amir-Ali Hadjizadeh said on Thursday. The announcement as US President Donald Trump makes a maiden foreign tour in which Saudi and Israeli concerns about Iran have loomed large is likely to stoke new tensions with Washington. “Step by step, we are developing our defensive capability and I announce today that in recent years we have built a third underground factory for the manufacture of missiles,” Iran’s Fars news agency quoted Hadjizadeh as saying. “We are going to develop our ballistic power. It’s normal that our enemies, that is to say the United States and Israel, are angry when we show off our underground missile bases because they want the Iranian people to be in a position of weakness,” he added. In October 2015, state television aired footage for the first time of a base that Hadjizadeh said was 500 metres (1,600 feet) underground and stocked with a range of different missiles. Armed forces spokesman General Masoud Jazayeri said earlier this month that Iran had a number of such underground silos which were an “important deterrent factor against the sworn enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran.” The United States says Iran’s missile programme is a breach of international law because the missiles could carry nuclear warheads in the future. Iran denies ever seeking nuclear weapons and says the missiles are designed to carry conventional warheads only and are a legitimate part of it defensive capabilities. The Trump administration imposed fresh sanctions on Iran following a missile test in late January. It added more last week at the same time as it renewed a waiver of sanctions related to Iran’s nuclear programme. In Saudi Arabia on Saturday, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson urged newly re-elected Iranian President Hassan Rouhani to end ballistic missile testing. On Monday, Rouhani retorted that Iran did not need US permission to conduct missile tests and that they would continue “if technically necessary”. Iran has developed various designs of ballistic missiles, some with a range of 2,000 kms (1,250 miles) — sufficient to reach both Israel and US bases in the region. The US Treasury is reviewing licenses for Boeing Co and Airbus to sell aircraft to Iran, department head Steven Mnuchin said on Wednesday, telling lawmakers he would increase sanctions pressure on Iran, Syria and North Korea. “We will use everything within our power to put additional sanctions on Iran, Syria and North Korea to protect American lives,” Mnuchin said in testimony to the House Ways and Means Committee. “I can assure you that’s a big focus of mine and I discuss it with the president.” Mnuchin did not elaborate on the review of the licenses, which were issued under a 2015 agreement between Tehran and world powers to lift sanctions in return for curbs on Iran’s nuclear activities. His statements followed President Donald Trump’s Middle East trip, in which he called on Iran to stop funding “terrorists and militias.” The review suggests that Trump’s support for Boeing’s defense and jetliner businesses could have political limits. Iran has accused Washington of supporting terrorism by backing rebels in Syria and says halting the airplane deals would breach the 2015 nuclear agreement. Mnuchin told the Ways and Means hearing that sanctions “really work” and were responsible for bringing Iran to the negotiating table ahead of the nuclear deal. For Boeing, losing the IranAir deal could affect 777 production, since 15 of the widebody jetliners are incluced in the first approved batch of Boeing aircraft due for delivery to IranAir by 2020. Deliveries start in May next year. Boeing said in December it would cut 777 output by 40 percent this year under plans that include IranAir’s still-tenative order. IranAir has agreed to buy 200 US and European passenger aircraft worth up to $37 billion at list prices, though such deals typically include big discounts. They include 80 jets from Boeing, 100 from Airbus and 20 turboprops from Franco-Italian ATR. All the aircraft need US licenses because of their reliance on US parts. “Boeing continues to follow the lead of the US government with regards to working with Iran’s airlines, and any and all contracts with Iran’s airlines are contingent upon US government approval,” a spokeswoman said by email. An Airbus spokesman had no immediate comment. Share iran 2017-05-26 Arab Times Previous Visit visa for family members Next Palestinians, Israel police clash at Jerusalem Old City gate Related Articles Amir congratulates Rouhani – ‘Iran has chosen path of engagement’ 6 days ago Rouhani looks to beat cleric Raisi – Foreign funds eye to gain foothold 1 week ago Khamenei urges massive turnout 1 week ago Re-engagement with world at stake in Tehran election – Hardliners unite behind Raisi 1 week ago Ex-Prez Khatami endorses Rouhani – Missing reformists real heroes at rally 2 weeks ago Sunni leader endorses Rouhani – Turnout key for election 2 weeks ago Check Also IRAN WARNS WILL HIT MILITANT HAVENS IN PAKISTAN Saudi, Tehran ‘war of words’ threaten mutual destruction TEHRAN, May 8, (Agencies): Iran’s defense minister … Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. E – Paper Most Read Posts Ban on renewal of family visas for parents, siblings 78 undocumented Pinoys fly home Some will work from 9:30 am to 2 pm, others from 10 am to 2:30 pm during Ramadan Kuwait says ‘no’ to Sudan-Syrians - 10 apply to change status Kuwaiti woman sentenced to ‘death’ for killing compatriot Qatar hack, fake news ‘spark’ rift 3 tons of expired food products seized; Citizen stabbed in the back in Fahaheel fight Expats ‘reduction’ should be in line with relevant economic study KIA posted loss of $1bn in fiscal year Amir congratulates citizens, expats on Ramadan Login Remember Me Register Lost your password? © Copyright 2017, Arab Times Kuwait - All Rights Reserved
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Science Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Science Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Job Board Social Good Summit Science Like Follow Follow DARPA reveals design of its space plane for faster, cheaper satellite launches 975 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Image: darpa By Adario Strange2017-05-26 02:17:44 UTC Launching satellites into orbit could get a lot cheaper thanks to an experimental space plane.  SEE ALSO: NASA's new space fabric looks like chain mail and can protect astronauts This week, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) revealed the design for the XS-1, which is set to be built by Boeing. The hypersonic aircraft would launch vertically, deploy a second stage to carry a satellite into orbit, and then land like a normal airplane.  Although the aircraft is still in the concept phase, DARPA believes the final result will be a vehicle that will provide "short-notice, low-cost access to space" for both military and commercial use. Initial tests of the XS-1 technology will attempt 10 flights over the course of 10 days with the ultimate goal being routine low-Earth orbit flights for around $5 million or less per launch. (Currently, it costs SpaceX about $62 million to launch its Falcon 9 rocket into orbit.) "We're delighted to see this truly futuristic capability coming closer to reality," DARPA's Brad Tousley said in a statement on the agency's website. "Demonstration of aircraft-like, on-demand, and routine access to space is important for meeting critical Defense Department needs and could help open the door to a range of next-generation commercial opportunities." And while this futuristic space plane and the opportunities it may afford sound exciting, actual flight tests aren't scheduled to happen until 2020. For now, you'll have to use the concept video (above) to imagine this very near future of space travel.  WATCH: Topics: Boeing, DARPA, military, Satellites, Science, Space About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
From the Editors of… Truck Trend Truckin Diesel Power Mini Truckin 8-Lug Work Truck RV LOG IN / SIGN UP Trucks Future Trucks Truck Reviews Cool Trucks Diesel Trucks Diesel Cars Truck of the Year News Tech & How-To Project Trucks Expert Advice Parts & Accessories Paint & Body Chassis & Suspension Engine Transmission & Drivetrain Wheels & Tires Interior & Electrical Towing Features RV & Travel Photos Videos Week In Review Shows & Events Detroit Auto Show Chicago Auto Show Truckin ThrowDown Diesel Power Challenge Truck & Off-Road Festival SEMA Auto Show LA Auto Show More Event Coverage Social Feed Subscribe Subscribe to the Free Newsletter Sign Up today for our FREE Newsletter and get the latest articles and news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribe Now PHOTO GALLERY (19) X View Full Image Facebook Twitter Google+ Email Home | Features | Arconic Davenport Works: Touring an Aluminum Production Plant SHARE Facebook Twitter Google+ Email 8-Lug Magazine features Arconic Davenport Works: Touring an Aluminum Production Plant Touring an Aluminum Production Plant Tim Esterdahl – May 25, 2017 Photographers: Tim Esterdahl View Photo Gallery | 19 Photos Along the Mississippi River in Davenport, Iowa, sits an enormous 6,500,000-square-foot structure filled with massive machinery. It is home to the Davenport Works plant owned by Arconic (formerly Alcoa), which produces part of the overall order of aluminum Ford requires for its vehicles, like the F-150. A recent tour allowed us to see how the aluminum sheeting is manufactured and look back on how the automotive world has changed since the aluminum Ford F-150 was unveiled. Alcoa Inc. split into two publically traded companies near the end of 2016—Alcoa Corp., the commodity side, and Arconic Inc., the manufactured-products side. We will refer to the new name, Arconic, over Alcoa. The Davenport Works Plant While the Mississippi River may be a stone’s throw away from the plant, inside the nondescript building—which is large enough to completely cover an 18-hole golf course—the smells and visuals of aluminum production dominate the senses. It is like walking into a different world. View Photo Gallery | 19 Photos Photo 2/19   |   Arconic Davenport Works Underneath the roof of the 400-acre facility sits a variety of aluminum production equipment, including an oven to melt down the aluminum ingots and add in a secret makeup of other metals. Several large hot and cold presses send large sheets of aluminum of varying lengths (including 10 to 20 feet long or longer and weighing hundreds to thousands of pounds) down conveyer belts to flatten them like pancakes. These presses, standing stories tall and driven by operators in computer-laden control booths, use the conveyer belts to send the aluminum in and out until the right thickness is obtained. Finally, another machine rolls up the flattened aluminum for transport. The rolled aluminum can sit for days until it is cool enough for transport. Held in place by large metal straps, the spools are then shipped by truck to the stamping plant in Michigan. Upon arrival, the metal strips are cut and the aluminum lays flat again by itself. The process of sheeting the aluminum is done in a matter of minutes and is an incredibly simple system in theory, yet getting the right thickness and chemical compound in each sheet is complex and challenging. View Photo Gallery | 19 Photos Photo 3/19   |   Arconic Davenport Works Monitor Aluminum Changes Ford and Arconic It is hard to truly understand the importance of the relationship between Ford and Arconic without going back in time to 2009. Back then, Ford was just starting the aluminum build plan of its new F-150. Mark Fields spearheaded the plan, knowing the future of trucks revolved around meeting fuel economy standards. While Fields may not have known much about aluminum at the time, then-CEO Alan Mulally sure did, thanks to his days at Boeing. Arconic and Alcoa have been leaders in aluminum production for aerospace, and the Davenport plant plays a big role in producing material for airplanes. The fact that Mulally knew about aluminum usage, combined with Field’s need to drop weight, couldn’t have been better news for Arconic. In 2009, times weren’t exactly rosy for the aluminum producer. Like Ford and other businesses, the recession had taken a toll on the company. In early 2009, Arconic announced it was cutting its global workforce by 13 percent and publicly said it made the move to “hold on to cash and cut costs,” according to a 2009 CNN.com story. It also planned to cut its aluminum output by 750,000 million tons per year, and it planned on reporting a loss in the fourth quarter of that year. The next few years weren’t much better for Arconic. In 2013, it reported a $2.3-billion loss, and the company was delisted from the Dow Jones Industrial Average in September for the first time in 44 years. Thankfully, a decades-long glut of aluminum was coming to an end, partially due to Ford’s new F-150 coming to market. While business was tough, Arconic kept investing in innovations, like a new bonding treatment for aluminum called Arconic 951. This treatment, applied to rolls of aluminum, creates a bond tougher than welded steel and is the secret behind how Ford was able to use the material for its trucks. Armed with this new technique, Arconic invited Mark Fields (now Ford’s CEO) to visit the Davenport plant in 2013 to showcase its ability to meet Ford’s large demand for the metal. This was after Ford showed the Atlas concept at the 2013 North American International Auto Show. Satisfied with its ability to meet demand and after the success of being able to build a concept, Ford moved forward with the F-150. In January 2014, Ford unveiled the aluminum ’15 Ford F-150 at the North American International Auto Show, sending shockwaves throughout the industry. View Photo Gallery | 19 Photos Photo 4/19   |   Arconic Davenport Works Fire Dept F150 Three Years Later From the onset, Ford’s aluminum F-150 faced criticism and concern over the massive use of aluminum. No manufacturer had tried to use the metal on such a massive scale before. There were concerns about reparability, durability, and consumer demand. Looking back at these issues now, none have panned out to be major problems. The fact is, repair and collision centers have adapted to the truck, and the way it was designed for easier repair (swapping out entire sections) has been without issue. While Chevrolet’s infamous dropping of bricks and the toolbox into the bed of the F-150 might have made for good theater, the reality is the trucks seem to be holding up without massive consumer concerns or recalls. Finally, consumers haven’t lost their desire for the F-150. Strong sales continue, and Ford has expanded its use of the metal to several of its products. Arconic was able to rebound from the recession, recently introducing a new Micromill process that turns aluminum from liquid to solid in seconds, cuts down the production process from 20 days to 20 minutes, and requires one-quarter the floor space and half the energy. Plus, the resulting metal is 40 percent more formable and 30 percent stronger. This will allow Arconic to meet Ford’s increasing need for the metal as well as improve the durability of the ’16 Ford F-150 and all future generations. Overall, the move to aluminum seems like an all-around win for both companies and consumers. This isn’t just our conclusion. One look at the sea of Ford F-150s in the employee parking lot outside of the Davenport Works plant—along with our own driving impressions—confirms our conclusion. Sources: money.cnn.com/2009/01/06/news/companies/alcoa/ qctimes.com/business/davenport-works-celebrates-new-arconic-name/ View Photo Gallery View Photo Gallery View Photo Gallery View Photo Gallery View Photo Gallery View Photo Gallery More Photos View Slideshow - OF By Tim Esterdahl 24 Articles 0 Comments 0 Comments Follow Truck Trend Network Facebook Twitter Google Instagram RSS POPULAR TRUCKS Ford F-150 Ram 1500 Chevy Silverado 1500 Toyota Tacoma Nissan Frontier Toyota 4Runner Nissan Titan Jeep Grand Cherokee MOST POPULAR Related Articles Diesel Power Diesel Power news Lawsuit Alleges Emissions Cheating on LML Duramax Diesel Engine GM Denies Allegations and Will “Vigorously” Defend Itself Edward A. Sanchez – May 25, 2017 Truck Trend Network Truck Trend Network news Dealer-Installed Brembo Brake Kits Available for 2014+ GM Trucks, SUVs Six-piston Tahoe RST system now available as accessory Edward A. Sanchez – May 24, 2017 Truck Trend Network Truck Trend Network news 2018 GMC Yukon Denali Gets 10-Speed Auto, Minor Cosmetic Updates GMC is updating the range-topping 2018 Yukon Denali with a new transmissi... Brett T. Evans – May 24, 2017 Truck Trend Network Truck Trend Network news Yokohama Tires Wants You To Get Trucked Up with Power Wagon Giveaway! AEV-Built Ram Power Wagon Grand Prize in Campaign for New Geolandar M/T G... Edward A. Sanchez – May 23, 2017 Join Our FREE Truck Trend Network Newsletter Sign Up today for our FREE Newsletter and get the latest articles and news delivered right to your in-box. JOIN TODAY Truck Trend Newsletter Sign Up Email: (Required) Zip Code: Internal Promotions Yes – I prefer to receive offers and promotions from Trucktrend Network Yes – I prefer to receive occasional updates with special offers from carefully selected third party partners of Trucktrend Network Terms and Conditions* I am over 13 years old and agree to the terms and conditions of the privacy policy. Sign Up Arconic Davenport Works: Touring an Aluminum Production Plant Perps Beware -- Ford Offering Stealth Light Bar for Police Utility Explorers Chevrolet Counters Ford’s Claim of Aluminum Superiority Spied! Ford F-150 Plug-In Hybrid Sections Trucks News Tech & How To Features Shows & Events   Forums Brands Truck Trend Truckin Diesel Power Mini Truckin 8-Lug Work Truck RV Company Contact Us Our Team Careers Sitemap Subscriber Services Personalized Covers Truck Trend Network Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ad Choices Media Kits Permissions/Reprints Follow Facebook Twitter Gplus Instagram Rss Subscribe To The Magazines © 2017 Truck Trend Network The Enthusiast Network. All rights reserved. Subscribe Today and Save up to 83%! Subscribe to: Truck Trend Magazine PRINT DIGITAL Subscribe to: Diesel Power Magazine PRINT DIGITAL Subscribe to: Truckin Magazine PRINT DIGITAL Print Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Gift Subscriptions Subscriber Services Back Issues Personalized Covers SUBSCRIBE TO A MAGAZINE CLOSE X BUYER'S GUIDE SEE THE ALL NEW NEWS, REVIEWS & SPECS RESEARCH VEHICLE TO TOP
Menu asia times EST 1995 Northeast Asia | China's market – sensible people acting insensibly Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Like Follow Follow Subscribe To The Daily Brief Search Main China India Regions Northeast Asia Southeast Asia South Asia Central Asia Middle East Opinion More Politics Business Culture About Us Search TheBrief Main Latest 27-05-2017 14:00 Taiwanese director Huang Hui-chen sheds light on her award-winning documentary, and how the project helped a mother and daughter mend a broken past. (Liu Hsiu Wen) 27-05-2017 11:35 Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte appealed to Islamist militants on Friday to stop fighting and start a dialogue in an effort to end their bloody occupation of a southern city that experts called a major blow to regional security. (Tom Allard) 27-05-2017 11:07 Angela Lee defended her One Championship atomweight world title against challenger Istela Nunes. (Pedro Chan) 27-05-2017 10:57 Two Chinese fighter jets carried out an "unsafe and unprofessional" intercept of a US Navy surveillance plane over the South China Sea on Wednesday, US officials said. (Reuters) 27-05-2017 10:44 The world is running out of sand (New Yorker) 27-05-2017 09:00 At the age of 60 and, with more than 30 years in the film industry behind him as China’s most commercially successful director, Feng Xiaogang is still keen to push boundaries. (Paige Lim) 27-05-2017 07:00 After 20 years of painstaking negotiations, Indian authorities are on the brink of granting the far northeastern state of Nagaland shared sovereignty. (Seema Sengupta) 26-05-2017 18:00 The big debate at the Cannes is about the survival of cinema in a digital age, and more pointedly, the role of a festival when audiences are increasingly programming their own film festival from the comfort of their living room. (Roger Garcia) 26-05-2017 17:37 Short Shorts Film Festival & Asia has grown into a big event on the Japan and regional film calendar. Size is one reason: The 19th edition, which unspools from June 1 to 25 at six venues in Tokyo and Yokohama, features nearly 250 films in a variety of genres. (Mark Schilling, Japan Times) 26-05-2017 17:22 Demons in Paradise, which premiered at Cannes, tells the story behind the country's 30 year-long civil war and aims to shatter a taboo about the violence suffered by Sri Lanka's Tamils. (Fiachra Gibbons) 26-05-2017 15:50 Asian MMA takes center stage in Singapore as the One Championship fighter Angela Lee aims to defend her title against Brazilian challenger Istela Nunes. (Pedro Chan) 26-05-2017 15:42 Before its siege of Marawi city, the Islamic State-affiliated Maute Group had long been overlooked by Philippine security forces as insignificant guns-for-hire. (Noel Tarazona) 26-05-2017 15:18 In a new development in Balochistan, two Chinese nationals were kidnapped from the Jinnah Town area of Quetta, the provincial capital, on Wednesday afternoon. The incident follows a fresh wave of violence in the restive region. (F.M. Shakil) 26-05-2017 13:27 Two Pakistani men, 30 and 31, who were accused of working as hitmen for triads in Hong Kong, were arrested after a 6am raid on a Pak Sha village house in Yuen Long on Wednesday morning, Wen Wei Po reported. (Asia Times staff) 26-05-2017 12:41 A new survey in Australia shows a majority of Sydney residents are opposed to foreign property ownership in response to a surge in Chinese purchases and skyrocketing housing prices. (Helen Clark) 26-05-2017 12:29 The political kaleidocope of Nepal has been constantly changing since the end of monarchy in 2008 and nothing has changed as Maoist Prime Minister Pushpa Kamal Dahal stepped down. (E Jaya Kumar) 26-05-2017 11:45 Opinion // As numbers grow, Catholics in China still face oppression (Emanuele Scimia) 26-05-2017 10:46 Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte says he will resort to any means necessary, including nationwide martial law, to counter the rising threat of Islamic State-linked militancy. (Richard Javad Heydarian) 26-05-2017 10:09 Can Fukuoka live up to the tech startup hype? (Oscar Boyd, Japan Times) 26-05-2017 10:03 Japan's Mizuho Financial Group will start a venture next month to create new businesses using "fintech," an executive said, joining a global race in financial technology that threatens to unsettle traditional players. (Reuters) 26-05-2017 09:37 After successful missile launches, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un often exchanges smiles and hugs with the same three men and shares a celebratory smoke with them – meet the trio behind the weapons program. (Ju-min Park and James Pearson) 26-05-2017 09:08 The Philippines mobilised attack helicopters and special forces to drive Islamic State-linked rebels out of a besieged southern city on Thursday, with six soldiers killed in street combat amid heavy resistance. (Reuters) 26-05-2017 08:32 Opinion // China’s market – sensible people acting insensibly (Grant Newsham) 26-05-2017 08:30 President Donald Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, a senior White House advisor, is under scrutiny by the Federal Bureau of Investigation in the Russia probe, the Washington Post and NBC News reported on Thursday. (Reuters) 26-05-2017 06:53 China teaches US coal miners how to be wind farmers (New York Times) 25-05-2017 23:47 Opinion // Myanmar’s missing investment law liftoff (Gary Kleiman) 25-05-2017 23:19 Opinion // Chinese graduate’s speech sparks uproar back home (Shiying Cheng) 25-05-2017 22:14 Opinion // Hypocritical Trump fans fires of sectarian conflict (Neville Sarony) 25-05-2017 18:08 Chinese technology giant Lenovo on Thursday said its net profit for the fiscal year was back in the black, helped by stabilization in its core personal computer market. (Agence France-Presse) 25-05-2017 17:45 As her reality TV star husband meets many of his Western allies for the first time as US president on Thursday, Melania Trump will be offered a different take on the surreal by her hosts in Brussels. (Reuters) the brief Northeast AsiaBusiness China’s market – sensible people acting insensibly By Grant Newsham May 26, 2017 8:32 AM (UTC+8) Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Share 0 Comment 0 Asia Times is not responsible for the opinions, facts or any media content presented by contributors. In case of abuse, click here to report. The recent US-China 100-day action plan – under which Beijing mostly agreed to do things it was already supposed to do but wasn’t, while the US kept its market wide open – once again shows the Chinese market’s hypnotic effect on foreigners. The allure of a China where one sells one of something to every person in the country can make otherwise sensible people act insensibly. The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox Doing business in the People’s Republic of China requires willingness to overlook dangers that in any other country would unnerve foreign investors and businessmen. For starters, take the absence of a reliable legal system – or even being able to count on enforcing a contract. Secure property rights are similarly elusive. Massive capital outflows and the quest for overseas bolt-holes by China’s most affluent citizens are a futures market of sorts, suggesting the locals know something about the business environment that foreign investors don’t. Technology and intellectual property are strong-armed via required “transfer” from foreign companies and the rest is at risk of being stolen; all part of a longstanding government strategy to build up Chinese companies and eventually displace foreign ones. And taking on a local partner is risky. From the early 1980’s when the China market opened until today, stories abound of local joint venture partners milking the business for know-how, and funding, and then going into business as competitors. Even doing due diligence in China is dangerous, with researchers being arrested, or worse. If North Carolina had a similar business environment nobody would invest there, not even the Chinese. Intimidation Foreign companies in China are subject to capricious government pressure and punishment. The recent detention of six Japanese surveying for hot springs on behalf of Chinese clients is a reminder that authorities will take hostages to teach foreign companies — or countries — a lesson, or to achieve some other objective. In 2009, the Australian mining giant, Rio Tinto, ran afoul of the government in the iron ore trade and its country manager (an Australian citizen) and several other employees were arrested. Rio Tinto eventually kow-towed and brought in Henry Kissinger to spring its employees – in exchange for a reported US$5 million consulting fee. Japanese and South Korean companies are prime targets. Riots targeting Japanese-owned (and even Japanese-looking) businesses in China “spontaneously” break out whenever Beijing feels it necessary to make an issue of the Senkaku islands. More recently, South Korea’s deployment of the THAAD anti-missile defense system on land sold by the Lotte Group resulted in most of Lotte’s outlets in China being shut down on trumped up excuses — and the company’s e-commerce sites subjected to cyber attacks. Size doesn’t matter Being big and successful elsewhere means little for a company entering the China market. I had first-hand experience with Motorola in the 1990s and watched one of America’s most respected companies fail in China. The company went all out in China, building factories, handing over technology, employing thousands of locals, and demonstrating its commitment to the market. All was good for a while, but Motorola was really just building up its competition. Today, China electronics company Lenovo owns a good chunk of what was once Motorola. Google and Nokia have also learned the hard way about the Chinese market. Even Apple has felt some government pressure and must know it will someday face rival with Chinese characteristics – and no little bit of Apple technology. Waking up? Despite grumbling in recent years by the American Chamber of Commerce in China, the allure still exists. The evidence is in Boeing’s plan to build a plant near Shanghai by 2018, despite the government’s avowed goal of developing a commercial aviation industry that rivals Boeing and Airbus. However, not to worry since it’s only a “finishing” facility to build older 737s – and it is the price of admission to the market. Boeing – or its shareholders – might recall the president of a once-prominent US aviation electronics firm who commented in the early 1990’s that he didn’t mind handing over technology to the Chinese in exchange for market access. His rationale was the US will always be ahead of China. Not unusual thinking then or now. Part of the difficulty of keeping one’s wits about the realities of the China market is that foreign companies do sometimes make money – sometimes lots of it. But more often than not success is anecdotal and temporary. Assessing commercial success in China requires a long-term look at performance (and as importantly, competitive position) over at least 10 years. Even better, 20 years. This is seldom done. Also, there’s a belief among the foreigners that with just a little more time and effort the riches will come. Casino smiles Indeed, China success stories resemble casino advertisements showing happy people at the craps table. Perhaps true enough as a snapshot. But a more accurate ad would show people walking out of the casino at the end of the night. There might be a few smiles, but far more glum faces. Today’s China is a far cry from 1980 when it perhaps needed some special treatment. The Trump administration (like its predecessors) is wasting its time unless its objective is full and immediate reciprocity. A coercive element is needed, such as punishing Chinese IP theft, unfair trade practices, and strong-arming of American and foreign companies. Until China is pressured to change, it won’t – even if it makes token gestures to temporarily quiet the Americans. It’s perhaps wishful thinking, but someday one hopes to hear a CEO – maybe one without an MBA – declare that until the market isn’t rigged against foreign companies, his company cannot afford to be in China. Grant Newsham is a Senior Research Fellow at the Japan Forum for Strategic Studies. Among other positions held, he served with the US Foreign Commercial Service in Tokyo. Share Tweet Linkedin Email Northeast Asia Business Trade China US Trade Rules Investment Grant Newsham Grant Newsham is a senior research fellow at the Japan Forum for Strategic Studies in Tokyo with over 20 years experience in Japan and Asia as a US Diplomat, business executive, and US Marine Officer. Comments More from this author The (real) reason China doesn’t like South Korea’s missile defenses 28-03-2017 16:30 Should Japan worry about President Trump? 13-11-2016 18:53 EVEN MORE asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin Explore Main China Southeast Asia Insights Northeast Asia World Politics Business Culture Trending Topics #South Asia #India #Japan #Middle East #Asia Unhedged #Hong Kong #Donald Trump About About Asia Times Contact Us Advertise with Us Write for Us Terms of Use Privacy The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox © 2017 Asia Times Holdings Limited, All Rights Reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Manchester Concert Explosion Democrats vs. Trump TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Autos Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 22 2017, 2:39 pm ET Did Ford Nix Its CEO Because He Was Too Much of a Visionary? by Paul A. Eisenstein Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement Former Ford CEO Mark Fields fashioned himself an agent of change, promising to transform a Rust Belt auto manufacturer into a high-tech "mobility company." But three years after taking the helm, Fields has been tripped up by changes beyond his own control. The 56-year-old New York native was summarily sent out to pasture, Ford announced Monday, replaced by former Steelcase CEO Jim Hackett. That, along with a series of other high-level management moves, appears to have been months in the making, reflecting the growing frustration among major investors — including the founding Ford family — over weak sales, declining earnings and a stock price down 40 percent since Fields stepped into the CEO role in July 2014. Play Facebook Twitter Embed Ford CEO Mark Fields is reportedly ousted 0:20 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/950144067718" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> "Mark had a tremendous career at Ford and had done great things," Chairman Bill Ford Jr., the grandson of company founder Henry Ford, said during a Monday morning news conference. "He put us in a great position. I'm very thankful to Mark. But this is a time of great change and fortunately we have a transformational leader," Ford said, referring to new CEO Hackett. Officially, Fields tendered his resignation last Friday, "after a discussion he and I had," Chairman Ford said during a subsequent interview on CNBC. But the speed with which a successor was named suggested to industry observers it was only a matter of time, and a question of whether Fields, a 28-year Ford veteran, would jump or be pushed. Field Marshaled in Change Things looked a lot more promising just three years ago, when Fields stepped in for the retiring Alan Mulally. Fields was the protégé of the former Boeing executive, who guided Ford through the Great Recession. It was, in fact, Fields who largely crafted the "Way Forward" plan that let the second-largest U.S. automaker avoid the bankruptcies that nearly destroyed Detroit rivals General Motors and Chrysler. But, after a promising start, a number of factors came into play leading to the management shake-up. "There's no question that all of us were acutely aware that the stock had been languishing," the Ford chairman acknowledged. But there has been growing concern that while Fields had a clear vision of where the auto industry is heading five, even 10 years from now, his grasp of current challenges may have been a bit more murky. In recent years, Fields had been a frequent speaker at the Consumer Electronics Show, underscoring the way the automobile is becoming as much a digital device as a mechanical one. Under his leadership, Ford has rapidly expanded its spending on technology, early this year ordering a major expansion of its new Silicon Valley research center. Technology Up Front Barely a month ago Ford announced a three-way venture with Amazon and Starbucks that will allow motorists with the latest Ford Sync 3 infotainment system to call up the Alexa voice assistant and use it to have a cup of java waiting when they pull into the nearby coffee shop. Ford was hailed by a recent Navigant Research study that declared it the industry leader in development of autonomous vehicles, ahead of Waymo, the self-driving spin-off from Google. Ford plans to have its first fully driverless vehicle in production by 2021. The carmaker has launched car-sharing and ride-sharing projects and is exploring a variety of other new mobility concepts. If one bought into Fields's vision, that is essential, as there will likely be far fewer consumers buying cars in 2025 than there are today, many owners expected to switch to sharing services like Uber and Lyft. Related: Why 95 Percent of Your Driving Won't Be in Your Own Car by 2030 Fields also was betting that those car-share services would opt for electric, rather than gas-powered models. In many ways, his vision echoed that of Elon Musk, and Wall Street has embraced Tesla — last month driving its stock up to the point it had a higher market capitalization than either Ford or General Motors. But the message failed to resonate with Ford investors — especially after the carmaker saw first-quarter sales dip 40 percent to $1.6 billion, with the full-year numbers also expected to decline. "It will be many years before a lot of the stuff Fields has been working on will achieve a payoff," said Joe Phillippi, a long-time Wall Street analyst and now head of AutoTrends Consulting. Having a long-term vision isn't a bad thing, Phillippi stressed, but critics contend Fields lost sight of Ford's short-term challenges. Its passenger car fleet, models like the Fusion and Focus, have been allowed to age without necessary replacements. It has been slow to recognize and respond to some key market shifts, as well — notably the revival of the midsize pickup truck segment. General Motors got there in 2014 with models like the Chevrolet Silverado. Ford's reborn Ranger truck is still a year away. Play Facebook Twitter Embed Ford Announces Plan to Create 700 New US Jobs 0:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/846480963812" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Déjà Vu All Over Again Several observers said Fields's ouster triggered a sense of déjà vu. On October 30, 2001, Ford gave walking papers to Jacques Nasser, another visionary leader who set out to create a very different Ford. Nasser was an early proponent of in-car technologies. He also spent heavily on non-traditional operations, like auto parts and repairs and recycling. But critics felt he ignored the core of Ford's business and, after Nasser's ouster, Bill Ford — then handling dual roles as chairman and CEO — adopted a strategy dubbed "One Ford." That led the Detroit maker to return focus to its core brand, selling off a host of foreign luxury marques, including Volvo, Land Rover and Jaguar, that Nasser had acquired at a premium. While the "Blue Oval" Ford brand quickly rebounded, Mulally eventually killed off domestic Mercury, too. And even now, Lincoln, the homegrown luxury division, continues to struggle. How much CEO Hackett will reverse the course set by Fields is uncertain. He was, in fact, heading Ford's Smart Mobility unit for the last year, so Hackett seems unlikely to completely walk away from many of the projects Fields set in motion. But Chairman Ford made it clear the new chief executive also will have to not only "drive innovation" for the long haul, but improve the carmaker's cost efficiencies and "deliver results around the world." Boosting that stock price is certain to be one of the metrics by which the 62-year-old Hackett will be judged. Paul A. Eisenstein Twitter Topic Autos First Published May 22 2017, 2:39 pm ET Next Story GM Accused of Cheating on Diesel Emissions advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
From The Atlantic CityLab Menu Commute Work Housing Weather Crime Politics Design Tech Navigator CityFixer Maps Photos Videos Search Ads are being blocked For us to continue writing great stories, we need to display ads. Un-block Learn more Back Whitelist Please select the extension that is blocking ads. Ad Block Plus Ghostery uBlock Other Blockers Back Please follow the steps below R.I.P.: Donald Trump's 'Big, Beautiful Wall' With its 2018 budget request, the White House begins the process of admitting that the president’s signature promise was a fantasy. Kriston Capps @kristoncapps May 26, 2017 Comments Share on Facebook Tweet Oft-embattled White House press secretary Sean Spicer, talking wall. (Jonathan Ernst/Reuters) President Donald Trump’s 2018 budget proposal included cuts for everything: housing, food stamps, infrastructure, the environment. No program or line item was too slight to escape the guillotine. Even the federal budget for bicycle trails, once discovered, got hacked to bits. Trump’s own promises and priorities were not spared, either. The most glaring cut of all came in the request for the president’s “big, beautiful wall” along the southern border of the U.S. with Mexico. In the 2018 budget, the White House asks Congress for $1.6 billion to build part of the wall. That’s down a billion dollars from the preliminary request in March, a hasty retreat. Maybe it shouldn’t register as a shock, since this budget is Mick Mulvaney’s baby. But Trump’s border wall, no matter how ridiculous it sounded to half the country, appealed to a lot of the rest. If there was one thing and one thing alone he promised to his voters, again and again, it was to build a wall and make Mexico pay for it. Make no mistake, though: The 2018 budget is as clear as any signal will get that the push for the border wall is over. The writing was on the wall, if you will, the moment that Trump was sworn in as president. This latest White House budget exposes the border wall as a fantasy, a xenophobe’s architectural folly. Related Stories President Trump's Border Wall Won't Be a Wall President Trump's Border Wall Won't Be a Wall Trump's Wall Is Moving Forward Now, But It's Still Impossible Trump's Wall Is Moving Forward Now, But It's Still Impossible Instead of Trump's Wall, Why Not a Binational Border City? Instead of Trump's Wall, Why Not a Binational Border City? The odds were impossibly long from the start. It’s worth revisiting just how ridiculous the idea as Trump conceived it truly was. In a February 2016 town hall—which feels like it was at least 50 years ago—Trump told Morning Joe co-hosts Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski that his wall would cost “maybe $10 or $12 million.” He assured viewers that there were five different ways to make Mexico pay for it. How, exactly? “Believe me is not an answer,” Brzezinski implored him. “Let me tell you—believe me,” he told her. That’s as clear an answer as anyone ever got. Then we elected Trump to be President of the United States and suddenly those chants of “Build that wall!” rang with an air of possibility. His delusions, however sincerely held, now had the backing of executive authority. If he actually wanted to build a wall, as president, couldn’t he? No, of course not. Polls showed persistent opposition to the president’s proposal, opposition that has only grown over time. Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Missouri), ranking member of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, estimated that the wall would cost about 6,000 times what the president promised—$67 billion, more than the budget for the entire U.S. Department of Homeland Security. (“That amounts to over $200 for every American,” she wrote in one letter to U.S. Customs and Border Protection.) This week, nobody stood up for the wall—not Trump, not Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, and believe it or not, also not Mexican President Enrique Nieto. A design contest nevertheless proceeded, with some necessary ambiguity built in as to whether the wall would be an actual wall, something more like a fence, or some assemblage of new technologies and personnel that could be draped with a “Mission Accomplished” banner. Because a wall was always, always impossible. Of the hundreds of firms that bid to design and build a wall wall for Trump, few and maybe none had the qualifications to do it. It wasn’t that the technical know-how was impossible to acquire—any contractor can build a wall—but the capacity to manage the logistics, staging, human resources, and environmental mitigation, to say nothing of enduring the inevitable lawsuits involved with physically walling off nearly 2,000 miles of rugged and remote geography. The likeliest companies to compete, the big boys—Bechtel, Boeing, AECOM, CH2M, and others—shied away from the project. And that was before cities New York City and the entire state of California threatened to divest from any companies that worked on the wall. The Partnership for Working Families is leaning on Berkshire Hathaway to publicly commit not to put up the bonding that is required for federal projects. Even Texas opposes the wall. This week, cabinet officials in charge of the many programs shredded by the White House budget were forced to frame the damage that these cuts would augur. U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson did so by observing that “poverty is a state of mind,” embracing the position that neither budget cuts nor budgets broadly construed have much of an effect on people. U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue, meanwhile, said that there is nothing wrong with America’s food assistance program, crossing swords with the administration. But nobody stood up for the wall—not Trump, not Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, and believe it or not, also not Mexican President Enrique Nieto. Because the wall is preposterous. Maybe, finally, by dialing back its budget request, the White House is conceding this reality. Or at least someone involved is acknowledging the fact that Democrats won’t support much in this budget, and the White House needs to give a little if it’s going to get its way. It’s hard to say which idea is sillier: Building a wall and making Mexico pay for it, or believing that there’s a chance this budget passes. Share on Facebook Tweet Presented by Previous Is Housing Catching Up? Next More Cities Are Doubling Down on Free Sunscreen About the Author Kriston Capps is a staff writer at CityLab. More Kriston Capps is a staff writer at CityLab, where he writes about housing, art and design. Previously, he was a senior editor at Architect magazine. All Posts @kristoncapps Feed Most Popular How an Icon of Venezuelan Architecture Became a Prison 'Guerrilla Bike Lanes' Prove a Reluctant City Wrong This Map Shows That All Roads Basically Do Lead to Rome Built-Out Barcelona Makes Space for an Urban Forest Behold the Power of the Seriously Loud Bike Horn The Case for the Disconnected Commute Trump’s Budget Takes Aim at Sanctuary Cities Will India Ever Need Another Coal Plant? Is the Urban Renaissance Over? The 100-Year-Old Penalty for Being Black See All Stories Newsletters CityLab, Straight to Your Inbox: Sign Up Here Go SERIES What's Next in Workforce Development Go Store T-Shirts, Mugs, and More Go Newsletters Stories, Art, and Adventures for Urban Explorers Go Back To Top CityLab Share Tweet Menu Through original reporting, sharp analysis, and visual storytelling, CityLab informs and inspires the people who are creating the cities of the future—and those who want to live there. Follow Newsletter sign up Today’s Top Stories This Week’s Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. More About CityLab Special Reports FAQ Masthead Contact Us Store Atlantic Media Jobs Advertise Advertising Guidelines Privacy Terms & Conditions Elsewhere at Atlantic Media The Atlantic Zbigniew Brzezinski Report: Jared Kushner Asked Kislyak for Use of Russian Communications Facilities The Atlantic’s Week in Culture Quartz Mosul airstrikes, streetwear bots, and eight other stories you might have missed Trump’s luxury hotel in New York, once hot, now is not America now has a street corner to commemorate the shame of its juvenile-justice system Copyright 2017 The Atlantic Monthly Group. () Skip Ad >   Advertisement
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 72° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine. A stray severe thunderstorm is possible. High 87F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Thunderstorms in the evening will give way to cloudy skies overnight. A few storms may be severe. Low 66F. Winds S at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall near an inch. Updated: May 27, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Law and order Close 1 of 6 Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson A bullet hole can be seen in a street light in the alley of 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis where a double shooting happened on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com The Associated Press This undated photo provided by the St. Louis County Police Department shows Casey Lowery, of St. Louis, who is a suspect in two fatal shootings in the St. Louis area on Thursday, May 25, 2017. Police in Selmer, Tenn., arrested Lowery Thursday night after he was allegedly found walking naked along a street. Lowery has been charged with first-degree murder in St. Louis County. (St. Louis County Police Department via AP) Andre Jones, 28, was fatally shot Thursday, May 25, 2017, at a gas station in the 3600 block of Dunn Road. Photo provided by family. featured Suspect in fatal shootings arrested walking naked along Tennessee road By Denise Hollinshed and Amanda St. Amand St. Louis Post-Dispatch Denise Hollinshed 2 hrs ago (…) Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson A bullet hole can be seen in a street light in the alley of 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis where a double shooting happened on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com A man wanted in two deadly shootings in St. Louis was arrested 300 miles away while walking naked down a Tennessee road late Thursday, authorities said. “It ended up taking five officers to get him in the car and he refused to give his name, just kept saying he was the son of God,” a McNairy County, Tenn., sheriff’s department employee said Friday of the arrest of Casey Lowery, 36. +5  This undated photo provided by the St. Louis County Police Department shows Casey Lowery, of St. Louis, who is a suspect in two fatal shootings in the St. Louis area on Thursday, May 25, 2017. Police in Selmer, Tenn., arrested Lowery Thursday night after he was allegedly found walking naked along a street. Lowery has been charged with first-degree murder in St. Louis County. (St. Louis County Police Department via AP) The Associated Press Prosecutors in St. Louis and St. Louis County have charged Lowery with murder in separate fatal shootings that took place within 10 minutes of each other on Thursday morning. In the first incident, prosecutors allege that Lowery was responsible for a double shooting in the Baden neighborhood that left a woman dead and her boyfriend gravely wounded. Minutes later, authorities say, Lowery opened fire and killed a man at a gas station in north St. Louis County. Lowery lives in the 1100 block of Howell Street in St. Louis. That is one block from where his alleged rampage started Thursday. Police statements and interviews with relatives of one of Lowery’s alleged victims offered no explanation for what might have set him off. But court documents do give chilling details about the crimes and the alleged killer’s bizarre behavior. The gunfire started about 8:20 a.m. in an alley in the 1100 block of Canaan Avenue, the documents say. A utility worker, an electrician, was sent there to replace a burned-out street light in the alley. As the worker talked to the homeowner who had reported the burned-out light, Lowery approached and began talking to them. “At one point, the defendant, a stranger, hugged the utility worker,” the documents say. Lowery later shook hands with the homeowner and then pulled a gun and shot out the light, the documents said. He then turned and opened fire on the homeowner. The utility worker, unsure if the homeowner had been struck, drove a couple blocks away and called him, but got no answer, the documents say. Before the worker could call police, the passenger door of his truck opened and Lowery was standing there. He demanded the worker’s phone and then left. The homeowner’s adult son arrived at his home shortly after the shots were fired and the homeowner’s girlfriend answered the door. After neighbors told him about the gunfire, the son tried to call his father but got no answer. “A few minutes later he was standing in front of his father’s house when he heard more gunshots, coming from the area of the vacant lot,” the documents say. The son saw a man later identified as Lowery run to a blue pickup and drive away. Police later found the homeowner, 52, shot in the head in the alley and his girlfriend, Kevia Jones, 29, dead in a nearby vacant lot. The cellphone of the utility worker was found next to her body. The court documents say that, about 10 minutes after the shootings on Canaan, Lowery opened fire at a Conoco gas station parking lot near Dunn Road and Interstate 270 in north St. Louis County. St. Louis County police say that shooting killed Andre Jones, 28, of the 1600 block of Hudson Road in Dellwood. +5  Andre Jones, 28, was fatally shot Thursday, May 25, 2017, at a gas station in the 3600 block of Dunn Road. Photo provided by family. There is no indication that the victims are related. Asked about that Friday night, a St. Louis County Police spokesman said: “It’s all still under investigation.” A witness to the gas station shooting took photos that showed Lowery and the same pickup seen at the earlier shootings, the court documents say. The arrest A truck matching the description was seen about the same time blowing through several security check points at Boeing Co.’s sprawling plant in Berkeley shortly after 9 a.m., police said. At 11:30 a.m., Lowery was spotted at an ice cream shop in New Haven, a town in Franklin County about 60 miles west of St. Louis. He was armed at the time. About 6:30 p.m. Thursday, St. Louis County Police said in a news release that Lowery had been charged in the fatal shooting of Andre Jones, that he had been spotted in New Haven and that he should be considered armed and dangerous. Three hours later, Lowery was arrested near the town of Selmer, Tenn., where he was walking naked. Lowery eventually told Tennessee deputies his name and they learned he was wanted in Missouri. Lowery was charged with resisting arrest and indecent exposure in Tennessee. Back home, he is facing murder charges in the deaths of Andre Jones and Kevia Jones as well as assault and armed criminal action charges. Those charges add to a long criminal history that includes two pending 2016 counts of domestic assault — one felony, one misdemeanor — in St. Louis Circuit Court. He posted 10 percent of a $15,000 bail in February and was released with an order to be fitted with a GPS tracker, court records say. Four days after his Feb. 10 release, St. Louis Circuit Judge Michael Stelzer issued an arrest warrant for Lowery’s failure to appear in court and raised Lowery’s bail to $25,000 cash because Lowery failed to get the GPS tracker, court records say. In March, after Lowery’s attorney filed a “notice of bond compliance,” Stelzer quashed the arrest warrant and ordered Lowery to submit proof of GPS monitoring. It is not clear if he did so. Lowery’s trial in the domestic assault case is set for July 3. Lowery also pleaded guilty to misdemeanor marijuana possession in the city in 2001, 2004 and 2007. He got a year’s probation for the most recent case; 30 days in jail in the 2001 case and 60 days in jail for the 2004 case. He also has pending 2015 cases in Scott County, Mo., for drug distribution, unlawful use of drug paraphernalia and speeding. He posted bail in 2015 and was released. Relatives of Andre Jones said they were mystified about why the father of three young daughters was killed. They said he was on his way to Vatterott College’s St. Charles campus, where he was enrolled in an automotive program, when he stopped at the Conoco gas station. His mother-in-law, Fay Alexander of Maryland Heights, said that the family was heartbroken by his loss and that she wished she could question Lowery. “I wish that I can ask that man why,” she said. “What made you do that to my son-in-law? He had a family. Why did you take him from us?” 2017 St. Louis area homicide map The men Missouri has executed since 2000 More government data Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Timeline 8:30 a.m. Thursday: Police find Keiva Jones, 29, dead and her boyfriend, 52, gravely wounded in the 1100 block of Canaan Avenue. 8:40 a.m. Thursday: Andre Jones, 28, of the 1600 block of Hudson Road in Dellwood, is fatally shot at a Conoco gas station parking lot in the 3600 block of Dunn Road. Lowery is charged with first-degree murder. 11:30 a.m. Thursday: Casey Lowery is spotted, armed, at an ice cream shop in New Haven, Mo. 6:30 p.m. Thursday: St. Louis County Police announce that Lowery has been charged with first-degree murder in the death of Andre Jones and they are searching for him. 9 p.m. Thursday: Lowery is arrested in McNairy County, Tenn., after he was found along a highway near the town of Selmer. Friday: St. Louis prosecutors charge Lowery in the death of Keiva Jones and the shooting of her boyfriend. Tags Casey Lowery Andre Jones St. Louis County Police Kevia Jones Vatterott College Lakisha Jones Fay Alexander Nick Alexander Denise Hollinshed Criminal Law Law Crime Denise Hollinshed Denise Hollinshed is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Follow Denise Hollinshed Close Get email notifications on Denise Hollinshed daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Denise Hollinshed posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Denise Hollinshed Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Breaking News e-newsletter Breaking News from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Get breaking news delivered to your inbox as it develops. This field is required. Sign Up leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Most popular No degree. No skills. So how did she get a nursing job at a St. Louis hospital? Bloody 15 hours in St. Louis city, county leave 4 dead, 8 injured in separate shootings Trump's $4.1 trillion budget slashes Medicaid, food stamps Man performed 'wrestling moves' on 2-year-old before she died, Jefferson County deputies say Raids on St. Louis-area markets tied to illegal cigarette and K2 sales, sources say Follow us Latest in section Police say man is dead after exchange of gunfire with officers in south St. Louis Suspect in fatal shootings arrested walking naked along Tennessee road Belleville woman is charged with DUI in crash that killed husband, injured children Two shooting victims found in north St. Louis Murder charge filed in St. Louis against suspect in fatal shootings in city, county Quick links Current Affairs Government pay Lottery Obituaries Press releases Traffic map Take the dive of a lifetime and win prizes! Get your Father something cool! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Stay Connected: Editions National Global News PunditFact States Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Truth-O-MeterTM All By subject True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! No Flip Half Flip Full Flop People Donald Trump Mike Pence Barack Obama Chain E-mails Other people and groups Promises Trump-O-Meter All Top 25 Promises By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Obameter All Top 25 Promises By subject Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Pants On Fire About Us Our Process Our Staff Who Pays for Politifact Suggest a Fact Check Advertise JOIN Deals struck on his first foreign trip as president made and saved "millions of jobs." — Donald Trump on Friday, May 26th, 2017 in a tweet Did Donald Trump's trip create or save 'millions' of jobs? By Louis Jacobson on Friday, May 26th, 2017 at 4:17 p.m. How valuable were the business deals struck by Donald Trump when he was in Saudi Arabia? Unclear. U.S. President Donald Trump talks with Saudi King Salman after a welcome ceremony at the Royal Terminal of King Khalid International Airport, May 20, 2017, in Riyadh. (AP) In a tweet from his first foreign trip as president, President Donald Trump touted his accomplishments on one of the cornerstones of his presidential campaign -- jobs. Trump traveled to Saudi Arabia, Israel, Brussels and Rome on a mix of business and diplomatic tasks from May 20 to May 27. "Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs," Trump tweeted. Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 26, 2017 Millions of jobs? That would be a massive shot in the arm for the economy. For a sense of scale, Wal-Mart, the nation’s largest private employer, has 2.3 million employees; the second-largest, Yum Brands, which includes Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and KFC, has about 500,000. The problem is, the White House has been cagey about exactly where this projection comes from. For starters, Trump’s use of the word "millions" represents a thousand-fold expansion from what Trump had said just days earlier, when he told the audience in a speech in Saudi Arabia: "Yesterday, we signed historic agreements with the Kingdom that will invest almost $400 billion in our two countries and create many thousands of jobs in America and Saudi Arabia." Meanwhile, over two days of inquiries to the White House, officials were unable to provide us with full details of the $110 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia, which itself is just a portion of the $400 billion investment package Trump cited in his speech. When the Washington Post Fact Checker asked the White House for details about Trump’s tweet, a White House official responded that Trump was referring to "benefits to trade from the entire trip from Saudi Arabia to the G7" -- that is, including Trump’s meetings with the heads of other advanced industrialized nations in Europe toward the end of the trip. (It’s not clear what trade deals were discussed in the European portion of the trip.) In any case, assuming "millions" of jobs from unspecified investments is not justified, economists say. "There’s not enough information to substantiate his claims on millions of jobs," said Chris Lafakis, senior economist at Moody’s. In the meantime, here’s what we know and don’t know. The arms deal The Defense Security Cooperation Agency issued a news release on May 20 saying that the United States and Saudi Arabia agreed to a $110 billion package on five main areas: border security and counterterrorism, maritime and coastal security, air force modernization, air and missile defense, and cybersecurity and communications upgrades. The release detailed six specific areas, with links to documents that offered a dollar amount. They were: • Munitions and support: $6.8 billion; • Multi-Mission Surface Combatant ships: $11.25 billion; • Ammunition for the Royal Saudi Land Forces: $500 million; • Saudi Abrams Main Battle Tanks and HERCULES Armored Recovery Vehicles: $1.15 billion; • Chinook cargo helicopters: $3.51 billion; • Persistent Threat Detection System Aerostats: $525 million. That totals $23.74 billion, leaving $86 billion from the package unspecified. Using other available data, John Pike, the director of globalsecurity.org, told PolitiFact that he can estimate perhaps $50 billion in arms sales, "most of which was initiated under Obama," he said. Bloomberg calculations Reporters at Bloomberg have written several articles about the deals signed in the Saudi portion of the trip, focusing on agreements outside the $110 billion arms deal. They include: • Agreements signed by Saudi oil company Aramco: $50 billion; • Commitments by Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund to an infrastructure investment fund with the Blackstone Group. (Blackstone, Bloomberg reported separately, has close ties to the family of Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner.) $20 billion; • General Electric memorandum of understanding with Saudi Arabia: $15 billion; • Honeywell International memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco: $3.6 billion; • McDermott International memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco: $2.8 billion; • Jacobs Engineering Group memorandum of understanding: $250 million; • Rowan Companies memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for offshore drilling rigs: $7 billion; • Rowan memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for its supply chain: $1.2 billion; • Nabors Industries memorandum of understanding on well and rig services on an existing joint venture worth $9 billion; • Nabors memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for its supply chain: $1.6 billion; • Weatherford International memorandum of understanding: potential value of $2 billion. That works out to about $112 billion, coming on top of the $110 billion in arms sales. Bloomberg cited a few more items without specific dollar amounts, including a jet purchase from Boeing by SaudiGulf Airlines, and a joint venture between National Oilwell Varco and Saudi Aramco for the manufacture of drilling rigs and equipment. That leaves more than half of Trump’s $400 billion figure -- just for the Saudi leg of the trip -- undisclosed, to say nothing of what deals may have been struck in the European portion of the trip. And for now, the Washington Post reported that several key CEOs of companies that signed deals have been a lot more restrained than Trump about promising specific numbers of jobs. "There is absolutely zero chance that the trip created millions of jobs," said Dean Baker, a liberal economist. Even if jobs were created -- possibly in the thousands, not the millions -- "this may or may not lead to any net job creation, since the Fed could easily offset it with higher interest rates." Our ruling Trump said that deals struck on his first foreign trip as president created and saved "millions of jobs." We can’t know for sure how many jobs will be created or saved -- nor, despite the certainty of his language, does Trump -- but the evidence at this point is so thin and so premature as to be little more than puffery or wishful thinking. We rate the statement False. Share the Facts 2017-05-26 21:10:38 UTC PolitiFact 5 1 7 PolitiFact Rating: False Says deals struck on his first foreign trip as president made and saved "millions of jobs." Donald Trump President a tweet Friday, May 26, 2017 2017-05-26 Read More info Advertisement About this statement: Published: Friday, May 26th, 2017 at 4:17 p.m. Researched by: Louis Jacobson Edited by: Aaron Sharockman Subjects: Economy, Foreign Policy, Jobs Sources: Donald Trump, tweet, May 26, 2017 Donald Trump, "President Trump’s Speech to the Arab Islamic American Summit," May 21, 2017 Defense Security Cooperation Agency, "Fact Sheet: Intended Sales to Saudi Arabia via Foreign Military Sales," May 20, 2017 Bloomberg, "Guide to $400 Billion in Saudi-U.S. Deals: Black Hawks to Oil," May 22, 2017 Bloomberg, "Kushners' Blackstone Connection Put on Display in Saudi Arabia," May 25, 2017 Bloomberg, "Blackstone Unveils $100 Billion Ambition for Infrastructure," May 20, 2017 Washington Post Fact Checker, "President Trump’s claim that he’s already saved ‘millions of jobs’ on his foreign trip," May 26, 2017 Washington Post, "Trump says his Saudi deal will create jobs. The companies involved aren’t so sure," May 24, 2017 Washington Examiner, "Trump's weapons deal with Saudi Arabia includes $24 billion in goods approved by Obama," May 22, 2017 Al.com, "30 largest employers in the U.S.," Feb. 7, 2017 Email interview with Lawrence White, professor at New York University’s Stern School of Business, May 26, 2017 Email interview with Chris Lafakis, senior economist at Moody’s, May 26, 2017 Email interview with Dean Baker, co-director of the Center for Economic Policy and Research, May 25, 2017 Email interview with John Pike, director of globalsecurity.org, May 22, 2017 How to contact us Email comments and suggestions for fact-checks to truthometer@politifact.com or find us on Facebook,and Twitter. (If you send us a comment, we'll assume you don't mind us publishing it unless you tell us otherwise.) Videos Browse The Truth-O-MeterTM Donald Trump fact-checks Pants-On-Fire rulings By our rulings By subject By person View recent articles Support independent fact-checking In a world of wild talk and fake news, help us stand up for the facts. Advertisement Subscribe Keep up to date with PolitiFact Put a free PolitiFact widget on your blog or Web page Subscribe to our RSS feeds on Truth-O-Meter items Subscribe to our RSS feed of fact-checks of Donald Trump Follow us on Twitter Fan us on Facebook Advertise on PolitiFact Back to top Offices District of Columbia 1100 Connecticut Ave. NW Suite 440 Washington, DC 20036 202-463-0571 Florida 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 State Editions Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Iowa Illinois Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Rhode Island Pennsylvania Texas Virginia Wisconsin Special Editions National Global News Project PunditFact Policy Privacy Terms & Conditions Copyright Advertise With Us Media Kit Market info Rates & Specs About Us As Seen On Staff Process Funding State Editions Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Iowa Illinois Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Special Editions National Global News Project PunditFact Policy Privacy Terms & Conditions Copyright Advertise With Us Media Kit Market info Rates & Specs About Us As Seen On Staff Process Funding Stay Connected Fact-Check Suggestions © 2017 • All Rights Reserved • Tampa Bay Times Editions National Global News PunditFact States Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Truth-O-MeterTM All By subject True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! No Flip Half Flip Full Flop People Donald Trump Mike Pence Barack Obama Chain E-mails Other people and groups Promises Trump-O-Meter All Top 25 Promises By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Obameter All Top 25 Promises By subject Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Pants On Fire About Us Our Process Our Staff Who Pays for Politifact Suggest a Fact Check Advertise JOIN
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Other Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Sports Buzz Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian East Bay Times Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Other Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Sports Buzz Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Opinion: Real motive behind single-payer push… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Kushner and Kremlin Curry’s inner circle Gang founder’s life sentence Richmond fatal shooting Delays at SFO Steph Curry at BottleRock Opinion Commentary Opinion: Real motive behind single-payer push is not about health Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) The California Nurses Association and other supporters of Kimberly Ellis for the California Democratic Party chairmanship were hoping to celebrate her victory on Saturday night. Ellis lost narrowly to Eric Bauman, of Los Angeles. (Katy Murphy – Bay Area News Group) By David Crane | Bloomberg View PUBLISHED: May 26, 2017 at 1:00 pm | UPDATED: May 26, 2017 at 1:24 pm Last weekend the California Democratic Party of which I am a member held a convention riven by a battle over the election of a new chairman. Behind that was a battle over “single­payer” health care financing in California. Behind that is a power play about hundreds of billions of dollars. Single-­payer is a method by which health care expenditures are financed by public agencies. For example, Medicare and Medicaid are single-­payer systems. Now, a powerful commercial and political interest, the California Nurses Association, is sponsoring legislation to establish a state­-run single­-payer agency that would take control of all health care spending in California. They want Medicare and Medicaid to run through the new agency and to eliminate all other payers so that all health care payments, currently around $400 billion per year, would run through the agency. Related Articles California to weigh single-payer, universal health care plan El Cerrito weighs in on state single-payer health care bill There can be benefits to single-­payer systems, but healthiness and efficiency are not necessarily two of them. Compare Canada, which is a single-­payer system, with the French and Swiss systems, which are multi­-payer systems. In its analysis of 11 developed ­country health care systems, The Commonwealth Fund placed France and Switzerland in the top tercile of healthiness while Canada’s ranked in the lowest tercile. Canada also ranked next to last in efficiency, just ahead of the USA. If the goal is healthier populations and greater efficiency, a Swiss, French, German or Japanese multi­-payer system would seem worthy of consideration. But better health and greater efficiency are not the goals of California’s single-­payer advocates. They are after political and economic power over $400 billion of spending per year. The objective of their legislation is a single point of political power, because that is the most lucrative path for cronies who derive revenues from government spending. The single point of political power in the case of the proposed single­-payer system would be a nine-­person board. At least one board member must be a representative from the nurses union and another must be from another health care provider, both of whom would be recipients of funds from the agency and beneficiaries of agency rules. Mandating board seats for them is like mandating that a board managing military spending provide seats to Boeing and Lockheed Martin. If you want a sense of what’s in store for citizens if such a board is placed in charge of health care financing, see the consequences for citizens of pension financing managed by the boards of CalPERS and CalSTRS. There’s a reason the U.S. health care ­industrial complex is the biggest recipient of government spending. This year it will garner double the amounts paid the military ­industrial complex. Nurses and other wage­-earning members of that complex do important work but, to cite William Jennings Bryan, they are also business people. They reap  enormous  amounts of  money from government decisions. Nothing helps them more than establishing a single point of political power they can control. Citizens should be skeptical of elected officials who curry favor with any member of the health care ­industrial complex. They should also criticize elected officials for the state failing the 14 million Californians already covered by its existing single-­payer system. Even though Medi­Cal has doubled spending over the last seven years and now lines the pockets of health care providers with more than $100 billion per year, we are still waiting for evidence of healthier populations. Emergency room visits are up, not down, despite a doubling of the number of people covered by Medi­Cal. Policymakers should work for greater citizen health, not greater crony wealth. David Crane is president of Govern For California and lecturer at Stanford where he teaches Health Care Policy and Reform and California Policy and Politics. Tags:  Health David Crane Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Bullied teen girl filmed urinating: Parents tell Danville school to ‘do their job’ Former professor suspected in Berkeley bike-lock attack enters plea in Oakland court Teen sentenced to juvenile hall after home invasion beating that ‘permanently changed’ couple Oakland building collapse: 12 construction workers injured Apple Store in Walnut Creek invaded by thieves Intruder destroys East Bay home, takes nothing and leaves racial slur on family room wall ‘Ya win some, ya lose some,’ says Irish gang founder after life sentence in Crockett murder ‘Terror’ video sparks student walkout at San Ramon Valley High School More in Commentary Krauthammer: Why Middle East peace starts in Saudi Arabia May 26, 2017, 3:00 pm Columnist Charles Krauthammer argues that any meaningful peace in the Middle East will have to begin with Saudi Arabia. Opinion: Solitary confinement is widespread and ineffective May 26, 2017, 2:00 pm Opinion: Use of solitary confinement is widespread, but it doesn’t work. Opinion: Global trade must be part of international relations May 26, 2017, 10:00 am DVC professor Amer Araim argues that global trade must be a part of our international relations. Khanna: Fight Trump’s effort to hurt public education May 26, 2017, 8:37 am The White House offered a budget of $0.00 (yes, you read that right) for enrichment programs that help schools pay for AP classes and offer science and engineering instruction to students Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps All Access Subscriptions Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Archive Search Reprints Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notes © 2017 Digital First Media Sitemap Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Your Evening Briefing Here are today's top stories. Bloomberg News May 26, 2017, 3:30 PM EDT Jared Kushner’s Rise to Power Mirrors Trump's Want to receive this post in your inbox every afternoon? Sign up here. As the world’s most powerful leaders convene in Sicily for the two-day G-7 summit, there’s a new dynamic in the air. Last year, the final statement from the meeting clocked in at 32 pages. This year’s is on pace to be one-third the length, reflecting the difficulty of bridging a divide between President Trump and the six other world leaders — especially on matters of climate change and trade. That discrepancy alone speaks volumes. —Megan Hess The Kushners’ Blackstone connection is on display in Saudi Arabia. Last week, when Saudi Arabia announced a $20-billion investment in a U.S. infrastructure fund managed by Blackstone, many noticed it came shortly after Jared Kushner personally negotiated a $110-billion arms sale to the country. What went unnoticed is Blackstone’s importance to the Kushner family company. Since 2013, the firm has loaned more than $400 million to finance four Kushner Cos. deals. What G-7 leaders will argue about in Sicily. The deadly terror attack in the U.K. has catapulted security to the top of the agenda for the G-7 summit this weekend. Yet the nations gathered do not see eye to eye on trade, immigration and climate change. The leaders are preparing to sign off on a substantially pared-down statement at the close of their meeting. Electric cars will soon cost less than gasoline. Battery powered cars will be cheaper to buy than conventional gasoline ones in the U.S. and Europe as soon as 2025, new research shows. Batteries currently account for about half the cost of electric vehicles, and their prices will fall by about 77 percent between 2016 and 2030, according to Bloomberg New Energy Finance. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Trump blasted German carmakers and threatened barriers. The president reportedly chided German carmakers for selling too many vehicles in the U.S., contributing to a lopsided German trade surplus that’s hurting the U.S. economy. “The Germans are bad, very bad,” Trump told EU officials in a closed-door meeting, Der Spiegel reported, citing unidentified attendees. He has repeatedly criticized Germany’s high trade surplus with the U.S. Forget supersonic. Hypersonic is the U.S. military’s new speed. For faster flight and quick access to space, the Pentagon is pushing for speeds above Mach 5. Boeing’s XS-1 (Experimental Spaceplane), which the company dubs “Phantom Express,” got a green light this week by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or DARPA. Just how polarizing is Ivanka Trump’s fashion label? Public views of the first daughter’s fashion label break along political lines, according to new consumer perception data. While liberals really don’t like the brand, conservatives are merely lukewarm. It’s a bit more complicated when split down gender lines. Richard Branson’s best trip ever. “As a family we are gluttons for punishment,” the Virgin founder said of vacations with his adult children. “Last year we did a 2,500-kilometer bike ride, [after a] 10-day hike, from the south of Switzerland to the toe of Italy. Then we swam to Sicily and marathoned up to the top of Mount Etna.” You probably have to take a deep breath after just reading that. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Forget Supersonic. Hypersonic Is the U.S. Military’s New Speed Even Trump Is Having Trouble Getting a Good Price for His Ferrari The First Thing to Do When You Enter a Hotel Room, and Other Travel Tips Apple Is Working on a Dedicated Chip to Power AI on Devices Pretty Soon Electric Cars Will Cost Less Than Gasoline Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Arun Patil Worldwide Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market 2021: Focus on (Companies, Opportunities, Challenges, Drivers, Growth, Countries, Revenue, & Forecast) Global Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. The market report assesses key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems industry. The Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market is anticipated to increase at a significant CAGR of 5.35% during the years 2017-2021. Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market Report Covered: Emerging market trends, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market share assessments for the regional and country level segments, Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems market report includes segmentation (By Type, By Applications, By End-Users, & More), key market players, and strategies in the market, detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants. Get Sample PDF of Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10410023 Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market Segmentation by: Payload and Subsystems Types:  optical sensors and other sensors payloads, avionics and subsystems, data link and communication systems. The Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market report delivers detailed study on the major drivers and challenges with respect to regions, key players & their impact. Drivers:  Emergence of inflatable SATCOM antennas, Growing acceptance of all-electric propulsion satellites, Miniaturization of radar cameras and sensors. Challenges:  Issues related to space debris and deorbiting, Design and manufacturing constraints, Delays in satellite launch. Trends:  Use of microsatellites in the maintenance and assistance of bigger satellites, Development of lightweight power amplifiers, Predisposition toward establishing partnership with private SATCOM providers. Browse Detailed Information on Global Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10410023 Geographical Regions: Americas, APAC, EMEA. The Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, demand and present scenarios in Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems industry. Key Vendors:  Airbus Defence and Space, Boeing, Honeywell, Lockheed Martin, Thales, and many more. The Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market report includes company share analysis for the major companies operating in this market by major regions. Price of Report: $3500 (Single User License) Get Full Access @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10410023 The Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems market report highlight the economy, past and emerging trend of industry, and availability of basic resources. Furthermore, the Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems market report explains development trend, analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems industry before evaluating its possibility.   For More Related Reports Visit @ http://talkinvestor.com/ http://talkinvestor.com/category/industry-news/ CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsMilitary Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Industry, Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Industry Growth, Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market, Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market Analysis, Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market forecast, Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market Growth, Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market Research, Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market Shares, Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Military Aerospace Engine Market 2017-2022: Analysed by Business Growth, Development Factors, Applications, and Future Prospects Next PostNext Global Aerospace 3D Printing Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts MVIS Announces May 2017 Monthly Index Review Results of Long/Short Equity Indices Centering Devices Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics & Forecast 2017-2022 Sodium Acid Pyrophosphate (SAPP) Market Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application; Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin Analysis to 2022 United States Waterproof Canva Market Size, Share Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Chemical Vapor Deposition Diamond Market Growth Opportunities, Sales, Revenue, Consumptions, Industry Analysis and Forecasts 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 5:40pm Sat 27 May Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Grant Bradley Aviation, tourism and energy writer for the Business Herald Rocket Lab launch: Why Peter Beck could let his hair down 6:00 AM Saturday May 27, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Rocket Lab Space Technology Sponsor message.   Video will play in Play now Don't auto play Never auto play Peter Beck, the usually buttoned down engineer, let his hair down at Rocket Lab mission control as he watched his Electron rocket clear the tower at Mahia. The rocket didn't make it to orbit as planned, but it made it to space and Beck said he had plenty to celebrate inside the nerve centre in Auckland. Along with others in the highly-restricted mission control he was whooping and hollering as the 17m-tall rocket blasted off from the launch pad at the tip of the Mahia Peninsula more than 350km away. Most other start-up rocket programmes haven't made it that far, the majority staying on the drawing board, others blowing up on the launch pad or early in flight. Beck has in the past got very enthusiastic talking about engineering and rocket science, but he's not usually given to displaying much emotion. He's a cool and clinical planner; to date keener talking about ground testing and trials than the glory and glamour of space. But he was ecstatic on the night of the rocket's three-minute journey into space, even though its orbital mission was not completed. That will now be the focus of analysis of thousands of data streams from the rocket, the company christened "ItsaTest" to explicitly spell out the trial nature of the launch. It now has two more test launches to get that right In the days before the launch Beck mentioned that there would be a quiet celebration if they pulled it off. That turned in to a "heck of a party" after he awarded the lift-off a 10 out of 10. Continued below. Related Content Lucky few witness Rocket Lab's Electron get off the ground at Mahia Rocket Lab and NZ's other engineering feats Video Rocket Lab's launch day "We're one of a few companies to ever develop a rocket from scratch and we did it in under four years. To get as far as we did on the first test flight doesn't often happen," he said. Rocket Lab founder Peter Beck in the mission control room. "It was a beautiful mission to watch." He paid tribute to his team, many rookies in the space game, who had developed the Electron and launch system. The range operator Shaun D'Mello was a 25-year-old "with the weight of the world on his shoulders". Mission control is tightly restricted around launch time and operates under the United States' Federal Aviation Administration rules about unauthorised personnel. The rocket launch from Mahia Peninsula. There is also concern about giving away trade secrets to satellite industry competitors and countries or groups who could use the technology for weapons. For Beck, 40, the launch was another step in the "long journey and wild ride" of just over a decade of Rocket Lab and a lifetime of thinking about space. He's pushing the message that his company - and New Zealand - is well and truly in the space game, however, the real celebrations will start when Rocket Lab is making money out of delivering small satellites into orbit at the rate of up to more than twice a week. Rocket Lab's Electron during take off. And that's the tough part. George Sowers, an independent consultant, former chief scientist and vice-president of United Launch Alliance, a joint venture of Lockheed Martin and Boeing, said before the launch that it was a sign of the vibrancy of the commercial space sector at the present time. Sowers said while Rocket Lab had some interesting technology, such as the electric pump-driven engine and embraced state-of-the-art manufacturing technologies, the small payload launch market made it extremely difficult for commercial companies to make a profit. New camera angle taken during yesterday's launch - includes sound. More to come! #ItsaTest pic.twitter.com/zr4M72MdiO— Rocket Lab (@RocketLabUSA) May 26, 2017 Rocket Lab can draw on up to $25m of Government funding over five years, but its main backers include US companies Khosla Ventures, Bessemer Venture Partners, Data Collective, Promus Ventures, Lockheed Martin and Stephen Tindall's K1W1. The company claims a value of $1 billion. The company's full name is Rocket Lab USA and it is majority-owned by Americans and registered in the United States, but retains its Kiwi origins. A silver fern was on its nose on Thursday, and besides the ground crew at Mahia and specialists at mission control there's scores of rocket designers, engineers and builders based at its humming base near Auckland Airport. Rocket Lab founder Peter Beck in the mission control room. The government signed up to international treaties and pushed through regulations to facilitate the programme which it hopes could be part of an industry worth billions of dollars. From a family of Invercargill engineers, Beck has always been hands-on. At school he pulled an old Mini apart and rebuilt it part by part, souping it up with a turbocharger. A toolmaking apprenticeship at Fisher & Paykel gave him access to top of the line machinery and materials after hours, before going on to found Rocket Lab in 2006. Peter Beck rejoices. In the build-up to opening its base at Mahia late last year, Beck told the Herald Rocket Lab was trying to do something tremendously challenging. Married with two children, (a part of his life, like his financial stake in the company, that he was not keen to talk about) it's been six-day weeks for much of the last decade. "This is what I want to do with my life - it's not that I feel I get sick of this and I want to go and sit on the beach." - NZ Herald Read more by Grant Bradley Email Grant Bradley Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Northland news in brief News snippets from around Northland. Hawke's Bay Today Tim Gilbertson: Dam day will be a tragedy The theological observer suspects history may be unkind to the Romans. Bay of Plenty Times Winter a busy season for MTB Graeme Simpson talks about the busy upcoming season for mountain bikers. Our Features' Top Stories Driven Volkswagen apprentices build first ever electric Golf GTI Volkswagen hand-picked its best apprentices for a GTI first.... Viva Celebrities' red-carpet rebellion at Cannes Learn from the older actresses at Cannes: they're making comfort chic True Commercial Airport industrials are high flyers Industrial development near Auckland airport has shown the biggest increase in the region… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 27 May 2017 18:30:44 Processing Time: 45ms
Home Weather 69° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Aeromexico affiliate of Delta Air Lines to launch nonstop Portland-Mexico City flights Andrew McIntosh, via Portland Business Journal , KGW 10:24 AM. PDT May 26, 2017 Aeromexico airplanes at Aeropuerto Internacional Benito Ju??rez (Mexico City International Airport) in Mexico City (Ciudad Mexico) September 20, 2015. (Photo by John Gress/Corbis via Getty Images) (Photo: John Gress) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST PORTLAND, Ore. -- Aeromexico, an affiliate of Delta Air Lines, is launching new daily nonstop service between Portland International Airport and Mexico City, beginning Nov. 1. Mexico's largest airline will also offer a second new daily flight between Seattle and the Mexican capital, Aeromexico and Delta announced. The carriers announced the new flights as part of a series of new services and plans for capacity expansion during the rest of the 2017 year. Delta's new nonstop flights between Portland and London were expected to start Friday, May 26. The flight will operate four days a week from May 26 through Oct. 2. John Caldwell, the Seattle vice president of Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL), said the new flights represent the next step in the evolving partnership between the two airlines, not unlike the partnership between Dutch airline KLM and Air France. "Seattle is beneficiary ... of us operating together," Caldwell said. "There's a huge opportunity for passengers not only to fly into Mexico City, the Aeromexico hub, but also beyond, to other Mexican cities, and to destinations in Latin America." Aeromexico will offer the daily flights to Sea-Tac Airport using a 160-seat Boeing 737-800 airplane. It will feature three classes of cabin seating. Delta's relationship with Aeromexico started with the airlines agreeing to sell tickets on each other's flights, known as a code share deal. It grew and in January, Delta completed its plans to acquire a 49 percent stake in Aeromexico. Five years ago, Aeromexico announced the biggest deal in Mexican aviation history, buying 100 Boeing aircraft, including 90 737 Max jets and 10 787-9 Dreamliners in an agreement worth $11 billion at list prices. The Max jets will start to be delivered in 2018. Aeromexico serves more than 80 cities, including 44 destinations in Mexico, 19 in the United States, and 15 in Latin America. Andrew McIntosh covers aerospace and manufacturing for the Puget Sound Business Journal. © 2017 KGW-TV KGW Alaska Airlines to add nonstop flights from PDX to New York, Detroit KGW Delta to start direct PDX-London flight CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Camper attempts to break into Lents neighborhood home 2 killed in fatal stabbing on MAX train Sex attack suspect charged with 55 crimes Man arrested for throwing semen at women Student named 'most likely to be a terrorist' Fatal stabbing at NE Portland transit center Fatal stabbing at Hollywood Transit Center Making the best burger at Helvetia Tavern Company behind failed 'Fyre Festival' had office in Portland Closures lifted after Oregon City bomb scare More Stories Police: 2 killed in MAX train stabbing after suspect… May 26, 2017, 5:04 p.m. Chloe Eudaly, on behalf of city council, calls for… May 26, 2017, 10:45 p.m. Tigard HS students circulating offensive images… May 26, 2017, 9:49 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Closings Weather Alerts Radars Live Cameras hyperlocal-radars More... Weather Blog Ski Reports Earthquakes Oregon River Levels Health Detail Location Search Local It's Portland KGW Investigates Business Crime Consumer Politics More... News Links Technology Live at 7 More Roseburg School Shootings Blogs Community Calendar Breaking Newsletters National Politics Vancouver News Clackamas County Willamette Valley Marion County North Coast News Eastern Oregon News Washington County Central Coast News Southern Oregon News Gresham News Central Oregon Western Washington Black Friday Community News Education Headlines On Demand Papal Visit Special Reports Oregon News Robotics /shred Homeless Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Ways to Save History Makers Pearl Harbor Year in Review If My Parents Only Knew Verify Kyron Horman Nation Now /nation-now-old Traffic Alerts Cameras Gas Prices @KGWTraffic Maps TripCheck More... PDX Flight Updates Sports Olympics Blazers Timbers Mariners Ducks Beavers More... High School Sports Super Bowl More Vikings Winterhawks Seahawks Thorns NCAA Basketball Tournament Sports Sunday World Cup Features Entertainment Health Straight Talk Grants Getaways Drew Carney Portland Today More... Travel Cassidy Quinn Contests Magnify Money Gold Buyers More KGW Archive ACM Awards Actively Northwest Animals Crossword Cup of Joe Going Green Holidays Greater Portland Today Live @ 7 Mad About Movies Making a Difference Oscars Grammys Pets of the Day Rachel's Challenge redirect-contests Shot of the Day Redirect - Stepping Up Trending Today /getahead Sunrise Santa Tracker TD Jakes Station Break Growth Thankful Norad Santa Tracker Heart Month Redirect Eclipse About Meet The Team Jobs Contact TV Listings Advertise with Us Closed Captioning More... Viewer Technical FAQs jobs redirect Quick Links Newslinks Community Calendar NBC Shows Contests Justice Network Connect With Us RSS E-mail Newsletters FAQ Terms Privacy FCC Public Inspection File Ad Choices Community Rules Conversation Guidelines Roku Cobrand Header Whats On NBC Cobrand Footer Survey © 2017 KGW-TV Services Advertise With Us KGW Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC Cars.com Portland Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Opinion This Is The Swamp John Linder Former Congressman 10:13 AM 05/26/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP There is a federal law forbidding federal government agencies from directly lobbying congress. However, that does not leave them helpless. Every program has a constituency and that constituency is organized. The dynamic is simple; recipients of government programs reap very large benefits while the cost to the average taxpayer of that specific program is small. The recipients have a financial interest in organizing and lobbying for more and the average taxpayer will be unmoved to respond. That is how programs grow and why they can never be cut. There is no law, however, forbidding foreign countries from lobbying our congress. And they all do. Many years ago, my wife Lynne and I were in Washington, D.C. visiting a friend who had retired from the Army. He was working for a company that sought contracts from the Department of Defense and he took us to see his new office in Rosslyn. Casually, in the course of walking through the building, he pointed out offices that were occupied by representatives of foreign governments. I asked him what those representatives could do for that nation that their embassies could not do. He said, “Get their share of the U.S. budget.” Years later I saw colleagues retire from Congress and move into the lobbying business. A very large number of them showed up the following year representing the interests of foreign countries. And those interests are broad, from budget considerations to affecting language in bills that could reflect well or not so well on that nation. I am not aware of any grants, or any other kind of distribution from the budget of any foreign nation, that benefit the United States. The principal owner in our friend’s company was African-American. Our friend and his boss visited Atlanta on a business trip and stayed at our house. Over dinner I asked the owner about his background in defense issues. He had none. He frankly explained to us that his value to the company was in how many “points” it was worth in the bid process to have minority ownership. Indeed, he was interviewing for a minority contract with the city of Atlanta the next morning. Our friend, however, knew the ropes at the DOD. He had spent many years at the Pentagon and retired at a high rank. He proudly explained how he would make a proposal for a project that piqued the interest of one of his former colleagues. He would then help that former colleague out by writing up the bid specifications for him. The proposal, of course, would be written such that theirs was the only company that could qualify to bid. I was stunned. “You’re kidding me aren’t you?” “No. No. That’s how it’s done. When I was in the Pentagon I worked it that way for my friends too.” He saw nothing wrong with the practice at all. That’s the way it works. Dealing with our federal government you are not measured by your competence or your product. You are measured by your bid. Once the bid is won it matters little whether you meet it. They are constantly adjusted upward. President Trump was elected in part because he promised to build a wall on the southern border. Immediately after the election we are hearing from some in the Department of Homeland Security that part of the border may be protected by new technology rather than a wall. Whatever is proposed, it will be new and shiny and bureaucrats will be in thrall. I’ve heard that song before. In 2005 Boeing won a bid for a virtual wall to cover 2000 miles of southern border. The bid was $7 billion and the pilot project was begun for 53 miles in Arizona. After a billion dollars the project was cancelled in January of 2011 with nothing to show for it. I suggest some modest reforms: Interests between nations should be a matter for the State Department and they should be handled at the ambassador level, not through lobbyists. The law preventing federal agencies from lobbying Congress should be expanded to include foreign governments. It should be illegal for U.S. companies to represent foreign governments before Congress. Businesses that fail to complete their government project under the contracted price should be prevented from bidding on future projects. Donald Trump has promised to drain the swamp. This is about as swampy as it gets. If you would like to be added to John Linder’s distribution list please send your email address to: [email protected] or follow on Twitter: @linderje Tags: Boeing, Department of Homeland Security, Department of State, Donald Trump, John Linder Hide Comments   Show comments Evergreen State College Prof Under Attack For His Skin Color 3:32 PM 05/26/2017 POLL: Why Does Hillary Clinton Keep Coughing? 12:58 PM 05/26/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home China World Business Culture Sports Sci & Tech Photos Video New China More∨ In-depth Entertainment Special Reports Forum B&R Initiative Bilingual Zone Home Latest News China World Business Photos Video Culture & Edu Sports Sci & Tech Health Special Reports Entertainment New China Editions Asia & Pacific Europe Africa North America 中文 Français Русский Deutsch Español عربي 한국어 日本語 Português Editions Global Edition China Edition Africa Edition Europe Edition Asia & Pacific عربي Chinese(GB) Chinese(Big5) Français 日本語 русский Español 한국어 Deutsch Português North America RwandAir launches its first direct flight to Europe Source: Xinhua| 2017-05-26 21:27:16|Editor: ying Video PlayerClose KIGALI, May 26 (Xinhua) -- Rwanda's national airline RwandAir has launched first direct commercial flight to Gatwick International Airport, London's second busiest airport. The airline's flight took off from Kigali International Airport on Friday afternoon en route to Gatwick International Airport, adding it to its network of 22 destinations worldwide. The new route will be operated by recently acquired brand new Airbus A330 aircraft that boasts of in-flight connectivity. The airline will fly to London three times a week and is expected to boost tourism and trade between the UK and Rwanda. Speaking to reporters shortly after launching London flight destination, the airline's deputy chief executive officer in charge of corporate affairs, Yvonne Manzi Makolo said that the airline has embarked on expanding its wings to far destinations in order to serve a large clientele of travellers to visit Rwanda. "It's great step for our country, because it will bring us closer to our trade partners and sources of tourists. Rwanda will be making a big impact as a must-visit country," she added. Last year, the airline acquired its first A330-200 and A330-300 Airbus planes, boosting its fleet to 11 aircraft and capacity to compete globally. It is also scheduled to take delivery of another brand new Boeing before end of May. This direct seamless long-haul flight is an important milestone towards improving trade relations between Rwanda, the European continent. RwandAir carried more than 650,000 passengers last year and projects to transport over three million in the next five years. The Rwanda aviation industry which has become one of the largest and most profitable airlines in East Africa has continued to spread wings across Africa and beyond. The airline has been growing at an average of 20 percent in the last six years and is currently positioning itself as the most efficient and reliable airline in the region, according to figures from the Rwanda's ministry of infrastructure. The airline has 11 aircraft and expects delivery of the 12th, a Boeing 737-800, in May. KEY WORDS: RwandAir YOU MAY LIKE RwandAir receives Boeing 737-800NG to expand flight destinations RwandAir acquires East Africa's first Airbus A330-200 Zimbabwe says RwandAir to start Harare flights in 2016 MORE PHOTOS Hong Kong Int'l Auto Show kicks off People attend ceremony to commemorate Confucius in E China's Shandong Porcupine breeding brings fortune to poor families in S China's Hainan China completes construction of first Hualong One nuclear project Scenery of Dulong River Gorge in SW China's Yunnan People make Zongzi in C China's Hubei for upcoming Dragon Boat Festival TOP STORIES Data expo opens in southwest China Jiaolong conducts 2nd dive in 3rd stage of China's 38th oceanic expedition Traditional Duanwu Festival greeted around China Hong Kong Int'l Auto Show kicks off EDITOR’S CHOICE / 01. Russia, China pledge further co-op-, joint work on int'l issues / 02. Trump cries foul over burden sharing at NATO summit / 03. British police find suspicious items in probe into Manchester attack / 04. Macron fails to woo Trump's support on Paris agreement / 05. Chinese movie "Walking Past the Future" hailed in Cannes MOST VIEWED Bottlenose dolphins relocated in NE China's Heilongjiang China's Xiamen to hold 9th BRICS Summit Yoga fans practise yoga on flower farmland in N China's Hebei Chinese submersible Jiaolong descends to 4,811 meters in Mariana Trench EXPLORE XINHUANET News China World Business Culture Edu Sports Sci Tech Health Entertainment Regions Asia & Pacific Americas Europe Africa Organizations North America Services Investment Doing Business Work in China Study in China Visit in China Live in China Emergency Weather More Photos Video In-depth Special Reports Corrections 010020070750000000000000011100001363182941
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Steady Development Of Advanced And Innovative Technologies For Global Commercial and Military Aircraft MRO Market Over The Period 2017 – 2021 Market Research Report Researchmoz added Most up-to-date research on „Steady Development Of Advanced And Innovative Technologies For Global Commercial and Military Aircraft MRO Market Over The Period 2017 – 2021” to its huge collection of research reports. Maintenance, repair, and overhaul (MRO) enhances the life of an aircraft by increasing its operational efficiency. It includes services such as routine check-up, inspection, repair, and modification of aircraft and its components, assuring the safety and airworthiness of an aircraft. MRO is performed for airframes, engines, and components and includes thorough and extensive visual checks and nondestructive testing (NDT) for the detection of damage or corrosion. The MRO industry is characterized by steady development of advanced and innovative technologies. For instance, with the introduction of wearable technology, mobile devices can access flight-related information quickly and send information to maintenance specialists. This has helped in achieving on-time delivery of aircraft. Technavios analysts forecast the global commercial and military aircraft MRO market to grow at a CAGR of 3.39% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global commercial and military aircraft MRO market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the spending on MRO carried out for commercial and military aircraft. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC EMEA Technavio’s report, Global Commercial and Military Aircraft MRO Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors AAR Airbus Group Boeing Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) Lockheed Martin Rockwell Collins SIA Engineering Company Singapore Technologies Aerospace Make an Enquiry of this report @ www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=1067027 Other prominent vendors AMECO Aviation Technical Services Delta TechOps DynCorp International Elbit Systems Evergreen Aviation Technologies Hong Kong Aircraft Engineering (HAECO) Lufthansa Technik Monarch Aircraft Engineering SR Technics StandardAero Thales Market driver Improvements in synthetic vision avionic systems. For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Challenges due to high cost and unavailability of spare parts. For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Integration of advanced weapons into aircraft. For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? To Get Sample Copy of Report visit @ www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1067027 About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the one stop online destination to find and buy market research reports & Industry Analysis. We fulfill all your research needs spanning across industry verticals with our huge collection of market research reports. We provide our services to all sizes of organizations and across all industry verticals and markets. Our Research Coordinators have in-depth knowledge of reports as well as publishers and will assist you in making an informed decision by giving you unbiased and deep insights on which reports will satisfy your needs at the best price. Mr. Nachiket State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Email: sales@researchmoz.us Website @ www.researchmoz.us/ Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Follow us on LinkedIn @ bit.ly/1TBmnVG This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Energy Storage Battery for Microgrids 2017 Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Food Preservatives Market anticipated to expand at a CAGR of 3.5% in terms of value during, 2014 – 2020 Search Recent Posts Enigma Software Group’s SpyHunter® Beats Malwarebytes Anti-Malware in Comparative AV-TEST Wire Bonder Equipment Market to Grow at a CAGR of 2.88% to 2021 Toyota Celebrates The Sand, Surf & Safety of San Diego’s Beaches Republican Legislators Rejecting Student Loan Refinancing Themselves Attended College at One-Fifth the Cost Today Surprise your dad with Gifts for Fathers Day Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 72° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine. A stray severe thunderstorm is possible. High 87F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Thunderstorms in the evening will give way to cloudy skies overnight. A few storms may be severe. Low 66F. Winds S at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall near an inch. Updated: May 27, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Law and order Close 1 of 7 Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson A bullet hole can be seen in a street light in the alley of 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis where a double shooting happened on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Casey Lowery is charged with murder in the first degree and one count of armed criminal action in St. Louis County; he was arrested walking naked along a Tennessee highway.  Two deadly shootings, one suspect arrested in attacks in St. Louis city and county By Christine Byers and Kim Bell St. Louis Post-Dispatch 18 hrs ago (…) Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson A bullet hole can be seen in a street light in the alley of 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis where a double shooting happened on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com UPDATES with background on suspect's criminal history A St. Louis man was charged late Thursday in a fatal shooting that police believe was linked to another one in St. Louis earlier in the day. Police said Casey Lowery, 36, was arrested about 10 p.m. Thursday. No other details were immediately available. Two people were killed and one critically injured in the separate shootings. Police said Lowery has been charged with first-degree murder in the fatal shooting in the 3600 block of Dunn Road. Police early Friday identified the victim as Andre Jones, 28 of the 1600 block of Hudson Road in Dellwood. +6  Casey Lowery is charged with murder in the first degree and one count of armed criminal action in St. Louis County; he was arrested walking naked along a Tennessee highway.  Lowery’s address is in the 1100 block of Howell Street in St. Louis. That address is a block from the scene of the first fatal shooting. About 8:30 a.m., a man shot a homeowner in the head in an alley in the 1100 block of Canaan Avenue, critically injuring him in front of an Ameren subcontractor. When police arrived, they found a woman who had been shot nearby. She was taken to a hospital, where she was pronounced dead. The woman was identified as Keiva Jones, 29. She lived in the same block as the shooting. The homeowner, a man in his 50s, was in critical and unstable condition at a hospital. Witnesses told police the victims were in a relationship, according to a source. About 8:45 a.m. and about four miles away, a gunman opened fire on a vehicle on a Conoco gas station parking lot in unincorporated St. Louis County, wounding a motorist. He died at a nearby hospital, police said. After the shots were fired, both the shooter’s vehicle and victim’s vehicle were seen driving off the lot in the 3600 block of Dunn Road. The victim, a man, was shot at least once, according to St. Louis County police. Police do not know how many people were inside either vehicle when the shooting occurred. In both the Baden and St. Louis County cases, the shooter’s vehicle was described as a mid-’90s blue pickup with a camper shell, prompting police to believe the shootings may be connected. Security officers at Boeing in Berkeley called Berkeley police shortly after 9 a.m. to report that a truck had “blown through” several security checkpoints, said Police Chief Art Jackson. The driver did not cause any damage and escaped. The truck matched the description of the shooter’s vehicle that St. Louis County police then shared with surrounding agencies, Jackson said. St. Louis police spokeswoman Leah Freeman said in a statement that police believe the shootings are connected. Lt. John Green, commander of the St. Louis Police Department’s homicide division, gave this account of the Baden shooting: The utility worker, an electrician, showed up at a home on Canaan after a homeowner complained about a burned-out street light in the alley. The worker talked to the homeowner and they stood in the alley looking at the light that needed repairs. Another man, who was a stranger to the utility worker, walked up and began talking to the homeowner. The two men shook hands and talked as if they knew each other. The man who had just walked up pulled a gun and fired a shot at the broken light. “You didn’t need to do that,” the utility worker told the shooter. He told the gunman that he was preparing to fix it. With that, the shooter fired his gun at the homeowner, striking him in the head, and the worker ran to his truck to escape, Green said. The utility worker parked a block or two away, in a spot he considered safe, so he could make a phone call. He had the homeowner’s cellphone number from the work order form, so he tried calling the homeowner. When he looked up, the shooter was standing outside his vehicle. The shooter demanded his phone, then drove away. The utility worker returned to the scene about two hours later to walk the alley with detectives, describing the incident. The woman’s body was found by police when they arrived to investigate. The worker never saw the woman, and police have found no witnesses to her shooting, Green said. Neighbors said the male victim was known on the block to cut people’s grass and hold weekend parties to keep neighborhood children entertained. His home on Canaan, with a small blue plastic pool in the side yard, is about three houses from the vacant lot where he was shot. Crime in the Baden neighborhood is up nearly 25 percent in the last six months from the same period a year earlier. Suspect's background Besides the murder charge, Lowery's most recent criminal history includes two pending 2016 counts of domestic assault — one felony, one misdemeanor — in St. Louis Circuit Court. He posted 10 percent of a $15,000 bail in February and was released with an order to be fitted with a GPS tracker, court records say. Four days after his Feb. 10 release, St. Louis Circuit Judge Michael Stelzer issued an arrest warrant for Lowery's failure to appear in court and raised Lowery's bail to $25,000 cash because Lowery failed to get the GPS tracker, court records say. In March, after Lowery's lawyer filed a "notice of bond compliance," Stelzer quashed the arrest warrant and ordered Lowery to submit proof of GPS monitoring. It is not clear if he did so. Lowery's trial in the domestic assault case is set for July 3. Lowery also pleaded guilty to misdemeanor marijuana possession in the city in 2001, 2004 and 2007. He got a year's probation for the most recent case; 30 days in jail in the 2001 case and 60 days in jail for the 2004 case. He also has pending 2015 cases in Scott County, Mo., for drug distribution, unlawful use of drug paraphernalia and speeding. He posted bail in 2015 and was released. Denise Hollinshed of the Post-Dispatch contributed to this report. 2017 St. Louis area homicide map The men Missouri has executed since 2000 More government data Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Tags Homicide Ameren Utility Worker John Green St. Louis Police Department St. Louis County Police St. Louis Christine Byers Kim Bell Blue Pickup Baden Neighborhood Unincorporated St. Louis County Criminal Law Casey Lowery Law Police Art Jackson Crime Christine Byers Christine Byers is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Christine Byers Close Get email notifications on Christine Byers daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Christine Byers posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Christine Byers Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Kim Bell Kim Bell is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Kim Bell Close Get email notifications on Kim Bell daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Kim Bell posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Kim Bell Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Breaking News e-newsletter Breaking News from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Get breaking news delivered to your inbox as it develops. This field is required. Sign Up leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Most popular No degree. No skills. So how did she get a nursing job at a St. Louis hospital? Bloody 15 hours in St. Louis city, county leave 4 dead, 8 injured in separate shootings Trump's $4.1 trillion budget slashes Medicaid, food stamps Man performed 'wrestling moves' on 2-year-old before she died, Jefferson County deputies say Raids on St. Louis-area markets tied to illegal cigarette and K2 sales, sources say Follow us Latest in section Police say man is dead after exchange of gunfire with officers in south St. Louis Suspect in fatal shootings arrested walking naked along Tennessee road Belleville woman is charged with DUI in crash that killed husband, injured children Two shooting victims found in north St. Louis Murder charge filed in St. Louis against suspect in fatal shootings in city, county Quick links Current Affairs Government pay Lottery Obituaries Press releases Traffic map Take the dive of a lifetime and win prizes! Get your Father something cool! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market Analysis By Regions, Revenue, Import/ Export, Cost, Price, Production & Size 2022 The Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market report covers detailed competitive outlook including the market share and company profiles of the key participants operating in the market. In this report, the Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) market value in 2016 and expected value to by the end of 2022 and growth rate between 2016 and 2022 is mentioned. Worldwide Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market 2022, presents critical information and factual data about the Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) market, providing an overall statistical study of the Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) market on the basis of market drivers, Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market limitations, and its future prospects. The prevalent Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) trends and opportunities are also taken into consideration in Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) industry study. Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market 2022 report has Forecasted Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) in % value for particular period for Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) market, that will help user to take decision based on futuristic chart. Report also includes key players in Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) market. The market size is estimated in terms of revenue (US$) and production volume in this report. Request Sample Copy of Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market Report Here: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10786683 The Top Companies Report is intended to provide our buyers with a snapshot of the industry’s most influential players. Top Key Players in the Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market Report are report are Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon Company, SAAB Group, Thales Group, Airbus Group, BAE Systems, General Dynamics, Israel Aerospace Industries, Finmeccanica, Almaz-Antey, Reutech Radar Systems, Rockwell Collins, Boeing and others. The research report gives an overview of Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) industry on by analysing various key segments of this market based on the product types, application, and end-use industries, Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) market scenario. The regional distribution of the market is across the globe are considered for this Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) industry analysis, the result of which is utilized to estimate the performance of the market over the period from 2015 to forecasted year. By Product Analysis the Market is Segmented into Ground-Based AMDR, Naval-Based AMDR, Airborne-Based AMDR and by End Users/Applications Analysis the Market is Segmented into Ballistic Missile Defense, Conventional Have any Query Regarding the Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Sales Market Report? Contact us at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10786683 By Regional Analysis the Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market is Segmented into North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India. All aspects of the Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) industry are quantitatively as well as qualitatively assessed to study the global as well as regional Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) market comparatively. The basic information such as the definition of the market, prevalent Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) industry chain, and the government regulations pertaining to the market are also discussed in the report. The product range of the Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) market is examined on the basis of their production chain, Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) pricing of products, and the profit generated by them. No. of pages: 112 Get the Full Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market Report for $ 3500 (Single User Licence) at: http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10786683 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 5 ways editors are like chefs Next PostNext Business Jets Market Systematic Analysis of Marketing Trader, Key Manufacturers & Manufacturing Processes & Cost Structures 2022 Search Recent Posts Making tax administrations more efficient Substantial discussion gets off to a good start Addressing digitalisation at global level Focus on Agriculture and Nutrition Agriculture as basis for global peace Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Overview Investment Feasibility, Recent Trends & Development, Top Company Profiles & Forecast 2022 The Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market report covers detailed competitive outlook including the market share and company profiles of the key participants operating in the market. In this report, the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market value in 2016 and expected value to by the end of 2022 and growth rate between 2016 and 2022 is mentioned. Worldwide Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market 2022, presents critical information and factual data about the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market, providing an overall statistical study of the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market on the basis of market drivers, Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market limitations, and its future prospects. The prevalent Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) trends and opportunities are also taken into consideration in Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry study. Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market 2022 report has Forecasted Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) in % value for particular period for Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market, that will help user to take decision based on futuristic chart. Report also includes key players in Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market. The market size is estimated in terms of revenue (US$) and production volume in this report. Request Sample Copy of Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Report Here: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10786690 The Top Companies Report is intended to provide our buyers with a snapshot of the industry’s most influential players. Top Key Players in the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Report are report are Honeywell International, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon Company, Boeing Company, Sagem, Garmin, Rockwell Collins, Universal Avionics Corporation, Moog, Esterline Technologies and others. The research report gives an overview of Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry on by analysing various key segments of this market based on the product types, application, and end-use industries, Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market scenario. The regional distribution of the market is across the globe are considered for this Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry analysis, the result of which is utilized to estimate the performance of the market over the period from 2015 to forecasted year. By Product Analysis the Market is Segmented into Flight Control Systems, Communication, Navigation & Surveillance (CNS) Systems, Flight Management Systems, Other and by End Users/Applications Analysis the Market is Segmented into Fixed Wing Aircraft, Rotary Wing Aircraft Have any Query Regarding the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Sales Market Report? Contact us at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10786690 By Regional Analysis the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market is Segmented into North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India. All aspects of the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry are quantitatively as well as qualitatively assessed to study the global as well as regional Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market comparatively. The basic information such as the definition of the market, prevalent Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry chain, and the government regulations pertaining to the market are also discussed in the report. The product range of the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market is examined on the basis of their production chain, Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) pricing of products, and the profit generated by them. No. of pages: 101 Get the Full Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Report for $ 3500 (Single User Licence) at: http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10786690 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market Analysis By Regions, Revenue, Import/ Export, Cost, Price, Production & Size 2022 Next PostNext Shoulder-fired Weapons Market Technical Data, Manufacturing Plants Analysis, Gross Margin By Regions and Key Players 2017-2022 Posted on 26 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Overview Investment Feasibility, Recent Trends & Development, Top Company Profiles & Forecast 2022 The Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market report covers detailed competitive outlook including the market share and company profiles of the key participants operating in the market. In this report, the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market value in 2016 and expected value to by the end of 2022 and growth rate between 2016 and 2022 is mentioned. Worldwide Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market 2022, presents critical information and factual data about the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market, providing an overall statistical study of the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market on the basis of market drivers, Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market limitations, and its future prospects. The prevalent Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) trends and opportunities are also taken into consideration in Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry study. Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market 2022 report has Forecasted Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) in % value for particular period for Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market, that will help user to take decision based on futuristic chart. Report also includes key players in Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market. The market size is estimated in terms of revenue (US$) and production volume in this report. Request Sample Copy of Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Report Here: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10786690 The Top Companies Report is intended to provide our buyers with a snapshot of the industry’s most influential players. Top Key Players in the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Report are report are Honeywell International, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon Company, Boeing Company, Sagem, Garmin, Rockwell Collins, Universal Avionics Corporation, Moog, Esterline Technologies and others. The research report gives an overview of Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry on by analysing various key segments of this market based on the product types, application, and end-use industries, Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market scenario. The regional distribution of the market is across the globe are considered for this Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry analysis, the result of which is utilized to estimate the performance of the market over the period from 2015 to forecasted year. By Product Analysis the Market is Segmented into Flight Control Systems, Communication, Navigation & Surveillance (CNS) Systems, Flight Management Systems, Other and by End Users/Applications Analysis the Market is Segmented into Fixed Wing Aircraft, Rotary Wing Aircraft Have any Query Regarding the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Sales Market Report? Contact us at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10786690 By Regional Analysis the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market is Segmented into North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India. All aspects of the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry are quantitatively as well as qualitatively assessed to study the global as well as regional Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market comparatively. The basic information such as the definition of the market, prevalent Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry chain, and the government regulations pertaining to the market are also discussed in the report. The product range of the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market is examined on the basis of their production chain, Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) pricing of products, and the profit generated by them. No. of pages: 101 Get the Full Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Report for $ 3500 (Single User Licence) at: http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10786690 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market Analysis By Regions, Revenue, Import/ Export, Cost, Price, Production & Size 2022 Next PostNext Shoulder-fired Weapons Market Technical Data, Manufacturing Plants Analysis, Gross Margin By Regions and Key Players 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts UCLA leading $20 million effort to reduce HIV among youth Global Food Preservatives Market Expected to Reach $2,714 Million by 2023 – Allied Market Research Cone beam computed tomography (CBCT) Systems Market Expected to Reach $1,041 Million, Globally, by 2023 – Allied Market Research IMF Staff Completes a Staff Visit to Guinea Fronsac REIT Announces Strong Growth in the Results for the Quarter Ended March 31st, 2017 and the June 30th, 2017 Regular Quarterly Distribution Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Business Jets Market Systematic Analysis of Marketing Trader, Key Manufacturers & Manufacturing Processes & Cost Structures 2022 The Business Jets Market report covers detailed competitive outlook including the market share and company profiles of the key participants operating in the market. In this report, the Business Jets market value in 2016 and expected value to by the end of 2022 and growth rate between 2016 and 2022 is mentioned. Worldwide Business Jets Market 2022, presents critical information and factual data about the Business Jets market, providing an overall statistical study of the Business Jets market on the basis of market drivers, Business Jets Market limitations, and its future prospects. The prevalent Business Jets trends and opportunities are also taken into consideration in Business Jets industry study. Business Jets Market 2022 report has Forecasted Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) in % value for particular period for Business Jets market, that will help user to take decision based on futuristic chart. Report also includes key players in Business Jets market. The market size is estimated in terms of revenue (US$) and production volume in this report. Request Sample Copy of Business Jets Market Report Here: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10786686 The Top Companies Report is intended to provide our buyers with a snapshot of the industry’s most influential players. Top Key Players in the Business Jets Market Report are report are Bombardier, Gulfstream Aerospace, Cessna Aircraft Company, Embraer, Dassault Aviation, Airbus Group, Boeing Company, Honda Aircraft Company, Textron Aviation, Amjet Aviation and others. The research report gives an overview of Business Jets industry on by analysing various key segments of this market based on the product types, application, and end-use industries, Business Jets market scenario. The regional distribution of the market is across the globe are considered for this Business Jets industry analysis, the result of which is utilized to estimate the performance of the market over the period from 2015 to forecasted year. By Product Analysis the Market is Segmented into Very Light Jets, Light Jets, Mid-size Jets, Super Mid-size Jets, Large Jets and by End Users/Applications Analysis the Market is Segmented into Public Bodies, Government Officials, Armed Forces, Other Have any Query Regarding the Business Jets Sales Market Report? Contact us at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10786686 By Regional Analysis the Business Jets Market is Segmented into North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India. All aspects of the Business Jets industry are quantitatively as well as qualitatively assessed to study the global as well as regional Business Jets market comparatively. The basic information such as the definition of the market, prevalent Business Jets industry chain, and the government regulations pertaining to the market are also discussed in the report. The product range of the Business Jets market is examined on the basis of their production chain, Business Jets pricing of products, and the profit generated by them. No. of pages: 107 Get the Full Business Jets Market Report for $ 3500 (Single User Licence) at: http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10786686 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market Analysis By Regions, Revenue, Import/ Export, Cost, Price, Production & Size 2022 Next PostNext Shoulder-fired Weapons Market Technical Data, Manufacturing Plants Analysis, Gross Margin By Regions and Key Players 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Making tax administrations more efficient Substantial discussion gets off to a good start Addressing digitalisation at global level Focus on Agriculture and Nutrition Agriculture as basis for global peace Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Army Technology News, views and contacts from the global Army industry Log in or Register Vehicles Vehicles Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Kaplan-30 Next Generation Armoured Fighting Vehicle (NGAFV) Kaplan-30 Next Generation Armoured Fighting Vehicle (NGAFV) Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Projects KORKUT Self Propelled Air Defence Gun System KORKUT Self Propelled Air Defence Gun System Projects Griffon Multi-Role Armoured Vehicle (VBMR) Griffon Multi-Role Armoured Vehicle (VBMR) Soldier Systems Soldier Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Analysis Hitting the track with Boston Dynamics’ Handle Hitting the track with Boston Dynamics’ Handle Analysis Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Analysis Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Analysis The critical importance of NATO communications The critical importance of NATO communications Analysis Is a new cold war brewing in the Arctic? Is a new cold war brewing in the Arctic? Ordnance Ordnance Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Analysis US defence under Trump: what can we expect? US defence under Trump: what can we expect? Projects Hydra-70 Rocket System Hydra-70 Rocket System Logistics Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Talking cyber security skills with BAE Talking cyber security skills with BAE Analysis NATO: in need of an overhaul? NATO: in need of an overhaul? Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Analysis Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Finland’s defence in focus Finland’s defence in focus Analysis Talking cyber security skills with BAE Talking cyber security skills with BAE Analysis Rolls-Royce row: could a weak UK defence budget force a British icon to leave the sector? Rolls-Royce row: could a weak UK defence budget force a British icon to leave the sector? Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Security Security Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Moving ahead in the virtual battlespace Moving ahead in the virtual battlespace Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Analysis Finland’s defence in focus Finland’s defence in focus Analysis Talking cyber security skills with BAE Talking cyber security skills with BAE Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Analysis Build and rebuild: Germany's future defence strategy Build and rebuild: Germany's future defence strategy Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Analysis Moving ahead in the virtual battlespace Moving ahead in the virtual battlespace Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers 3W International - Gas and Heavy-Fuel Engines for Unmanned Aerial Systems and Vehicles Gas and Heavy-Fuel Engines for Unmanned Aerial Systems and Vehicles Suppliers UBS - Special Purpose Vehicles and Equipment for Military Organisations Special Purpose Vehicles and Equipment for Military Organisations Suppliers VPT - High-Reliability DC-DC Converters and EMI Filters for Military Applications High-Reliability DC-DC Converters and EMI Filters for Military Applications Suppliers MPL - Rugged Embedded COTS Systems for Military and Aerospace Applications Rugged Embedded COTS Systems for Military and Aerospace Applications Videos Events Advertise With Us All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » News On May 26 2017 Deals this week: PAE Government Services, Jacobs Engineering Group, Navistar Defense The US Army Contracting Command has awarded a contractor logistics support contract worth $142.06m to US-based aerospace and defence company, PAE Government Services. The contractor will provide logistics support, training and mentoring services for the Afghanistan National Defense Security Forces, under the foreign military sales contract, up to May 2022. Jacobs Engineering has won a scientific and engineering support contract worth $130m from the US Army Electronic Proving Ground. The contractor will provide engineering, enterprise system testing, distributed network systems testing, evaluation and logistics services to the US Army and other agencies in the US Department of Defense. "Navistar Defense has been awarded a contract to supply 115 medium tactical vehicles to the Government of Iraq, under a foreign military sales programme, by January 2018." Navistar Defense has been awarded a contract to supply 115 medium tactical vehicles to the Government of Iraq, under a foreign military sales programme, by January 2018. Awarded by the US Army Contracting Command, the scope of the contract covers manufacture and delivery of 115 medium tactical vehicles. Leidos has received a $21.12m contract from the US Army Contracting Command to deliver a Saturn Arch-configured aircraft by June 2018. The scope of the contract covers design, manufacture, test and delivery of a single Saturn Arch-configured aircraft. The US Missile Defense Agency has awarded a five-year contract modification worth $1.088bn to The Boeing Company for the development of Redesigned Kill Vehicle (RKV). Boeing will perform development, testing and integration of payloads with the ground-based interceptor (GBI) and ground-based midcourse defense (GMD), and production of RKVs, as part of the contract. Share Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest army industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Contact us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.army-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
Executive Mosaic GovCon Wire ExecutiveBiz GovCon Executive GovCon Exec Magazine POC Executive Gov Latest News Acquisition & Procurement Civilian Agencies Defense & National Security Technology Health IT Profiles About Us Contact Us Home / Defense & National Security / Lt. Gen. Arnold Bunch Explains USAF Decision to Let L3 Pick New Electronic Attack Aircraft at Congressional Hearing Lt. Gen. Arnold Bunch Explains USAF Decision to Let L3 Pick New Electronic Attack Aircraft at Congressional Hearing Jane Edwards May 26, 2017 Defense & National Security, Latest News 25 Views Arnold Bunch Lt. Gen. Arnold Bunch, military deputy of the U.S. Air Force’s acquisition office, has said the service branch’s decision to award L3 Technologies a contract to perform systems integration work on the Compass Call electronic attack aircraft recapitalization program stems from the company’s familiarity with the mission equipment, Defense News reported Thursday. The Air Force announced plans earlier this month to authorize L3 to decide on a new aircraft that will replace the military branch’s fleet of EC-130H Compass Call planes and host the 10 existing electronic warfare and mission platforms. “L3 has played that role as the systems integrator as we have modernized these aircraft for the last 15 years,” Bunch told lawmakers during a congressional hearing Thursday. “They are the ones that are very familiar with the mission equipment that is on there,” he added. Bunch noted the service will thoroughly evaluate the aircraft selection process “to ensure that it was comprehensive, impartial and compliant with all the applicable statutes and regulations.” His remarks came days after Boeing challenged the Air Force’s award of the systems integration contract to L3 through a protest filed with the Government Accountability Office on May 19, Defense One reported Wednesday. “The Air Force’s approach is inconsistent with Congress’s direction in the 2017 [National Defense Authorization Act] and seems to ignore inherent and obvious conflicts of interest,” Caroline Hutcheson, a spokeswoman for Boeing, said in an email statement. “We believe that the U.S. Air Force and taxpayer would be best served by a fair and open competition, and that the Air Force can still meet its stated timeline of replacing the aging fleet of EC-130Hs within 10 years,” Hutcheson added. GAO is expected to decide on the protest by Aug. 28, the report added. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags 2017 NDAA Arnold Bunch Boeing Caroline Hutcheson Compass Call recapitalization program EC-130H Compass Call electronic attack aircraft featured GAO govcon Government Accountability Office L3 Technologies systems integration U.S. Air Force Related Articles Vice Adm. David Lewis Succeeds Lt. Gen. Wendy Masiello as DCMA Director May 26, 2017 Report: President Trump Urges NATO Members to Boost Defense Spending May 26, 2017 Financial Mgmt Pro David Norquist Confirmed as Pentagon’s Comptroller May 26, 2017 Check Also Vice Adm. Mathias Winter Assumes F-35 Joint Program Office Leadership Navy Vice Adm. Mathias Winter, formerly deputy program executive officer for the Defense Department‘s F-35 joint program office, has … Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Newsletter Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Recent Posts Vice Adm. David Lewis Succeeds Lt. Gen. Wendy Masiello as DCMA Director Report: President Trump Urges NATO Members to Boost Defense Spending Financial Mgmt Pro David Norquist Confirmed as Pentagon’s Comptroller Lt. Gen. Arnold Bunch Explains USAF Decision to Let L3 Pick New Electronic Attack Aircraft at Congressional Hearing Vice Adm. Mathias Winter Assumes F-35 Joint Program Office Leadership Archives Archives Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 GovConWire CACI Unveils Expanded COO Role for John Mengucci; Ken Asbury Comments Unisys Federal Names BD Executive for DHS Programs; PV Puvvada Comments SAIC to Provide IT Services to EPA Under $320M Task Order; Bob Genter Comments AT&T Secures $119M GSA Task Order for Updates to CDC Comms Systems; Mike Leff Comments Jacobs Secures $130M Contract to Support Army Electronic Proving Ground; Darren Kraabel Comments SAP NS2’s Mark Testoni Urges Better Protection, Management of Legacy Systems Fortinet Names Former NSA, Commerce Officials as Directors for Newly Launched Federal Business DSCA Names Lockheed, Raytheon Prime Contractors on Potential $2B Missile Sale to UAE Angie Casper Joins LMI as SVP, Chief Human Resource Officer Booz Allen Names Retired Army General as Senior Exec Adviser, ‘Defense Futures’ Fellow Sponsor About ExecutiveGov ExecutiveGov, published by Executive Mosaic, is a site dedicated to the news and headlines in the federal government. ExecutiveGov serves as a news source for the hot topics and issues facing federal government departments and agencies such as Gov 2.0, cybersecurity policy, health IT, green IT and national security. We also aim to spotlight various federal government employees and interview key government executives whose impact resonates beyond their agency. ExecutiveBiz CACI Unveils Expanded COO Role for John Mengucci; Ken Asbury Comments Unisys Federal Names BD Executive for DHS Programs; PV Puvvada Comments SAIC to Provide IT Services to EPA Under $320M Task Order; Bob Genter Comments AT&T Secures $119M GSA Task Order for Updates to CDC Comms Systems; Mike Leff Comments Jacobs Secures $130M Contract to Support Army Electronic Proving Ground; Darren Kraabel Comments SAP NS2’s Mark Testoni Urges Better Protection, Management of Legacy Systems @Follow Me .@Speedcast_Intl, #COMSAT team to offer Ku-band network services for govt & maritime markets #GovCon https://t.co/zeoJQpARry42 mins ago .@Qinetiq, @RockwellCollins partner to develop satellite navigation technology, service offerings #GovCon https://t.co/yXmC495UyA50 mins ago .@Accenture: 66% of public service tech leaders eye public-private partnerships to advance service delivery #GovCon https://t.co/7Q7tFc0Fqn1 hour ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Opinion CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Home Opinion Using the wrong emoji can cost you — literally A recent case in the Israeli courts saw a defendant pay $3000 over a few texts and emojis By Ramona Pringle, for CBC News Posted: May 26, 2017 5:00 AM ET Last Updated: May 26, 2017 5:00 AM ET While this all might seem a little silly, it signals a not-so-silly shift in the way communication is changing. About The Author Ramona Pringle Technology Columnist Ramona Pringle is an associate professor in the RTA School of Media and director of the Transmedia Zone at Ryerson University. She is a CBC contributor who writes and reports on the relationship between people and technology. Related Stories Google cares about emoji equality, but does it really matter? Gettin' QWERTY with it: Why the physical phone keyboard still matters to some Imagine if an emoji — one casually fired off in a text-message conversation — ended up costing the sender thousands of dollars. Or $3,000, to be exact. That's what happened in Israel recently, after a judge determined that a message containing a string of emojis conveyed clear intent.   The case was a dispute over rent. A landlord placed an ad for his apartment online, and a prospective renter sent the landlord a series of texts, including one that read, "Good morning — <smiley face> — we want the house — <flamenco dancer>, <dancing girls>, <peace sign>, <comet>, <squirrel>, <champagne bottle> —  just need to go over the details…When suits you?" Based on this and a few other texts, the landlord removed the listing, presuming the renter's intent to take the apartment. But the renter didn't follow up and never signed any documents. In fact, she disappeared after a few days of communication, which eventually led to this lawsuit. According to the judge's ruling, the text messages — and the emojis, in particular — signalled clear interest on the part of the renter: "The…text message sent by defendant…included a smiley, a bottle of champagne, dancing figures and more,"  he wrote. "These icons convey great optimism. Although this message did not constitute a binding contract between the parties, this message naturally led to the plaintiff's great reliance on the defendants' desire to rent his apartment…These symbols, which convey to the other side that everything is in order, were misleading." The decision also made note of the consistency of the emoji use: "The festive icons at the beginning of the negotiations...and those smileys at the end of the negotiations...misled the plaintiff to think the defendants were still interested in his apartment. [They] support the conclusion that the defendants acted in bad faith in the negotiations." The judge ordered the defendant to pay the equivalent of just over $3,000 Canadian dollars. Shifting communication While this all might seem a little silly, it signals a not-so-silly shift in the way communication is changing. Short messages can deliver major consequences. Images, emojis and 140-character messages carry weight like never before. The president of the United States, for example, can send markets tumbling or put foreign leaders on alert with just a short burst on Twitter, his platform of choice. And every few months, a scandal hits the headlines in which someone has resigned from his or her job based on a tweet —presumably, one issued with hardly a second thought.   Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!— @realDonaldTrump But this ruling on emojis has set a totally new precedent and raised all sorts of new questions. Top of mind is this: who decides what a particular emoji means? While some are very clear — it's easy to make the argument that a champagne bottle says, "Let's pop open the bubbly to celebrate our new home!" —  many others are open to vast interpretation. For instance, what was the meaning of the squirrel emoji in the renter's text? Or what if someone sends someone else a water gun emoji — could that constitute a threat? And doesn't the commonly used grimacing face look an awful lot like a happy smile? The answer, of course, is that there is no objective answer — not yet. Which means we need to be ever more vigilant in taking that extra second before we hit "enter" to decide if that tweet, or text, or emoji is the one we really want to send. As we know, the consequences can sometimes be <dollar bills> emoji. This column is part of CBC's Opinion section. For more information about this section, please read this editor's blog and our FAQ. Report Typo or Error Send Feedback To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Comments FAQ Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines. Latest News Conservative leadership candidates stress unity and core values in final speeches Jared Kushner had undisclosed contacts with Russian envoy: sources audio World OutGames unravel hours before they were set to begin, prompt fraud investigation ‘It’s not human what happened to us’: Surviving Dionne quintuplets hope to preserve childhood home as warning Zbigniew Brzezinski, national security adviser to Jimmy Carter, dies CBC Ombudsman Read our journalistic standards and practices and see recent reviews by the ombudsman LATEST REVIEW: Quotation & Interpretation - The case of Senator Beyak and residential schools. Don't Miss Conservative leadership candidates stress unity and core values in final speeches Jared Kushner had undisclosed contacts with Russian envoy: sources World OutGames unravel hours before they were set to begin, prompt fraud investigation Last surviving Dionne quintuplets hope to preserve childhood home Zbigniew Brzezinski, national security adviser to Jimmy Carter, dies Egypt strikes Libya after deadly bus attack against Christians Manchester tattoo parlours buzzing as people commemorate attack with ink People stealing millions of litres of water from GTA fire hydrants Rear admiral apologizes to Indigenous recruits for sailor's 'war cry' insult Analysis Christy Clark gets 1st chance to govern — but how long can it last? Alberta woman kidnapped, held for 5 days in South Carolina trailer 911 operator who told Winnipeg mail carrier to give CPR followed rules, city says Endangered turtles saved by citizens of Ontario hamlet Ariana Grande plans to hold benefit concert in Manchester Rise of social media leads to flood of child porn images Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Volunteers at the Historic Flight Foundation wheel out the newest addition to the collection, a de Havilland Dragon Rapide. The wood-and-fabric airplane was a popular airliner in the 1930s and saw extensive military service with the Royal Air Force during World War II. Only 12 of the 731 built remain. (Dan Catchpole / The Herald) Aerospace blog Paine Field museum scores rare 1930s de Havilland airplane Dan Catchpole Mon May 22nd, 2017 1:30am News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. MUKILTEO — One of the rarest aircraft in the world recently landed at Paine Field’s Historic Flight Foundation in Mukilteo. The museum added a 1930s-era airliner, the de Havilland Dragon Rapide. The sleek airplane is a jewel in the foundation’s collection of vintage airplanes, which date from the end of the barnstormer days in the late 1920s to the beginning of commercial jet age in the late 1950s. The Dragon Rapide “defines the end of an era” when planes were made with wood and fabric, said John Sessions, the Historic Flight Foundation’s owner and founder. The plane’s durability and reliability meant airlines could stick to regularly scheduled flights, launching a new era of air travel, he said. The Dragon Rapide first flew April 17, 1934, at the Hatfield Aerodrome north of London. It was designed by Geoffrey de Havilland, one of the most influential airplane designers of the 20th century. It quickly proved popular with airlines and even with a member of the United Kingdom’s royal family. Edward, Prince of Wales, used one of the twin-engine biplanes for official travel, including to fly to London for his coronation (as Edward VIII) in 1936. De Havilland built 731 of the airplanes. Many were delivered to the Royal Air Force during World War II. The military version was dubbed the Dominie. The airplane, which had one pilot and carried eight passengers, helped connect the farflung British Empire. The flight from London to Cape Town, South Africa, took 10 days with 23 stops, but was still faster than going by boat. They surely were “intrepid passengers,” Sessions said. “Some of those stops must have been pretty sketchy.” Sessions opened the Historic Flight Foundation in 2010 to celebrate the innovation and creativity that fueled a golden age of propeller-powered airplanes. The period is bookmarked by pivotal moments — Charles Lindbergh’s crossing of the Atlantic in 1927 and the development of Boeing’s 707, the first commercially successful jetliner in the 1950s. The museum is open to the public year round. All the planes in the collection have been restored to original flying condition. The foundation’s Dragon Rapide was built in 1944 for the Royal Air Force. After the war, it was converted into an airliner and used by British European Airways until 1953. For the next 18 years, it was used for aerial surveying of major public projects, such as highway and seaport construction. The aging plane was next shipped across the Atlantic in 1971, to the Experimental Aircraft Association Museum in Oshkosh, Wisconsin. The Dragon Rapide remained on display until late 1997, when a private collector in California, William ‘Bud’ Field, bought it and moved it to the West Coast. After Field died in 2010, the plane stayed in storage as part of his estate. When Sessions learned of the airplane’s existence, he contacted Field’s family and asked about acquiring the historic airplane. He declined to say how much he paid for the plane. Earlier this year, he took off in the Dragon Rapide from Davis, California, and turned north. Flying into Oregon, he felt an unusual vibration. He set down in Medford, and inspected the plane. A key part of the left engine had failed, causing a significant drop in power. The plane stayed in Medford until spare parts arrived from the U.K. Sessions flew it to Paine Field in early spring. The Dragon Rapide is slated to head out soon to British Columbia, where it will be overhauled by a restoration company, Sealand Aviation. The plane will be painted in either its World War II colors or as it would have looked during its days with British European Airways. Mechanics also will painstakingly inspect the airplane and replace any questionable parts, Sessions said. “You can only be wrong once in these old airplanes.” Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @dcatchpole.   The de Havilland Dragon Rapide had a cramped interior, with room for one pilot and up to eight passengers. The twin-engine biplane helped connect the British Empire in the 1930s. The Historic Flight Foundation at Paine Field has one of 12 left in the world. (Dan Catchpole / The Herald) The Historic Flight Foundation’s de Havilland Dragon Rapide is still in flying condition despite being more than 70 years old. The recently-acquired airplane is scheduled to be extensively restored this summer in British Columbia and then returned to Paine Field. (Historic Flight Foundation)   Most Read Marysville man pleads guilty to raping 11-year-old girl EVERETT — A Marysville man has admitted to raping an 11-year-old neighbor… May 25th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Rotary scholarships: Thousands of dollars for dozens of kids MARYSVILLE — There were lots of smiles. Excited claps. Some nerves showing… May 25th, 2017 by Melissa Slager Group to help Casino Road area of Everett with $700,000 EVERETT — Efforts to improve the lives of people in south Everett… May 25th, 2017 by Chris Winters Corrections deputy admits to misconduct with inmate EVERETT — A Snohomish County corrections deputy admitted Wednesday to engaging in… May 25th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Trump budget slashes $1.1B needed for Lynnwood light rail LYNNWOOD — Getting light rail to Lynnwood again appears in doubt after… May 25th, 2017 by Noah Haglund © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Man kills father over domestic row Business Standard Singapore's BOC Aviation orders six Airbus jets worth $1.05 bn AFP  |  Singapore  May 26, 2017 Last Updated at 11:02 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVoBB9 ALSO READ BRICS bank approves USD 75 mn loan for solar project in China China offers 100 billion yuan for new Silk Road initiative Spoors Tech to expand client base in Africa, Europe and APAC World Bank announces USD 57 bln in financing for Africa S Africa deputy president says cabinet purge 'unacceptable' Singapore-based aircraft leasing firm BOC Aviation said today it has ordered six new Airbus planes worth around $1.05 billion. The order comprises four planes from the A320 NEO family and two Airbus A330-900 aircraft, the leasing company said in a statement. "All six Airbus aircraft have been committed for lease to Portugal's flag-carrier TAP Portugal and will be delivered between 2018 and 2020," BOC said in a statement. Steven Townend, chief commercial officer for Europe, the Americas and Africa at BOC, said the deal with TAP Portugal "represents yet another new European customer" that will help it further expand its portfolio. TAP Portugal vice president for finance Teresa Lopes said the airline's fleet renewal plan includes "53 brand new" Airbus NEO aircraft. BOC Aviation, owned by Bank of China, is based in Singapore with offices in Dublin, London, Seattle and Tianjin. It is a key customer for both Airbus, based in France, and US rival Boeing. In January last year, it announced an order for 30 Airbus A320s worth more than $3 billion to meet growing demand. In March this year, it announced an order for 13 new Boeing 737 MAX 8 planes worth a total of $1.4 billion. This was on top of an order announced in November 2015 for 22 Boeing 737 planes worth $2.27 billion. The single-aisle A320 and B737 families are popular choices among low-cost carriers. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Singapore | Africa | Bank | China | Europe | Finance | London | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Singapore's BOC Aviation orders six Airbus jets worth $1.05 bn Singapore-based aircraft leasing firm BOC Aviation said today it has ordered six new Airbus planes worth around $1.05 billion. The order comprises four planes from the A320 NEO family and two Airbus A330-900 aircraft, the leasing company said in a statement. "All six Airbus aircraft have been committed for lease to Portugal's flag-carrier TAP Portugal and will be delivered between 2018 and 2020," BOC said in a statement. Steven Townend, chief commercial officer for Europe, the Americas and Africa at BOC, said the deal with TAP Portugal "represents yet another new European customer" that will help it further expand its portfolio. TAP Portugal vice president for finance Teresa Lopes said the airline's fleet renewal plan includes "53 brand new" Airbus NEO aircraft. BOC Aviation, owned by Bank of China, is based in Singapore with offices in Dublin, London, Seattle and Tianjin. It is a key customer for both Airbus, based in France, and US rival Boeing. In January last year, it ... Singapore-based aircraft leasing firm BOC Aviation said today it has ordered six new Airbus planes worth around $1.05 billion. The order comprises four planes from the A320 NEO family and two Airbus A330-900 aircraft, the leasing company said in a statement. "All six Airbus aircraft have been committed for lease to Portugal's flag-carrier TAP Portugal and will be delivered between 2018 and 2020," BOC said in a statement. Steven Townend, chief commercial officer for Europe, the Americas and Africa at BOC, said the deal with TAP Portugal "represents yet another new European customer" that will help it further expand its portfolio. TAP Portugal vice president for finance Teresa Lopes said the airline's fleet renewal plan includes "53 brand new" Airbus NEO aircraft. BOC Aviation, owned by Bank of China, is based in Singapore with offices in Dublin, London, Seattle and Tianjin. It is a key customer for both Airbus, based in France, and US rival Boeing. In January last year, it announced an order for 30 Airbus A320s worth more than $3 billion to meet growing demand. In March this year, it announced an order for 13 new Boeing 737 MAX 8 planes worth a total of $1.4 billion. This was on top of an order announced in November 2015 for 22 Boeing 737 planes worth $2.27 billion. The single-aisle A320 and B737 families are popular choices among low-cost carriers. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Singapore's BOC Aviation orders six Airbus jets worth $1.05 bn Singapore-based aircraft leasing firm BOC Aviation said today it has ordered six new Airbus planes worth around $1.05 billion. The order comprises four planes from the A320 NEO family and two Airbus A330-900 aircraft, the leasing company said in a statement. "All six Airbus aircraft have been committed for lease to Portugal's flag-carrier TAP Portugal and will be delivered between 2018 and 2020," BOC said in a statement. Steven Townend, chief commercial officer for Europe, the Americas and Africa at BOC, said the deal with TAP Portugal "represents yet another new European customer" that will help it further expand its portfolio. TAP Portugal vice president for finance Teresa Lopes said the airline's fleet renewal plan includes "53 brand new" Airbus NEO aircraft. BOC Aviation, owned by Bank of China, is based in Singapore with offices in Dublin, London, Seattle and Tianjin. It is a key customer for both Airbus, based in France, and US rival Boeing. In January last year, it announced an order for 30 Airbus A320s worth more than $3 billion to meet growing demand. In March this year, it announced an order for 13 new Boeing 737 MAX 8 planes worth a total of $1.4 billion. This was on top of an order announced in November 2015 for 22 Boeing 737 planes worth $2.27 billion. The single-aisle A320 and B737 families are popular choices among low-cost carriers. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  

Photos Videos Topics Live BAN 271/5 (48.2) - NZ 270/8 (50) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# 3 years of Modi govt Manchester terror attack Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Business News Singapore's BOC Aviation orders six Airbus jets worth $1.05 bn Shares0 Fri, 26 May 2017-11:05am , PTI Singapore-based aircraft leasing firm BOC Aviation said today it has ordered six new Airbus planes worth around $1.05 billion. The order comprises four planes from the A320 NEO family and two Airbus A330-900 aircraft, the leasing company said in a statement. "All six Airbus aircraft have been committed for lease to Portugal's flag-carrier TAP Portugal and will be delivered between 2018 and 2020," BOC said in a statement. Steven Townend, chief commercial officer for Europe, the Americas and Africa at BOC, said the deal with TAP Portugal "represents yet another new European customer" that will help it further expand its portfolio. TAP Portugal vice president for finance Teresa Lopes said the airline's fleet renewal plan includes "53 brand new" Airbus NEO aircraft. BOC Aviation, owned by Bank of China, is based in Singapore with offices in Dublin, London, Seattle and Tianjin. It is a key customer for both Airbus, based in France, and US rival Boeing. In January last year, it announced an order for 30 Airbus A320s worth more than $3 billion to meet growing demand. In March this year, it announced an order for 13 new Boeing 737 MAX 8 planes worth a total of $1.4 billion. This was on top of an order announced in November 2015 for 22 Boeing 737 planes worth $2.27 billion. The single-aisle A320 and B737 families are popular choices among low-cost carriers. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Business Govt to raise Rs 6000 cr by selling 3% stake in IOC to Goldman Sachs, Citigroup Business Sensex closes over 31,000-mark for first time, Nifty nears 9,600 to set all-time high Business Sad over recent IT layoffs, says Infosys founder chairman Narayana Murthy Business IiAS' report on JK House sale 'incorrect': Raymond Business 'Sath hai, vishwas hai': Concrete steps have transformed lives of people, says PM Modi on 3rd anniversary Personal Finance Sensex, Nifty hit record high; markets witness strong opening Live Cricket Score Live BAN 271/5 (48.2) BAN beat NZ by 5 wickets NZ 270/8 (50) Full Scorecard | Commentary Bangladesh vs Pakistan Sat, 27 May 2017, 03:00 PM IST England vs South Africa Sat, 27 May 2017, 03:30 PM IST Related India retains tag of world's top most greenfield FDI destination Texmaco gets a pie of Rs 40,000 crore GE and Alstom contracts Geopolitical woes hit St; Sensex tanks 206 points Zee Biz Originals View all Peak streaming time for Indian viewers at 5pm, says Netflix Debt Trap: Follow these simple steps to keep your EMIs in check GST: Companies are most likely to fatten their profits than pass on benefit on lower tax to consumers Fashion and apparel: Are men shopping more than women online? Video WATCH: Priyanka Chopra PROPOSES to Tupac, BEATS up a clown, does the Baywatch run and more.... WATCH | Manchester Terror Attacks: Islamic State claims responsibility, says it was revenge for attacks on 'Muslim lands' WATCH| US President Donald Trump seems right at home dancing with swords in Saudi Arabia View all Tags United States Airbus BOC Aviation Portugal Boeing Europe Singapore Africa Americas Bank of China Dublin France London Seattle Tianjin SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Philippine military bomb Islamist militants in urban battle Despite being denied permission, Rahul leaves for Saharanpur Top China official says Hong Kong's autonomy is not a licence to challenge Beijing Dozens dead in Afghanistan violence as Ramadan begins Crack noticed on railway track between Adina-Eklakhi stations Sport Take That donate concert profits to Manchester victims Tanishq, Aarya top seeds in sub-junior badminton championship Champions Trophy: Focus on Ashwin, Shami as India take on New Zealand in opening warm-up Monaco's Bernardo Silva signs five-year deal with Man City Focus on Ashwin, Shami as India take on NZ in opening warm-up Entertainment VJ Anusha Dandekar was SLUT SHAMED for her Instagram picture, here's how Karan Kundra SLAMMED the haters! Here's the TRUTH behind rumours that claim Shewta Tiwari is dead! THIRUVANANTHAPURAM, MAY 27 (PTI): FOLLOWING ARE THE Ariana Grande to perform benefit concert in Manchester Post his INJURY on 'Padmavati' sets, Ranveer Singh SPOTTED taking off for a vacay, Check pics Money Pulses: A weak trend prevailed at the wholesale pulses Grains: The wholesale grains market remained weak for the Indian-American Businessman Nitin Khanna enters California with his Brazil's JBS says Batista brothers resign from the board Wall St Weekahead-Switch it up this year: Buy in May, till November stay Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Singapore-based BOC Aviation orders six Airbus jets for US$1.05b Friday May 26, 2017 01:05 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Warsaw museum showcases remains of destroyed city Grief, rage in Egyptian church after Copts attacked Vida’s Qu Gebu AP Krim, six other cosmetics declared poisonous The Edit: ‘Iron Man’ has high hopes for jet suit Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The Airbus aircraft order by Singapore-based BOC Aviation includes four A320 NEOs (above). — Reuters picSINGAPORE, May 26 — Singapore-based aircraft leasing firm BOC Aviation said today it has ordered six new Airbus planes worth around US$1.05 billion (RM4.5 billion). The order comprises four planes from the A320 NEO family and two Airbus A330-900 aircraft, the leasing company said in a statement. “All six Airbus aircraft have been committed for lease to Portugal’s flag-carrier TAP Portugal and will be delivered between 2018 and 2020,” BOC said in a statement. Steven Townend, chief commercial officer for Europe, the Americas and Africa at BOC, said the deal with TAP Portugal "represents yet another new European customer" that will help it further expand its portfolio. TAP Portugal vice president for finance Teresa Lopes said the airline's fleet renewal plan includes “53 brand new” Airbus NEO aircraft. BOC Aviation, owned by Bank of China, is based in Singapore with offices in Dublin, London, Seattle and Tianjin. It is a key customer for both Airbus, based in France, and US rival Boeing. In January last year, it announced an order for 30 Airbus A320s worth more than US$3 billion to meet growing demand. In March this year, it announced an order for 13 new Boeing 737 MAX 8 planes worth a total of US$1.4 billion. This was on top of an order announced in November 2015 for 22 Boeing 737 planes worth US$2.27 billion. The single-aisle A320 and B737 families are popular choices among low-cost carriers. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Ringgit to maintain strength with upside bias next week Ringgit jumps on Opec, yuan at three-month high, other Asian currencies drift Bursa to trend higher, test 1,800 level next week Oil rebounds but ends week lower as Opec cuts disappoint Yen driven up by lower US bond yields, pound shaken by polls Singapore court fines ex-broker for corruption in 1MDB probe IRB hits Magnum, subsidiary with RM476m penalty Chinese automaker Geely takes 49.9pc stake in Proton Bank Negara’s MyClear merges with MEPS to form PayNet Chinese carmaker Geely to acquire Malaysia’s Proton, sources say Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: Clinton predicts impeachment for Trump Reuters Video: Britain's 'Iron Man' breaks his own jet-suit speed record Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Aircraft leasing firm BOC Aviation places order for 22 Boeing B737s Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Business Home LBoard US lobby claim: Rafizi dares Najib to file police report FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Singapore’s BOC Aviation orders six Airbus jets worth US$1.05 billion AFP | May 26, 2017 The order comprises four planes from the A320 NEO family and two Airbus A330-900 aircraft, the leasing company said in a statement. SINGAPORE: Singapore-based aircraft leasing firm BOC Aviation said Friday it has ordered six new Airbus planes worth around $1.05 billion. The order comprises four planes from the A320 NEO family and two Airbus A330-900 aircraft, the leasing company said in a statement. “All six Airbus aircraft have been committed for lease to Portugal’s flag-carrier TAP Portugal and will be delivered between 2018 and 2020,” BOC said in a statement. Steven Townend, chief commercial officer for Europe, the Americas and Africa at BOC, said the deal with TAP Portugal “represents yet another new European customer” that will help it further expand its portfolio. TAP Portugal vice president for finance Teresa Lopes said the airline’s fleet renewal plan includes “53 brand new” Airbus NEO aircraft. BOC Aviation, owned by Bank of China, is based in Singapore with offices in Dublin, London, Seattle and Tianjin. It is a key customer for both Airbus, based in France, and US rival Boeing. In January last year, it announced an order for 30 Airbus A320s worth more than $3 billion to meet growing demand. In March this year, it announced an order for 13 new Boeing 737 MAX 8 planes worth a total of $1.4 billion. This was on top of an order announced in November 2015 for 22 Boeing 737 planes worth $2.27 billion. The single-aisle A320 and B737 families are popular choices among low-cost carriers. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Siapa di sebalik syarikat Godfrey bayar RM1 juta kepada pelobi Trump? Buruan ratu cantik Jumbo Queen 2017 bermula ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Raising RM60,000 through crowd-funding? ‘Non-Muslims always welcome to break fast with… Penang hotel sees red over beer-for-semen party flyer JJPTR founder lying low for safety reasons, says lawyer Jilted lover humiliates ex-girlfriend with nude photo Health ministry bans 7 cosmetics products containing poison Kit Siang slams Annuar Musa over prize for… Kit Siang timbang saman, mahu Annuar jawab 3 soalan Protesters tell Guan Eng to skip ‘buka puasa’ events Respect traffic rules near Ramadan bazaars ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Respect traffic rules near Ramadan bazaars It’s wrong of Abang Johari to suspend oil royalty talks A contest to label someone a racist is stupid Is it all about the PM only? Malaysia dan nuklear? Ini syaratnya Di sebalik dakapan Saudi-Trump, sejarah ganas Wahhabisme More... FMT Bahasa Pengasas JJPTR bersembunyi demi keselamatan, kata peguam 10 termasuk 2 OCPD bebas dengan jaminan SPRM Zahid: 2 rakyat Malaysia terbunuh di Mindanao cari jalan singkat ke syurga Bekas pensyarah UM Dr Mahmud bakal ketua IS di selatan Filipina? Keluar parti taktik ‘bunuh’ PPBM menjelang PRU14 Isu lobi: Rafizi cabar Najib buat laporan polis bersihkan nama More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 72° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine. A stray severe thunderstorm is possible. High 87F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Thunderstorms in the evening will give way to cloudy skies overnight. A few storms may be severe. Low 66F. Winds S at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall near an inch. Updated: May 27, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Law and order Close 1 of 7 Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson A bullet hole can be seen in a street light in the alley of 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis where a double shooting happened on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Casey Lowery is charged with murder in the first degree and one count of armed criminal action in St. Louis County; he was arrested walking naked along a Tennessee highway.  Two deadly shootings, one suspect arrested in attacks in St. Louis city and county By Christine Byers and Kim Bell St. Louis Post-Dispatch 18 hrs ago (…) Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson A bullet hole can be seen in a street light in the alley of 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis where a double shooting happened on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com UPDATES with background on suspect's criminal history A St. Louis man was charged late Thursday in a fatal shooting that police believe was linked to another one in St. Louis earlier in the day. Police said Casey Lowery, 36, was arrested about 10 p.m. Thursday. No other details were immediately available. Two people were killed and one critically injured in the separate shootings. Police said Lowery has been charged with first-degree murder in the fatal shooting in the 3600 block of Dunn Road. Police early Friday identified the victim as Andre Jones, 28 of the 1600 block of Hudson Road in Dellwood. +6  Casey Lowery is charged with murder in the first degree and one count of armed criminal action in St. Louis County; he was arrested walking naked along a Tennessee highway.  Lowery’s address is in the 1100 block of Howell Street in St. Louis. That address is a block from the scene of the first fatal shooting. About 8:30 a.m., a man shot a homeowner in the head in an alley in the 1100 block of Canaan Avenue, critically injuring him in front of an Ameren subcontractor. When police arrived, they found a woman who had been shot nearby. She was taken to a hospital, where she was pronounced dead. The woman was identified as Keiva Jones, 29. She lived in the same block as the shooting. The homeowner, a man in his 50s, was in critical and unstable condition at a hospital. Witnesses told police the victims were in a relationship, according to a source. About 8:45 a.m. and about four miles away, a gunman opened fire on a vehicle on a Conoco gas station parking lot in unincorporated St. Louis County, wounding a motorist. He died at a nearby hospital, police said. After the shots were fired, both the shooter’s vehicle and victim’s vehicle were seen driving off the lot in the 3600 block of Dunn Road. The victim, a man, was shot at least once, according to St. Louis County police. Police do not know how many people were inside either vehicle when the shooting occurred. In both the Baden and St. Louis County cases, the shooter’s vehicle was described as a mid-’90s blue pickup with a camper shell, prompting police to believe the shootings may be connected. Security officers at Boeing in Berkeley called Berkeley police shortly after 9 a.m. to report that a truck had “blown through” several security checkpoints, said Police Chief Art Jackson. The driver did not cause any damage and escaped. The truck matched the description of the shooter’s vehicle that St. Louis County police then shared with surrounding agencies, Jackson said. St. Louis police spokeswoman Leah Freeman said in a statement that police believe the shootings are connected. Lt. John Green, commander of the St. Louis Police Department’s homicide division, gave this account of the Baden shooting: The utility worker, an electrician, showed up at a home on Canaan after a homeowner complained about a burned-out street light in the alley. The worker talked to the homeowner and they stood in the alley looking at the light that needed repairs. Another man, who was a stranger to the utility worker, walked up and began talking to the homeowner. The two men shook hands and talked as if they knew each other. The man who had just walked up pulled a gun and fired a shot at the broken light. “You didn’t need to do that,” the utility worker told the shooter. He told the gunman that he was preparing to fix it. With that, the shooter fired his gun at the homeowner, striking him in the head, and the worker ran to his truck to escape, Green said. The utility worker parked a block or two away, in a spot he considered safe, so he could make a phone call. He had the homeowner’s cellphone number from the work order form, so he tried calling the homeowner. When he looked up, the shooter was standing outside his vehicle. The shooter demanded his phone, then drove away. The utility worker returned to the scene about two hours later to walk the alley with detectives, describing the incident. The woman’s body was found by police when they arrived to investigate. The worker never saw the woman, and police have found no witnesses to her shooting, Green said. Neighbors said the male victim was known on the block to cut people’s grass and hold weekend parties to keep neighborhood children entertained. His home on Canaan, with a small blue plastic pool in the side yard, is about three houses from the vacant lot where he was shot. Crime in the Baden neighborhood is up nearly 25 percent in the last six months from the same period a year earlier. Suspect's background Besides the murder charge, Lowery's most recent criminal history includes two pending 2016 counts of domestic assault — one felony, one misdemeanor — in St. Louis Circuit Court. He posted 10 percent of a $15,000 bail in February and was released with an order to be fitted with a GPS tracker, court records say. Four days after his Feb. 10 release, St. Louis Circuit Judge Michael Stelzer issued an arrest warrant for Lowery's failure to appear in court and raised Lowery's bail to $25,000 cash because Lowery failed to get the GPS tracker, court records say. In March, after Lowery's lawyer filed a "notice of bond compliance," Stelzer quashed the arrest warrant and ordered Lowery to submit proof of GPS monitoring. It is not clear if he did so. Lowery's trial in the domestic assault case is set for July 3. Lowery also pleaded guilty to misdemeanor marijuana possession in the city in 2001, 2004 and 2007. He got a year's probation for the most recent case; 30 days in jail in the 2001 case and 60 days in jail for the 2004 case. He also has pending 2015 cases in Scott County, Mo., for drug distribution, unlawful use of drug paraphernalia and speeding. He posted bail in 2015 and was released. Denise Hollinshed of the Post-Dispatch contributed to this report. Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area St. Louis Crime Tracker 2017 St. Louis area homicide map The men Missouri has executed since 2000 Tags Homicide Ameren Utility Worker John Green St. Louis Police Department St. Louis County Police St. Louis Christine Byers Kim Bell Blue Pickup Baden Neighborhood Unincorporated St. Louis County Criminal Law Casey Lowery Law Police Art Jackson Crime Christine Byers Christine Byers is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Christine Byers Close Get email notifications on Christine Byers daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Christine Byers posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Christine Byers Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Kim Bell Kim Bell is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Kim Bell Close Get email notifications on Kim Bell daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Kim Bell posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Kim Bell Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Breaking News e-newsletter Breaking News from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Get breaking news delivered to your inbox as it develops. This field is required. Sign Up leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Most popular No degree. No skills. So how did she get a nursing job at a St. Louis hospital? Bloody 15 hours in St. Louis city, county leave 4 dead, 8 injured in separate shootings Trump's $4.1 trillion budget slashes Medicaid, food stamps Man performed 'wrestling moves' on 2-year-old before she died, Jefferson County deputies say Raids on St. Louis-area markets tied to illegal cigarette and K2 sales, sources say Follow us Latest in section Police say man is dead after exchange of gunfire with officers in south St. Louis Suspect in fatal shootings arrested walking naked along Tennessee road Belleville woman is charged with DUI in crash that killed husband, injured children Two shooting victims found in north St. Louis Murder charge filed in St. Louis against suspect in fatal shootings in city, county Quick links Current Affairs Government pay Lottery Obituaries Press releases Traffic map Take the dive of a lifetime and win prizes! Get your Father something cool! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 73° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine. A stray severe thunderstorm is possible. High 87F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Thunderstorms in the evening will give way to cloudy skies overnight. A few storms may be severe. Low 66F. Winds S at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall near an inch. Updated: May 26, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Law and order Close 1 of 7 Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson A bullet hole can be seen in a street light in the alley of 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis where a double shooting happened on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Casey Lowery is charged with murder in the first degree and one count of armed criminal action in St. Louis County; he was arrested walking naked along a Tennessee highway.  Two deadly shootings, one suspect arrested in attacks in St. Louis city and county By Christine Byers and Kim Bell St. Louis Post-Dispatch 18 hrs ago (…) Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson A bullet hole can be seen in a street light in the alley of 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis where a double shooting happened on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com UPDATES with background on suspect's criminal history A St. Louis man was charged late Thursday in a fatal shooting that police believe was linked to another one in St. Louis earlier in the day. Police said Casey Lowery, 36, was arrested about 10 p.m. Thursday. No other details were immediately available. Two people were killed and one critically injured in the separate shootings. Police said Lowery has been charged with first-degree murder in the fatal shooting in the 3600 block of Dunn Road. Police early Friday identified the victim as Andre Jones, 28 of the 1600 block of Hudson Road in Dellwood. +6  Casey Lowery is charged with murder in the first degree and one count of armed criminal action in St. Louis County; he was arrested walking naked along a Tennessee highway.  Lowery’s address is in the 1100 block of Howell Street in St. Louis. That address is a block from the scene of the first fatal shooting. About 8:30 a.m., a man shot a homeowner in the head in an alley in the 1100 block of Canaan Avenue, critically injuring him in front of an Ameren subcontractor. When police arrived, they found a woman who had been shot nearby. She was taken to a hospital, where she was pronounced dead. The woman was identified as Keiva Jones, 29. She lived in the same block as the shooting. The homeowner, a man in his 50s, was in critical and unstable condition at a hospital. Witnesses told police the victims were in a relationship, according to a source. About 8:45 a.m. and about four miles away, a gunman opened fire on a vehicle on a Conoco gas station parking lot in unincorporated St. Louis County, wounding a motorist. He died at a nearby hospital, police said. After the shots were fired, both the shooter’s vehicle and victim’s vehicle were seen driving off the lot in the 3600 block of Dunn Road. The victim, a man, was shot at least once, according to St. Louis County police. Police do not know how many people were inside either vehicle when the shooting occurred. In both the Baden and St. Louis County cases, the shooter’s vehicle was described as a mid-’90s blue pickup with a camper shell, prompting police to believe the shootings may be connected. Security officers at Boeing in Berkeley called Berkeley police shortly after 9 a.m. to report that a truck had “blown through” several security checkpoints, said Police Chief Art Jackson. The driver did not cause any damage and escaped. The truck matched the description of the shooter’s vehicle that St. Louis County police then shared with surrounding agencies, Jackson said. St. Louis police spokeswoman Leah Freeman said in a statement that police believe the shootings are connected. Lt. John Green, commander of the St. Louis Police Department’s homicide division, gave this account of the Baden shooting: The utility worker, an electrician, showed up at a home on Canaan after a homeowner complained about a burned-out street light in the alley. The worker talked to the homeowner and they stood in the alley looking at the light that needed repairs. Another man, who was a stranger to the utility worker, walked up and began talking to the homeowner. The two men shook hands and talked as if they knew each other. The man who had just walked up pulled a gun and fired a shot at the broken light. “You didn’t need to do that,” the utility worker told the shooter. He told the gunman that he was preparing to fix it. With that, the shooter fired his gun at the homeowner, striking him in the head, and the worker ran to his truck to escape, Green said. The utility worker parked a block or two away, in a spot he considered safe, so he could make a phone call. He had the homeowner’s cellphone number from the work order form, so he tried calling the homeowner. When he looked up, the shooter was standing outside his vehicle. The shooter demanded his phone, then drove away. The utility worker returned to the scene about two hours later to walk the alley with detectives, describing the incident. The woman’s body was found by police when they arrived to investigate. The worker never saw the woman, and police have found no witnesses to her shooting, Green said. Neighbors said the male victim was known on the block to cut people’s grass and hold weekend parties to keep neighborhood children entertained. His home on Canaan, with a small blue plastic pool in the side yard, is about three houses from the vacant lot where he was shot. Crime in the Baden neighborhood is up nearly 25 percent in the last six months from the same period a year earlier. Suspect's background Besides the murder charge, Lowery's most recent criminal history includes two pending 2016 counts of domestic assault — one felony, one misdemeanor — in St. Louis Circuit Court. He posted 10 percent of a $15,000 bail in February and was released with an order to be fitted with a GPS tracker, court records say. Four days after his Feb. 10 release, St. Louis Circuit Judge Michael Stelzer issued an arrest warrant for Lowery's failure to appear in court and raised Lowery's bail to $25,000 cash because Lowery failed to get the GPS tracker, court records say. In March, after Lowery's lawyer filed a "notice of bond compliance," Stelzer quashed the arrest warrant and ordered Lowery to submit proof of GPS monitoring. It is not clear if he did so. Lowery's trial in the domestic assault case is set for July 3. Lowery also pleaded guilty to misdemeanor marijuana possession in the city in 2001, 2004 and 2007. He got a year's probation for the most recent case; 30 days in jail in the 2001 case and 60 days in jail for the 2004 case. He also has pending 2015 cases in Scott County, Mo., for drug distribution, unlawful use of drug paraphernalia and speeding. He posted bail in 2015 and was released. Denise Hollinshed of the Post-Dispatch contributed to this report. St. Louis Crime Tracker The men Missouri has executed since 2000 More government data Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Tags Homicide Ameren Utility Worker John Green St. Louis Police Department St. Louis County Police St. Louis Christine Byers Kim Bell Blue Pickup Baden Neighborhood Unincorporated St. Louis County Criminal Law Casey Lowery Law Police Art Jackson Crime Christine Byers Christine Byers is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Christine Byers Close Get email notifications on Christine Byers daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Christine Byers posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Christine Byers Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Kim Bell Kim Bell is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Kim Bell Close Get email notifications on Kim Bell daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Kim Bell posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Kim Bell Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Breaking News e-newsletter Breaking News from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Get breaking news delivered to your inbox as it develops. This field is required. Sign Up leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Most popular No degree. No skills. So how did she get a nursing job at a St. Louis hospital? Bloody 15 hours in St. Louis city, county leave 4 dead, 8 injured in separate shootings Trump's $4.1 trillion budget slashes Medicaid, food stamps Man performed 'wrestling moves' on 2-year-old before she died, Jefferson County deputies say Raids on St. Louis-area markets tied to illegal cigarette and K2 sales, sources say Follow us Latest in section Police close Gravois, surround apartment building in south St. Louis Suspect in fatal shootings arrested walking naked along Tennessee road Belleville woman is charged with DUI in crash that killed husband, injured children Two shooting victims found in north St. Louis Murder charge filed in St. Louis against suspect in fatal shootings in city, county Quick links Current Affairs Government pay Lottery Obituaries Press releases Traffic map Take the dive of a lifetime and win prizes! Get your Father something cool! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Manchester Concert Explosion Bill Cosby Scandal TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Business News Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 21 2017, 9:36 am ET The Future of 21st Century Manufacturing Is Digital by Elizabeth Chmurak Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement Across America, manufacturing is changing from the traditional assembly line to the use of collaborative robots. By 2025, industrial robots are expected to perform 25 percent of tasks such as assembly, packaging, and material handling. "Instead of these old factories that are very laborious and have a lot of big machinery, manufacturing is going to look more like software, and have machines that are running off of digital files," said Jonathan Schwartz of Voodoo Manufacturing, a 3-D printing company in Brooklyn, New York. Schwartz and fellow co-founder Max Friefeld rely on 160 3-D printers to manufacture nearly 50 different projects, from key chains to T-Rex shower heads, all at once. Play Facebook Twitter Embed The Factory of the Future is Digital 3:32 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/949353539998" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> "We're focused on doing this at high volume, cost effectively," said Friefeld. "3-D printing used to be 10 units, 20 unit prototypes. Now we do thousands for every order." The Rebirth of Manufacturing Bringing manufacturing jobs back to the U.S. is a top priority for President Donald Trump, who has made "Buy American, Hire American" a key element in his pro-business agenda. However, the manufacturing industry is no longer what it used to be. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, 4.9 million manufacturing jobs have disappeared in the past 20 years — in part because of increased automation. Industry executives say today's manufacturing is about collaboration with innovation, and learning to work hand in hand with robots. Helping to take Voodoo to the next level of a modern-day factory is Jim Allen, director of manufacturing. "I think they're gonna adapt," he said of traditional manufacturing businesses. "There are examples of companies that have been tool and die, automotive, and other industries where [now] they're using robotics." Robots Create Jobs Voodoo isn't the only manufacturing company taking the leap into 3-D printing. Big brands such as GE, Adidas, Boeing, Ford, Nike, Hasbro, and Hershey's are also integrating the technology into their products. The fear of robots replacing humans in the manufacturing industry is a growing concern for millions of unemployed Americans. But Allen says there is a silver lining that comes with technological advances. "Because of automation, we're increasing our productivity. We're able to get more products out there at a lower cost at higher quality. Being able to do that increases demand, increased demand creates more jobs — so it's a self-fulfilling cycle of creating more jobs," said Allen. "We have to be competitive with the other processes and other countries. And that enables us to create more jobs." Elizabeth Chmurak Email Topic Business News First Published May 21 2017, 9:36 am ET Next Story Chipotle Says Hackers Hit Most Restaurants in Data Breach advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
TV Three Bravo Newshub ThreeNow TV Guide Radio The Edge More FM RadioLIVE The Rock George The Sound Mai The Breeze Magic Video Three Bravo NewsHub Edge TV The Rock More FM George TV Mai FM The Breeze News NZ News Enviro/Science Politcs Weather Sport Health World Money Sport Recipes The Breeze Fresh Win MediaWorks NZ Ltd More Weather RadioLIVE Listen Now Home NZ World Politics Sport Health Entertainment Money Shows Opinion Rocket Lab showered with meteors of praise for first flight 26/05/2017 Dan Satherley Rocket Lab may not have reached orbit in its first test flight, but New Zealand's first space company has been showered with praise for what it did achieve. The Electron rocket, powered by its 3D-printed Rutherford engine, made it into space - the first time anywhere in the world a rocket capable of reaching orbit has been launched from a private space facility, specifically the Mahia Peninsula in Hawke's Bay. "It has been an incredible day and I'm immensely proud of our talented team," said Peter Beck, Rocket Lab chief executive and founder. The fact something didn't quite go to plan, preventing the rocket from entering orbit, is likely to only be a small speed bump. "I know first-hand how incredibly hard it is to get something to space - a million things have to go right," said Dr George Sowers, former chief scientist of Boeing and Lockheed joint venture United Launch Alliance. "As a matter of statistics, the general record of the launch industry for first flights of a new rocket is around 50 percent. Success was certainly not guaranteed." Electron rocket (Rocket Lab / Facebook) Considering Rocket Lab's small team and their use of an all-new type of rocket and engine, that they made it into space on the first go was impressive enough, said Richard Easther, professor of physics at the University of Auckland. "Achieving orbit on the first try would be a fairytale result with any completely new launch vehicle, and Rocket Lab came tantalizingly close to pulling this off. This will stand as a major accomplishment." Mr Beck says Rocket Lab will now be poring over the data to find out what didn't work. "We have learnt so much through this test launch and will learn even more in the weeks to come." Two more test flights are scheduled this year. Do Rocket Lab's finances stack up? Kris Walsh, former project manager at United Launch Alliance and NASA launch director said Rocket Lab's decision to focus on smaller payloads - when compared with the likes of SpaceX - is not just good from a practical perspective, but a commercial one. "If Rocket Lab can quickly get reliable, on time launches, they can capture a market ignored by the current industry." Dr Sowers however says Rocket Lab will need to upscale its payloads if it hopes to remain commercially viable. "The southern latitude limits customers to high inclination orbits, precluding a portion of the market. It is also a long journey for American or European customers, representing most of the market." He also foresees strong competition from India and China. "If Rocket Lab succeeds, they will be the first commercial company to do so in the small market. Many have failed, including SpaceX, who discontinued the Falcon 1 small launcher after only a handful of launches." Newshub. Contact Terms and Conditions Advertise with Us Copyright © 2017 MediaWorks TV - All Rights Reserved Get in touch email facebook twitter
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals General Election 17 World Finance Celebrity Sport Science & Tech Motoring TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral US military training space warriors for 'extraterrestrial conflict' Agamoni Ghosh International Business Times 26 May 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Space aggressorsMore A real life Independence Day may not be far away. Only this time there is no defined threat the military is working against, although it is about "extraterrestrial combat". Space Aggressors is what the US military is calling them, a team of soldiers training at a warehouse near Colorado's Rocky Mountains. Their job is to act like the enemy during mock space battles to help US units prepare for a conflict that may one day extend to outer space. Trending: Has Hillary Step at the top of Everest collapsed or not, and why can't people decide? "We play the bad guys," Captain Christopher Barnes, chief of training for the 26th Space Aggressor Squadron told the Seeker. "We study threats to the space realm, either coming from space or based on land. If we can't directly replicate them with hardware, then we figure out if there's a software solution or some way we can train people to the point where they can fight through them, if they have to, in a conflict," he says. The elite military unit is being prepared to take on what US calls 'very real' threats from space powers like Russia and China. US intelligence chief Dan Coats recently told a Senate hearing that Russia and China are aggressively pursuing space warfare by building anti-satellite weapons, some of which in future could not only destroy US satellites but may even posses the capability to hit targets on land. Don't miss: Mystery of the disappearing star – how N6946-BH1 vanished without a trace Vice Admiral Charles Richard, deputy commander of U.S. Strategic Command, had told a Washington conference in March that "China is developing an arsenal of lasers, electro-magnetic rail guns, and high-powered microwave weapons to neutralize America's intelligence, communications, and navigation satellites." Captain Barnes said some people think space is the Achilles heel for the US because of its heavy reliance on space assets for most everything, from launching missiles to directing warships across the seas. For instance, any damage to the Global Positioning System -- a group of 31 satellites owned by the US government and operated by their US Air Force -- could make the US military to fall back to outmoded tactics, greatly eroding its technological edge over an enemy. Most popular: Did first humans really evolve in Greece? 'Extraordinary' claim lacks crucial evidence The army however, stresses that it is not space war yet but like any other unit of the military that has to be ready for any existential threats, a space threat is very real in today's scenario. "While we're not at war in space, I don't think we could say we're exactly at peace, either," says Vice Admiral Richard. "We must prepare for a conflict that extends into space." You may be interested in: How Boeing plans to build Darpa's first hypersonic spacecraft Apollo 11 moon dust bag used for first lunar sample to be auctioned for up to $4m Is Russia prepping for space war? 3 mystery satellites reactivated but no one knows what they can do US military training space warriors for 'extraterrestrial conflict' Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Watch: Moment Donald Trump seems to be snubbed by new French President Yahoo News UK Sir Ian McKellen backs Labour's Wes Streeting The Guardian This is what each terror threat level means Yahoo UK Originals Pictures of the week Exclusive - Tillerson declines to host Ramadan event at State Department: sources Reuters In pictures: Britain basks in the heat as summer finally arrives Lego Professor of Play hired by Cambridge University to study child development The Independent French Bulldog With No Eyes Loves Life: CUTE AS FLUFF Barcroft TV Princess Charlotte's Net Worth Is More Than Prince George's, And Here's Why Elle In pictures: The victims of the Manchester Arena terror attack Katie Hopkins leaves LBC in the wake of controversial 'final solution' tweet Yahoo News UK "Daddy, I can’t move my legs": Teen's harrowing phone call to dad from scene of Manchester bomb attack Yahoo News UK In pictures: Britain's worst terror attacks Are Melania and Donald Trump the Most Awkward Couple in Politics? Newsweek Wayne Rooney and the golden oldies eyeing up one last big move Yahoo UK Originals Piers Morgan hits out at Ariana Grande for not visiting Manchester terror attack victims in hospital Yahoo Celebrity UK By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
Saturday May 27th, 2017 About Us How to Advertise Staff Archives Contact Us Webmail Menu Home News Business Opinions Women Technology Sports Education Lifestyle Society Entertainment Homes and Gardening Fashion Health OK Cleared for take-off: RwandAir begins London flights By: Peterson Tumwebaze Published: May 27, 2017 News Print Email Facebook Tweet +1 0 comments RwandAir's maiden flight to London on the runway just before take-off. The airline will ply the London route three times a week. / Timothy Kisambira More in News Experts want more citizens’ role in preparing third devt blueprint Study says local media weak in citizen-centred reporting 10 vulnerable families in Gatsibo get cows At exactly 12:55pm local time, RwandAir’s Airbus A330-300 took off from Kigali International Airport heading to Gatwick International Airport, London’s second busiest airport. This was the first direct flight to Europe by the national carrier. To Enock Enugu, a Nigerian national who was on the maiden flight to London, said this is “a milestone and a demonstration of how much the country has achieved under the current leadership.” On board the recently acquired aircraft (Umurage) were more than 60 passengers excited to fly from the heart of Africa heading to Europe’s financial hub. Yvonne Manzi Makolo, RwandAir’s deputy chief executive officer in charge of corporate affairs, speaks to journalists. / Timothy Kisambira The flight was expected to touch down at Gatwick at exactly 8p.m local time (10p.m Rwandan time). Yvonne Manzi Makolo, RwandAir’s deputy chief executive officer in charge of corporate affairs, confirmed the national carrier will be flying to London three times week. She said the airline wants to leverage London and spread its wings further into the European continent. “We have done enough market research and are confident about the Kigali-London route which is key to capturing the European market,” Makolo told Saturday Times before heading to London. The addition of Gatwick – London takes the airline to 22 destinations, she added. A business opportunity Meanwhile, members of the private sector hailed the airline’s bold move to fly to London, calling it a business opportunity. Denis Karera, a Kigali based business leader who was onboard the aircraft, urged the private sector to take advantage of the flights to help boost trade between London and Kigali. “It is a business opportunity for everyone, especially the private sector, to seize,” he said adding that the route is expected to improve both tourism and exports in general. This will eventually have a spillover effect of the economy, Karera noted. More long-haul flights in offing Meanwhile, RwandAir is scheduled to launch flights to New York and new Asian destinations. On the African front, the airline plans to fly to Conakry in Guinea, Bamako in Mali, as well as Dakar, Senegal, Lilongwe in Malawi and Durban in South Africa. Passengers board RwandAir’s maiden direct flight to Gatwick International Airport, London, yesterday. / Timothy Kisambira Recently, the airline acquired its first A330 series (A330-200 and A330-300 Airbus aircraft)to boost its fleet and capacity. It is also scheduled to receive another brand new Boeing on Sunday. Experts say RwandAir’s ambitious expansion strategy could help position it as a major aviation player in the next five years. The IATA Operational Safety Audit certified airline carried more than 650,000 passengers last year and projects to transport over three million in the next five years. editorial@newtimes.co.rw Please enable JavaScript to view the Comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Most Popular The rise of Mutatsimpundu to the helm of beach volleyball Cleared for take-off: RwandAir begins London flights The need to strike a balance between sovereignty and economic integration Hey will be judged on how Amavubi perform Taekwondo team in Uganda for Ambassador’s Cup Rayon, FERWAFA disagree on trophy-awarding ceremony Experts want more citizens’ role in preparing third devt blueprint Study says local media weak in citizen-centred reporting Letters We can learn a lot from Israel Al More leaders should join MPs in anti-genocide ideology drive Bemba Rwanda Calling 2017 delegates will support Genocide victim Clarence Fernandes Why should Kim trust Trump? Muhamud » More Letters © Copyright The New Times Rwanda 2007 - 2017 Privacy Policy Disclaimer Powered by Imaginet
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Aircraft Lift Control Devices Market Expected To Observer Major Growth By 2027 Lift control devices in aircraft play a key role in lifting the aircraft during take-off and landing. Aircraft lift control devices are used in aviation applications, such as in commercial, business, military aircraft. Lift control devices include flaps, boundary layer control and blown systems, slats and slots, and leading edge root extensions. A rise in global economic conditions has spurred favorable growth in aviation transportation by cutting prices, which in turn drives growth of the aircraft lift control device market. Aircraft take-off and landing completely depend on the size of the wing; it determines the distance and speed at which the aircraft should take-off. An easy take off, i.e. one from a short distance and at a less speed is possible by increasing the size of the wing with the help of lift controlling devices, including flaps, spoilers, slats and slots. Flap: A plain flap increases the maximum lift when required, i.e. during takeoff or landing. The lift increases with an increase in flap deflection. The flap is a movable part of the wing used to produce lift. When it is lowered, it re-shapes the wing section to give it more camber. This allows the aircraft to generate lift at a relatively low speed. Spoilers: Spoilers efficiently distribute and streamline airflow over the wings. They are responsible for obtaining low static areas upon the wings, which increases the production of lift. Slats & Slots: These are small devices installed at the wing leading edge ahead to enable the flow of air between slat and wing slot over the wing at high (AOA) acquisition-only authority. Slates energize air by using kinetic energy from below the wing to the airflow on top. Request For Report Sample: www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-3712 Leading Edge Flaps: At a high angle, leading edge flaps increase the camber of the wing. These are used in airliners, especially in regional jets. Vortex generators: They produce high lift, enable short landing and take-off distances, and offer better aircraft control during a slow flight. Being a developed economy, North America allows consumers to travel in airlines at relatively cheap costs and keeps consumer benefit as its first priority. Military and naval forces in the U.S. are using innovative aviation technology in fighters, jets, and bombers, which in turn drives growth of the aircraft lift control devices market. Europe holds the second spot in terms of market share, owing to the presence of leading market players. The region promotes liberalization of services, and features relatively cheap airline travel fares. Growth of the aviation industry in the APAC region is significant and it is expected to continue the same trend in the coming future. APAC may emerge as a dominant region in the aircraft lift control devices market, owing to the increasing number of airports, and decreasing air fares. Advancements, rise in technology and aggressive research and development initiatives drive the aircraft control devices market. Aircraft Lift Control Devices Market: Segmentation The aircraft lift control devices market can be segmented on the basis of aircraft type: Very large body aircraft Narrow body aircraft Wide body aircraft The aircraft lift control devices market can be segmented on the basis of product type: Flaps Spoilers Slats and slots Leading edge flaps Vortex generators The aircraft lift control devices market can be segmented on the basis of wing type: Fixed wing Rotary wing Request For TOC: www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-3712 The aircraft lift control devices market can be segmented on the basis ofapplication: Commercial aviation Business aviation Military aviation Aircraft Lift Control Devices Market: Key Trends and Drivers Rising demand for air transport, due to fare cuts and global connectivity accelerates the demand for aircraft, which in turn is expected to drive the airlift control devices market. Specialized innovations in aircraft and fighter jets for military and naval applications to strengthen the country’s defence forces drive the market. Aircraft Lift Control Devices Market: Market Participants Examples of some of the market participants identified in theairlift control devices marketacross the value chain include, Shimadzu Corporation,Spirit Aerosystem, Boeing Aerostructres Australia, Triumph Aerostructure, GKN Aerospace, Aernnova, and UTC Aerospace Systems. Browse Full Report: www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/aircraft-lift-contro… ABOUT US: Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends. CONTACT: Future Market Insights 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Spandex Fiber Market Manufacturers Profiles, Opportunities, Regions, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Next PostNext Aerospace Couplers Market Set to Grow Exponentially During the Forecast, 2027 Search Recent Posts Global Bone Conduction Headphones Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017 Enigma Software Group’s SpyHunter® Beats Malwarebytes Anti-Malware in Comparative AV-TEST Wire Bonder Equipment Market to Grow at a CAGR of 2.88% to 2021 Toyota Celebrates The Sand, Surf & Safety of San Diego’s Beaches Republican Legislators Rejecting Student Loan Refinancing Themselves Attended College at One-Fifth the Cost Today Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
