null
About Contact Advertise Submissions Writers Support FPJ Home Features News & Analysis Essays Viewpoints Regions Africa Americas Asia Pacific Europe Middle East Topics Politics Economy Reviews Culture Science & Health Featured Writers Ramzy Baroud Richard Falk Jeremy R. Hammond Jim Miles Paul Craig Roberts David Swanson Select Page Bringing Closure to the 9/11 Pentagon Debate By John D. Wyndham | Oct 7, 2016 | Essays, Science, US | 138 | Aerial view of the damage to the Pentagon occurring on 9/11 (US Navy/Public Domain) It’s time for the 9/11 truth movement to resolve its Pentagon debate by applying the scientific method. Doing so points conclusively to large plane impact. For over fifteen years the 9/11 truth movement and some of its most visible leaders have debated this question: Did a large plane, matching a Boeing 757 in general and Flight AA 77 in particular, hit the Pentagon on September 11, 2001? In the last several years a group of scientists and engineers have presented a number of scientific papers that answer both of these questions with a resounding “Yes.” A number of these scientists and engineers are affiliated with the organization Scientists for 9/11 Truth, which also fully supports the hypothesis that the impacts and resulting fires from the Boeing 767s crashing into the World Trade Center’s Twin Towers (WTC1 and WTC2) on 9/11 could not account for the destruction of these buildings. Building 7 (WTC7) was destroyed without being impacted by any plane. The evidence is clear that all three of these buildings were destroyed by some form of controlled demolition. While the 9/11 truth movement generally agrees on what happened in New York City, thus far there has been no closure on the Pentagon debate. As an organization, Scientists for 9/11 Truth has stood virtually alone in maintaining large plane impact at the Pentagon together with controlled demolition of the buildings in New York City. With the publication of three new works, cited below, there are now indications that the 9/11 truth movement may be ready to adopt this position also. See, for example, this article on the Truth Action Project website. Eyewitnesses and Physical Evidence The Pentagon question has divided the 9/11 truth movement, impeding its thrust toward truth and public credibility. Despite hundreds of eyewitnesses who saw a large plane fly towards the Pentagon and impact it, critics continue to claim otherwise, mainly because the crash scene was unlike those for other plane crashes. Few critics considered that for this unique event—a high-speed impact of a large plane with a building—preconceived expectations of the observed outcome are of little value. The plane largely penetrated the building, leaving many small fragments outside but relatively few large pieces. In a recent conversation with a “no plane impact” advocate, the advocate stated “We will only know for sure what hit the Pentagon when the people who know the answers come forward.” In fact, these “people” came forward a long time ago in video and audio recordings and in written statements, starting on 9/11 itself. Regrettably, the 9/11 truth movement at large either does not know about these hundreds of witnesses, or else has refused to listen to or believe them. Eyewitnesses affirm large plane impact, and the damage trail establishes the plane path before and after impact with a high degree of precision. The plane flew low from the southwest straight toward the Pentagon on a path making a 52-degree angle with the Pentagon’s west wall. It clipped a tree; downed five light poles; struck a fence, a generator-trailer, and a low concrete wall; and impacted the building at the first and second floors, creating an 18-foot wide hole atop a 96-foot gash in the façade. Outside, plane debris was strewn to the north near the Heliport because of the speed and angle of impact. The light poles’ separation gives a plane wingspan in the range 100 to 130 feet (a Boeing 757 wingspan is 124 feet 10 inches), while the low concrete wall and generator-trailer damage separation indicates an engine separation of approximately 43 feet (Boeing 757 engine separation is 42.5 feet). See Figure 1. Figure 1 – Aerial Photograph Showing Plane Path Inside the Pentagon, the plane was increasingly fragmented by the steel and concrete columns, creating a fluid-like flow of solid debris. This flow of material destroyed or damaged many internal columns, defining a continuation of the outside path, and ultimately created an exit hole in the C ring wall. Debris, including plane parts, spilled into the AE Drive in the direction of the original plane path. Internal columns were bowed and abraded in the flight path direction and much of the first floor suddenly filled with debris. The first floor ceiling beyond the collapsed portion of the building remained intact. These elements all confirm a flight path that is supported by eyewitness accounts, the radar data and the Flight Data Recorder (FDR) data, which was released by the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). There are over 62 documented eyewitnesses who saw the plane impact. Fourteen (14) witnesses saw one or more of the light poles struck. Four witnesses saw the right engine/wing hit the generator-trailer, while one witness saw the left engine hit the low concrete wall and break apart. Multiple witnesses traced the passage of the plane as it flew from the Sheraton Hotel (last radar reading) to impact at the Pentagon. There were some initial problems reading the last frame of the FDR data, but the properly decoded FDR data traces the plane’s path all the way from take-off at Dulles Airport to impact at the Pentagon. Applying the Scientific Method Such a confluence of physical, eyewitness, and other evidence provides an overwhelming case for a large plane—a Boeing 757 and specifically Flight AA 77—impacting and penetrating the Pentagon on 9/11. The initial hypothesis of large plane impact, when examined for its consequences as shown by the eyewitness testimony, physical damage, and other supporting evidence, survives the scientific method test and becomes a theory that explains virtually all the observations. No other hypothesis, such as impact by a missile or pre-planted bombs, has even ventured to explain all this evidence. This illustrates the difference between a hypothesis and a theory, and the application of the scientific method in solving physical problems. Those who deny large plane impact offer only criticisms or alternative hypotheses, not a theory. A complete theory examines the consequences of a hypothesis, compares these consequences with the evidence, and discards the hypothesis if it leads to results that do not match the evidence. Figure 2 illustrates the flow of analysis using the scientific method. Figure 2 – Analysis Flow Using the Scientific Method The Large Plane Impact Hypothesis and Theory Ask a Question Let’s begin with the topmost oval in Figure 2 and ask a question: What caused the damage and deaths at the Pentagon on the morning of 9/11? Do Background Research To answer this question, we first do some background research. Eyewitnesses: According to eyewitnesses, a large plane flew (in about six seconds according to FDR data) from the vicinity of the Sheraton Hotel at the west end of the Navy Annex and impacted the Pentagon west wall. It flew above Columbia Pike, crossed the clover-leaf intersection of Columbia Pike with S. Washington Boulevard (Route 27), clipped a tree and impacted five light poles, a fence and a generator-trailer and a low concrete wall, all before hitting the Pentagon façade and then largely disappeared inside the building. Plane parts rained down on the Pentagon lawn and the highway that runs parallel to the west wall. Those who observed this fleeting event from outside the Pentagon, from the standstill traffic on route 27, from the vicinity of Arlington Cemetery, and from nearby buildings, are in substantial agreement that impact by a large plane occurred. Some witnesses identified the plane from its silver color and red and blue markings as an American Airlines plane, a Boeing 757, or both. Witnesses to the aftermath of plane impact who did not see the plane hit, saw many small pieces of plane “confetti” as well as some large pieces of silver fuselage. Some witnesses did not see any large plane parts, and did not recognize the confetti for what it was. Critics have seized upon these latter accounts to try to prove that there was no plane. These accounts cannot negate the many positive observations of others as well as the abundance of photographic evidence. There are also photographs and a significant number of witnesses who described seeing plane parts in the interior of the building and in the AE Drive. Photographs and Videos: Photographs taken outside and inside the Pentagon show many small pieces of silver fuselage with AA colored markings, plane and engine parts, landing gear and a tire. Abraded and bent interior columns show the direction of flow of fragmented plane parts, aligning with the known outside path to within a few degrees. Much of the first floor area under the non-collapsed ceiling suddenly filled with debris. Outside the C ring hole, debris and plane parts were strewn in the AE Drive in alignment with the flight path. Radar and FDR Data: Figures 3 and 4 show the plane’s path from takeoff at Dulles Airport to a point close to the Sheraton Hotel (radar data) and to impact at the Pentagon (FDR data). Figure 3 – [Figure 6 from Frank Legge’s letter “The 9/11 Attack on the Pentagon: the Search for Consensus“ published in the Journal of 9/11 Studies]. IAD, PLA, QBE, and QHY are radar tracking stations. Figure 4 – [Figure 7 from Frank Legge’s “The 9/11 Attack on the Pentagon: the Search for Consensus“]. The course of AA 77 from the FDR data closely matches the radar data.The continuous radar data matching the FDR data indicates that assertions of tampering, as well as suggestions that a plane swap took place, are mistaken. There is no reason to doubt that Flight AA 77 traveled from Dulles to its impact at the Pentagon. The radar track of AA 77 is continuous from Dulles to the vicinity of the Sheraton Hotel and is supported by the FDR data. From there, the FDR data and many eyewitnesses tracked the plane all the way to impact at the Pentagon. The eyewitness and physical evidence fully support impact by a large plane with dimensions matching a Boeing 757. Pentagon Security Videos: Recent work on the video from two Pentagon security cameras shows that they captured images of the approaching, low-flying plane. In his paper “The 85 Pentagon Area Surveillance Cameras,” Ken Jenkins explains the images, how the date error came about, and the likely origins for the trailing white smoke. There is no evidence at this time that the government is withholding other images of the event captured by the surveillance cameras. Ken Jenkins and David Chandler also recently took pairs of sequential images from the Pentagon surveillance video cameras, putting them together as you would see them in what is called a blink comparator. In this way, the image of the plane “pops out.” If you watch the image cycle a few times, the details of the plane are clearly visible. You can find the blink comparisons on David Chandler’s website, 911SpeakOut.org. Construct Hypothesis Based on the above background research, we propose and test the hypothesis that the Pentagon was struck by a large plane matching a Boeing 757 and most probably Flight AA 77. Test with an Experiment Many physical hypotheses can be tested by experiment in a laboratory using relatively simple equipment. In the case of the Pentagon 9/11 event, costs to test and/or reproduce some features of the event would be prohibitive. Fortunately, there are prior relevant tests, airplane incidents and other evidence that are pertinent to the event and that support the large plane impact hypothesis. The F4 Experiment: In the F4 Phantom jet experiment, a plane was propelled at high speed on a rocket sled into a massive and impenetrable concrete wall. The plane was completely fragmented into small pieces. This experiment supports the fragmentation of the Boeing 757 plane parts that did not enter the building. Ground Effect: Because of what is known as ground effect, it is claimed by critics that the plane could not have flown closer to the ground than 56 feet, so it would have impacted at the fourth and fifth floor levels. Some experienced pilots have supported this objection. The physical evidence, such as the five downed light poles, confirms that a large plane did fly low. In addition, many witnesses actually reported that they saw a large commercial jetliner, identified as a Boeing 757, fly low and close to the ground. Actual experience confirms this behavior. For example, at an air show in Portugal, Evora 2007 (Figure 5), an Airbus A310, similar in size to a Boeing 757, repeatedly flew low, sometimes with the gear down and full flaps but with at least one pass at a relatively high speed, with no concern about any ground effect. The height of the plane above the runway was little more than the diameter of the fuselage. Engineers and scientists working in the aerospace field feature an article which explains that, because of the high speed and low angle of attack, ground effect is not a relevant factor, particularly with an aircraft that is under automatic control, as was likely the case for Flight AA 77 at the end. According to Jeff Scott, “ground effect would have been quite small on Flight 77 given its high rate of speed and small angle of attack.” See Aerospaceweb.org and the answer by Jeff Scott, “Pentagon & Boeing 757 Ground Effect.” Figure 5 – [From a video at Portugal, Evora 2007] TAP Airbus A310 flying very low at high speed [Figure D-6 from the paper by Victoria Ashley et al., “The Pentagon Event: The Honegger Hypothesis Refuted,” ScientficMethod911.org.]Further Analysis of Corroborating Physical Evidence: Several items of physical evidence can be further analyzed to see if they comport with a large plane hitting the Pentagon. Clipped Tree: One witness described the plane as “picking off trees and light poles.” Photographs show that the starboard (right) engine of the plane did clip a tree. Jon Cole has shown experimentally that it is possible for the leading edge of an engine to cut the tree. Cole compared this action with similar-looking ragged branches cut with a heavy brush cutter with heavy, thick dull blades rotating at a lesser speed than the airplane that cut the woody branches of the Pentagon tree (See Figure 6). Branches ingested by the right engine can explain the smoke trail from the right engine from that point on, as seen in the security camera videos and in this simulation. Figure 6 – Sheared Tree Branches [From “The 85 Pentagon Area Surveillance Cameras” by Ken Jenkins, 9-11TV.org.]Downed Light Poles: Many witnesses saw the plane hit light poles. In all, five light poles were torn from their bases and broken into pieces. Pole pieces had considerable curvature as if hit by a blunt force at high speed, such as the moving wing of a plane. One pole piece pierced the windshield of a taxi driven by Lloyde England. The back seat of the taxi was pierced indicating how the pole piece was supported at that end and stuck out through the windshield. The separation and positions of the downed light poles indicate a plane wingspan of more than 100 feet, but less than 130 feet. The wingspan of a Boeing 757 is 124 feet 10 inches. Rotated Generator-Trailer: Several witnesses saw the right plane engine and/or wing strike one end of a very heavy generator-trailer. The trailer was found to have rotated about the other end toward the building. In addition to the damaged end, there was a gash in the trailer top corresponding to the position of the first flap “canoe” beyond the right engine of a Boeing 757. The location and direction of the gash was consistent with the canoe’s position on the wing and the plane’s flight path. Gouge in Low Concrete Wall: One witness saw the left engine hit a low concrete wall and break apart. The wall shows a curved gouge consistent with impact by an engine. The distance between the wall and the struck end of the generator-trailer is approximately 43 feet, matching the engines’ separation of a Boeing 757 of 42.5 feet. When the left engine hit the wall it was a few inches above ground level at that point. The wall sits on a high point, and this explains why the engine did not gouge the surrounding lawn as it traveled over the lawn. Some nearby, upright wooden spools were not struck as they were positioned between the plane fuselage and the low-slung left engine. Debris by the Heliport Area: There was a noticeable amount of plane debris, mostly small pieces, at the Heliport area north of the impact hole. This is in accord with the plane’s path which made a 52-degree angle with the Pentagon west wall as it approached from the southwest. This distribution of debris is entirely to be expected since, after fragmentation, debris that remained outside the building would have a significant velocity component causing it to travel in a northerly direction. The Impact Hole and Façade Damage: Many claims have been made that the impact hole was too small for a plane the size of a Boeing 757 to have entered the building. None of these claims have merit. The fuselage of a Boeing 757 is 12.33 feet wide and 13.5 feet high and the corresponding hole was about 18 feet wide. Early photographs were obscured by spray from fire hoses and hid a long gash of about 96 feet in the first floor façade. There were many missing outer support columns. Thus the plane’s fuselage, both engines, and the heavier, inner parts of the wings had sufficient room to penetrate the building. According to witnesses and the FDR data, the plane had rolled about 5 degrees counterclockwise when it hit the wall. Façade markings, such as a long gash made by a wing, confirm these observations. Critics frequently point to the absence of a clear vertical gash that they contend should have been made by the vertical portion of the tail. There are, as shown by Jim Hoffman, markings in the area where the tail might have hit. It is possible that the tail was blown off and fragmented, and did not reach the wall intact. One witness described seeing the fuel explosion while the tail was still visible. Many witnesses saw the tail, and this criticism cannot overturn the other evidence of plane approach and impact. Internal Column Damage: Figure 7 taken from The Pentagon Building Performance Report depicts internal column damage. At the top, red and blue squares depict missing and severely damaged columns. Green and yellow squares show columns with less damage. The width of the damage at the west wall (top) is about 100 feet, which is consistent with the impact of the fuselage, engines, and the heavy parts of the wings of a Boeing 757. As the fuselage moved into the building, it was shredded and scattered to the sides along its path, but a cone of decreasing width of material maintained enough focus to break through and make a hole in the C ring wall. The dark shaded area of the figure is where the building collapsed about 30 minutes after impact. The first floor area with damage but no collapse filled up with debris without the first floor ceiling collapsing. All these observations support the impact with the façade and passage of a large plane through the building primarily at the first floor level. Figure 7 – Pentagon Building and Performance Report Figure 7.9 It is noteworthy that April Gallop, who has been extensively interviewed and quoted as an important witness, had an office in wedge 2 over 150 feet from the impact hole. Gallop’s office structure did collapse and the lights went out but Gallop was too far away to smell jet fuel. She, with her child and others, exited through a window near the Heliport. Once outside, Gallop collapsed, was apparently unconscious, and was moved to the outer lawn area, and then to a hospital. Gallop had no opportunity to see aircraft debris inside or outside the building. C Ring Exit Hole: The C ring exit hole can be understood as resulting from the impact of many pieces of plane debris. This process and the false assertion that workers created the hole as a way to access the building interior are fully discussed in the papers listed below. The exit hole lines up with the plane path that made a 52-degree angle with the Pentagon west wall. This fact in itself points to the hole’s origin since the exact plane path was not known until some days or weeks after the event. There is no evidence that any part of the crash scene was staged to imply a non-existent plane crash. All the physical and eyewitness evidence points to actual large plane impact. Debris in the AE Drive: Debris strewn outside the C ring exit hole was in line with the direction of the plane’s motion and included a plane tire and a wheel rim consistent with a Boeing 757. See Figure 8. Figure 8 – C Ring Hole, Plane Parts and Debris Angle Figure 8 shows a large remnant of a tire outside the C Ring Hole (2). Also shown is a wheel rim (1). The debris angle (3) is also clearly visible. A single doorway lies in the direction pointed to by (4). Analyze Results – Draw Conclusion Both the background information that includes the eyewitnesses and the detailed examination of the plane path and damage presented above support the large plane impact hypothesis. The conclusion drawn is that a large plane matching a Boeing 757 and most probably Flight AA 77 struck the Pentagon on 9/11. Hypothesis is True The hypothesis of impact by a large plane matching a Boeing 757 and Flight AA 77 is true. The next step in the scientific method is to report the results. Report Results Among the first to report the results of a scientific analysis of the Pentagon 9/11 event were Jim Hoffman and Victoria Ashley. Subsequently, scientists affiliated with Scientists for 9/11 Truth, with additional authors such as engineers and computer scientists participating, produced a substantial number of papers. These papers, all listed in the Additional Reading section below, include the three new works mentioned above and listed here, together with a new article: (a) “The Pentagon Plane Puzzle”, a video by Ken Jenkins on the Pentagon eyewitnesses, (b) “Going Beyond Speculation: A Scientific Look at the Pentagon Evidence” a talk by David Chandler. (c) “The Pentagon Event: The Honegger Hypothesis Refuted” a paper by Victoria Ashley, David Chandler, Jonathan H. Cole, Jim Hoffman, Ken Jenkins, Frank Legge, and John D. Wyndham. Except for Victoria Ashley and Jonathan H. Cole (Scholars for 9/11 Truth and Justice), all of the foregoing individuals are members of Scientists for 9/11 Truth. See also the article “Why Not Use a Plane?” by Frank Legge and Ken Jenkins on the Scientists for 9/11 Truth website. Other Pentagon Hypotheses Since the Pentagon 9/11 event, many individuals have tried to prove that a large plane did not impact the Pentagon. These individuals often point to testimonies by witnesses who did not see the plane impact. For example, an aftermath witness might not see recognizable plane parts and claim or imply that there was no plane involved. Some Pentagon workers inside the building inferred a bomb, since to them whatever happened sounded like a bomb. But an expert witness with military experience, who also saw the plane tail just before impact and following fireball, stated that it sounded like a “2000 lb” bomb. While many witnesses reported that they smelled the odor of jet fuel, a smaller number thought they smelled cordite, an explosive that has not been in use since WWII. Although at least 14 witnesses saw the plane hit the light poles one second or less before impact, some critics claim this could not have happened without the wings being visibly damaged or destroyed. Even though the event occurred in broad daylight and was viewed by hundreds of people, scores of whom were stuck in traffic on route 27 with a clear view, critics have dismissed witness accounts by claiming these to be fraudulent. However, there is not a single case where a Pentagon witness has been shown to have deliberately lied. On the contrary, there has been an attempt by some to manipulate witnesses years later and lead them to a different conclusion about what they saw at the Pentagon. This is the case with those who postulate the “North path” approach in which the physical damage could not have been done by the plane. While the advocates of a “North path” approach claim the plane flew over the Pentagon, there is not a single, unequivocal witness to this scenario, and many of the very few North path witnesses affirm that the plane impacted the building. Based on these criticisms, a number of alternative hypotheses have been proposed. Although often termed theories, these hypotheses do not rise to the level of theories because they have not been subjected to the discipline of the scientific method. It is instructive to subject these alternative hypotheses to analysis according to the scientific method steps of Figure 2. Alternative Hypotheses Analyzed According to the Scientific Method The Bombs (Pre-planted Explosives) Hypothesis Those who hypothesize that there was no plane impact attribute all damage and deaths to pre-planted explosives or bombs. These researchers include Barbara Honegger in her “Behind the Smoke Curtain” presentation and the Citizen Investigation Team (CIT). Their assumption is that the approaching plane seen by many flew over the Pentagon. Honegger has modified her hypothesis in the last several years to postulate that a white plane was destroyed with some sort of explosives outside the Pentagon near the Heliport area without any debris hitting the Pentagon wall. For these “no plane impact” hypotheses, the next step in the scientific method, Test with an Experiment, raises immediate problems. The first major problem is the scores of eyewitnesses who saw the plane impact the Pentagon west wall. To solve this problem, many critics simply ignore or attempt to discredit the witnesses, claiming they are lying, incoherent, or manipulated by insiders to tell a false story. These criticisms fail for lack of proof. The witnesses cannot be explained away in any credible fashion. The second major problem is how to explain the plane debris seen by witnesses and in photographs. No credible explanation has been offered as to how the large volume of plane debris was planted and distributed outside the Pentagon, inside the Pentagon, and in the AE Drive, except by a plane crash. Honegger’s “white plane destroyed” hypothesis appears to be an attempt to explain the plane debris near the Heliport, but it does not explain the plane debris found inside the Pentagon building or in the AE Drive. The third major problem is a failure to explain, using bombs, the observed damage. This damage includes the clipped tree, the five downed light poles, the generator-trailer that was damaged and rotated toward the Pentagon, the gouge in the low concrete wall, the shape and nature of the façade damage, the internal bowed and abraded columns, the sudden appearance of internal plane debris, the C ring hole and the debris strewn in the AE Drive. There is no credible evidence for Honegger’s “white plane.” The plane’s supposed destruction without its fragmented parts hitting the Pentagon west wall violates laws of physics, specifically the law of the conservation of momentum. The center of gravity of the combined fragments would still be moving toward the wall at the plane’s pre-explosion speed. There is nowhere near enough plane debris outside the wall near the heliport to account for an entire plane. The bombs-only hypothesis fails the test of the scientific method in major ways, and the analysis shows the hypothesis is false. However, although the evidence is scant or nonexistent, it is still possible that there were some internal bombs timed to explode at the same time as large plane impact. The Small Plane Hypothesis Some investigators claim that a small plane hit the Pentagon on 9/11. These include Massimo Mazzucco in part 2 of his film September 11 – The New Pearl Harbor, and David Ray Griffin, author of many books on the events of 9/11. Griffin has publicly endorsed Mazzucco’s work, including that on the Pentagon. This hypothesis immediately encounters major problems. The great majority of over 180 eyewitnesses to the approach of the plane and its impact with the Pentagon west wall described a large plane. Only a very small number (six or less) of witnesses described a small plane, and most of these viewed the plane at a great distance, making size judgments difficult and unreliable. Of the large plane witnesses, many described it as a silver American Airlines plane, a Boeing 737 or 757. One knowledgeable witness, Tim Timmerman, an airlines’ pilot, recognized it unequivocally as a Boeing 757. Secondly, a small plane could not have created the observed physical damage. The downed light poles require a minimum wingspan of 100 feet, while the generator-trailer and low concrete wall separation gives the separation of the engines as about 43 feet, closely matching the actual separation of Boeing 757 engines at 42.5 feet. Given that wingtips of a plane are very light and might easily break off, a small plane would be unlikely to create a 96-foot gash in the first floor. The small plane hypothesis fails the test of the scientific method and the analysis shows the hypothesis is false. The Missile Hypothesis The missile hypothesis cannot explain the spatial characteristics of the physical damage. The light poles were effectively 100 feet apart, and the generator-trailer and low concrete wall were effectively 43 feet apart. These objects could not all have been impacted by a missile. The shape and size of the impact hole precludes a missile, the damaged internal columns were spaced apart over a wide area, and the bowed and abraded columns could not have been rendered in such a condition by a missile. A missile could possibly have created the C ring hole, but only plane parts were found in the debris in the AE Drive. Donald Rumsfeld alluded to a missile, and eyewitness Mike Walter spoke of a missile, but in the metaphorical sense of a plane acting as a missile. These comments fueled the missile hypothesis. But no witnesses claimed to have seen a missile. Witnesses overwhelmingly described a large plane. The missile hypothesis fails the test of the scientific method and the analysis shows the hypothesis is false. Conclusion Despite the clear evidence and its analysis using the scientific method of large plane impact, a substantial portion of the 9/11 truth movement, including accepted leaders and those involved in major organizations, continues to publicly endorse, adhere to, or promulgate talks, writings and films on false Pentagon hypotheses. Some simply offer criticisms and reject or ignore evidence that would bring closure to the argument. There is clear evidence by way of disintegrating truth groups that these endorsements and communications are injurious to the movement. Public feedback shows that the false Pentagon hypotheses undermine public acceptance of other highly credible scientific findings, such as the demolitions of the Twin Towers and Building 7 (WTC7) in New York City. Most rank and file members of the 9/11 truth movement take their cues on the Pentagon from well-known speakers, writers, and acknowledged leaders of the movement. The quickest way to end the ongoing damage to the movement’s credibility and bring closure would be for these prominent individuals to publicly repudiate their former endorsements, views, and statements on the Pentagon event and acknowledge the scientific method and its conclusion of large plane impact. In the absence of public repudiations, the damage caused by false Pentagon hypotheses is likely to continue indefinitely, even if those who fueled their spread cease to promote them. Consequently, the surest way to end the debate and enhance the credibility of the movement is for each individual to study, without bias or prejudice, the evidence for themselves. The recent papers by scientists, engineers and others showing large plane impact at the Pentagon have been collected together on a website that invites feedback and discussion. Comments can be sent to the Scientific Method 9/11 website which specifically invites feedback on many of the papers listed below. Acknowledgments This article is based on the research and writings of the following authors: Victoria Ashley, David Chandler, Jonathan H. Cole, Jim Hoffman, Ken Jenkins, Frank Legge, Warren Stutt and John D. Wyndham. These writings point to many other researchers, such as Adam Larson, Russell Pickering, John Farmer and Arabesque, who have contributed to an understanding of the Pentagon evidence. The author of this article would like to thank David Chandler, Jonathan H. Cole, and Ken Jenkins for reading the manuscript and offering useful comments and suggestions. Additional Reading – Websites, Papers, Articles and Videos Websites and Owners/Sponsors The Pentagon Attack: What the Physical Evidence Shows – Jim Hoffman Pentagon Attack Errors – Jim Hoffman Evidence: The Pentagon Attack – Victoria Ashley The 85 Pentagon Area Surveillance Cameras – Ken Jenkins The Pentagon – A joint statement – David Chandler and Jonathan H. Cole The Science of 9/11, Pentagon – Frank Legge Warren Stutt’s Home Page – Warren Stutt Papers on the Pentagon – Scientists for 9/11 Truth, various scientists Papers on the Pentagon – Scientific Method 9/11, John D. Wyndham Papers Frank Legge, “What Hit the Pentagon? Misinformation and its Effect on the Credibility of 9/11 Truth,” Journal of 9/11 Studies, July, 2009. David Chandler (based on Ken Jenkins), “Blink Comparator Views of the Plane at the Pentagon,” 911Speakout.org, 2016. Frank Legge, and Warren Stutt, “Flight AA77 on 9/11: New FDR Analysis Supports the Official Flight Path…“, Journal of 9/11 Studies, January, 2011. Frank Legge and David Chandler, “The Pentagon Attack on 9/11: A Refutation of the Pentagon Flyover Hypothesis Based on Analysis of the Flight Path,” STJ911.org, September, 2011 and its Addendum, Foreign Policy Journal, December, 2011. John D. Wyndham, “The Pentagon Attack: Problems with Theories Alternative to Large Plane Impact,” Journal of 9/11 Studies, November, 2011. Revised version (3), ScientificMethod9/11.org, April, 2016. Frank Legge, “The 9/11 Attack on the Pentagon: the Search for Consensus,” Journal of 9/11 Studies, June, 2012. John D. Wyndham, “The Pentagon Attack: The Event Time Revisited,” ScientificMethod9/11.org, March, 2013. John D. Wyndham, “The Pentagon Attack: Eyewitnesses, Debris Flow and Other Issues – A Reply to Fletcher and Eastman,” ScientificMethod9/11.org, April, 2013. Victoria Ashley et al., “The Pentagon Event: The Honegger Hypothesis Refuted,” ScientificMethod9/11.org, April, 2016. Articles and Videos Jim Hoffman, “Pentagon – Exterior Impact Damage,” 911Review.com, February, 2003. Jim Hoffman, “The Pentagon No-757-Crash Theory: Booby Trap for 9/11 Skeptics,” 911Research.WTC7.net, November, 2004. Victoria Ashley, “To Con a Movement: Exposing CIT’s PentaCon ‘Magic Show’,” 911Review.com, July, 2009. Jim Hoffman, “Google Earth Exposes Pentagon Flyover Farce,” 911Research.WTC7.net, July, 2009. Frank Legge, “Science, Activism, and the Pentagon Debate,” Scientistsfor911Truth.org, April, 2014. Ken Jenkins and David Chandler: “Pentagon Plane Puzzle + David Chandler: Going Beyond Speculation,” YouTube, September, 2015. Frank Legge and Ken Jenkins, “Why Not Use a Plane?,” Scientistsfor911Truth.org, January, 2016. Share: Rate: Tags: 9/11, Science About the Author John D. Wyndham John D. Wyndham (PhD) studied under two Nobel Prize-winners in physics at the Cavendish Laboratory, Cambridge, U.K. and, in his early career, was a Research Fellow at the California Institute of Technology. He is currently Coordinator of Scientists for 9/11 Truth. His research papers on 9/11 can be found there and on the website Scientific Method 9/11 for which he acts as Moderator. You can contact him at moderator@scimethod911.org. Free e-Book! Sign up to receive FPJ Weekly straight to your inbox plus get instant access to download The Israel-Palestine Conflict: A Collection of Essays by FPJ publisher and editor Jeremy R. Hammond. Yes, send me the e-book! Almost there! Just click the link in the email we've sent to confirm the address your e-book should be delivered to. Comments are encouraged, but please respect the rules. Click here for terms of use. UncleJoe223 Did the author also write for the Marx Brothers? There’s as much reality in this piece as in “Night At the Opera.” But if I can manage to see ONE of those 80 videos that the FBI confiscated of the actual event, and it shows a plane, then, yes, I’ll change my mind. Where’s the video? Uh…what’s that you say? MrKoenig Hundred of recorded eyewitness accounts, damage path consistent with an large airliner, aircraft debris and even DNA doesn’t convice you? Then thumbs up to your ignorance! MyWikiDisQus Yes, plenty of circumstantial evidence to be sure. The nagging question is, where are all the closed circuit video/audio recordings that surround the Pentagon on that fateful day? Why is the government withholding the full motion videos that capture the airplane descending from the sky and hitting the building? Jeremy R. Hammond Well, that meaningless little anecdote clearly outweighs the mountains of incontrovertible evidence that, yes, a plane did hit the Pentagon. MyWikiDisQus You side stepped to consider my question, where are the full motion closed circuit Pentagon videos? Why is the FBI not making them all public? Jeremy R. Hammond The question isn’t relevant to the point. Assuming such videos exist, the fact they aren’t released hardly belies the incontrovertible evidence of a plane impact. The logic “they haven’t released the videos, therefore there was no plane impact”, needless to say, is a non sequitur. MyWikiDisQus I’m still waiting for your thoughts regarding the discrepancy between the flight 11’s wing outline impact seen in the Fireman’s video verses the hole in the Pentagon that shows no evidence of either wing impacting the face of the building. Jeremy R. Hammond There is no such discrepancy. The wing impact on the Pentagon was actually very clearly observable. Brian Rogers Can you provide this clear wing impact evidence? Yeah, because my fellow pentagon researchers and I have never discovered these images in over 12 years of research. Thanks. Jeremy R. Hammond It is hard not to see the wing impact damage in photos of the Pentagon. It must take a great deal of effort not to. MyWikiDisQus There is no evidence of a wing impacting the building. It only exists in the script you’ve been reading. Jeremy R. Hammond The impact from the wings is clearly visible in images taken prior to the collapse, e.g.,: https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/65d4407fe677a35df93c937b45f6447fa81dba72a35c9341de3f22436a3bc141.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b809c65aad5dd36137f2e3f98d37d07accd930803b2bc0788ba7dd6248fddf53.jpg Brian Rogers lol MyWikiDisQus Uh huh, “clearly visible” you wrote. And after the “plane’s impact”, the wings were found where exactly, because I don’t see any remains of any wings in any photographs, anywhere. No wing debris was every recovered, not spars, ribs, ground spoilers, leading edge flaps, flap track fairings or any aileron components. Surely there must have been some part of the wings that didn’t mysteriously disappear into the building to confirm the official hoax. Not even a piece of aluminum skin from a wing laid on the ground. I don’t believe a wing from a commercial aircraft could strike a solid object such as a building wall and stay completely intact without loss of any wing material. You’re going to have provide other proof that phenomenon is possible. Jeremy R. Hammond Just open your eyes and you can clearly see where the wings impacted the Pentagon. It also must take an extraordinary effort not to see the debris. MyWikiDisQus Yes, my eyes are open and I clearly see fragments of rubble but none that can be positively identified as parts of a commercial aircraft. Look closer (see: http://911research.wtc7.net/mirrors/guardian2/pentagon/debris-small-2.jpg ). Even closer (see: http://911research.wtc7.net/mirrors/guardian2/pentagon/debris-small.jpg ). I feel sorry for you Mr. Hammond, that you continue to spew the government’s coverup story about the attack on the Pentagon building. 1. There is no conclusive evidence American flight 77 hit the west wing of the Pentagon. 2. That it was flown by a Saudi Arab terrorist who had absolutely no flight time or hands-on experience flying a 100 ton commercial aircraft, no training whatsoever on IFR rules or knowledge of the Boeing 757’s myriad of dials, switches, knobs and levers of the instrumentation panels and how to correctly operate them or how to successfully navigate through Class Bravo airspace. The story is profoundly unbelievable and so are you. Jeremy R. Hammond The question of who was piloting the plane is an entirely other matter, and for my take on that, you can read my piece “Al Qaeda’s Top Gun”: http://www.foreignpolicyjournal.com/2010/04/17/al-qaedas-top-gun/ Sticking to the topic at hand, you haven’t presented any other explanation for the damage to the Pentagon (including impact damage from the wings) and the debris. Moreover, there was clearly identifiable plane wreckage in the debris, as well as remains of the victims: http://911review.com/errors/pentagon/nodebris.html http://www.vaed.uscourts.gov/notablecases/moussaoui/exhibits/prosecution/thumbs/P200030.jpg http://www.vaed.uscourts.gov/notablecases/moussaoui/exhibits/prosecution/thumbs/P200042.jpg http://www.vaed.uscourts.gov/notablecases/moussaoui/exhibits/prosecution/thumbs/P200045.jpg http://www.vaed.uscourts.gov/notablecases/moussaoui/exhibits/prosecution/thumbs/P200047.jpg http://www.vaed.uscourts.gov/notablecases/moussaoui/exhibits/prosecution/thumbs/P200048.jpg The persistent ignorance of the incontrovertible evidence of the plane hitting the Pentagon by your ilk have done untold harm to the cause of truth with respect to what really occurred on 9/11 and why. MyWikiDisQus The pictures you provided show a component of some aircraft as well as the remains of the deceased who perished on that fateful day. All of which were found somewhere inside the west wing of the Pentagon, not outside on the lawn. Is it possible the aircraft part was not from flight 77? Is it possible the charred remains were Pentagon civilian and military personnel and not passengers of the same plane in question, given the fact that 125 of the dead worked inside the Pentagon? Of course that is a plausible explanation but you chose to lay it out as further prima facie evidence of the existence of the commercial airplane. Certainly taints your objectivity, doesn’t it, Mr. Hammond? I read your editorial about Hani Hanjour, alleged pilot of flight 77 (see: http://www.deepjournal.com/p/7/a/en/2659.html ). Your last sentence read, “And whichever the case, the conclusion is inescapable that the 9/11 Commission deliberately attempted to deceive the public about the piloting capabilities of Hani Hanjour.” One would think a respected journalist such as yourself would pursue the end truth based on the premise that someone else piloted an airborne vehicle that hit the Pentagon. But you haven’t; you let it go and accept the basic story created by the perpetrators of this massive crime against the American people. Your curiosity has gone cold and betrayed your investigative instincts. As far as your suggestion that, ” … you haven’t presented any other explanation for the damage to the Pentagon …”, that is a correct statement. I do not have access to the full-motion videos the U.S. military has in its possession that would conclusively show what hit the Pentagon on 9/11. But given all the holes in the official explanation of what occurred on that day for which even you have acknowledged with your “Top Gun” piece should make you question everything the government has told us: everything. We can continue to go back and forth but it serves no purpose. You believe the main version of the 9/11 tale given by the media and the government whereas I don’t. You see, Mr. Hammond, it’s the U.S. Government we are conversing about; a haven for half-truths and outright lies. Are you familiar with the national debt clock (see: http://www.usdebtclock.org/ )? See how all the numbers spin about that total the amount of debt the American people are saddled with? Now imagine the numbers are not dollars but lies the government tells the world. I’m sure you get where I come from. Jeremy R. Hammond I agree that the objectivity of one of us is “tainted”. You are of course welcome to present another hypothesis to explain the overwhelming evidence that the plane hit the Pentagon. I would merely observe how you haven’t done so. Your comments regarding my article on Hanjour are curious. How do you propose I should have gone about investigating who was actually piloting the plane? Also, I do question everything the government tells us (hence my Hanjour piece, along with pretty much all of my other writings). In this case, the evidence just so happens to be incontrovertible that the plane did hit the Pentagon — regardless of who was actually piloting it. MyWikiDisQus Again you throw the narrative back to me to prove the commercial airline did not hit the building. I have no way to prove otherwise since the government has all the contrary evidence safely secured away from public scrutiny and the press. In criminal law, a defense attorney through the discovery process has access to all evidence in possession of the district attorney. But that is not the case here even though multiple capital crimes have been committed. You wrote, “Your comments regarding my article on Hanjour are curious. How do you propose I should have gone about investigating who was actually piloting the plane?” I can’t do that since I don’t believe American flight 77 hit the Pentagon. However all it takes is a forensic examination of one aircraft part that does not belong to American Airlines to expose the whole story. For example, look here at a short you tube video of the inside of a typical flight data recorder (see: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlY5W7be5jU ). At the 45 second mark you find the airline name stamped on a plate (e.g., Property of Delta Air Lines). You might want to start there. But as I wrote earlier, the full motion videos of all the CCTV cameras outside (and inside) the DOD would clear up the matter. Perhaps your numerous contacts in Washington, DC could point you towards the individual(s) who have pieces to this government created rebus. Another interesting point is that out of all the civil litigation against American Airlines for flight 77 passengers, about 30 or so have filed civil cases in federal court so far (see: http://www.cnn.com/2007/US/law/09/18/sept.11.lawsuits/index.html?_s=PM:US ). Another one for Asia Cottom is pending. It seems odd only half the families have pursued legal recourse or settled via the 9-11 Compensation Fund for their loss, doesn’t it, Mr. Hammond? Jeremy R. Hammond No, I did not ask you to prove a negative. I welcomed you to provide a hypothesis that better explains the evidence. And now I’m noting that you’ve declined to do so, which I take to mean that you can’t. MyWikiDisQus Of course I can’t. How could I or anyone else (including yourself) offer an alternative and plausible explanation as to what hit the Pentagon since the government has in its possession all the video evidence that tells the true story about this horrific crime? You showed photographs of human remains and assume the bodies are flight 77 passengers while disregarding the 125 Pentagon employees who perished in the west wing as well. How does that fact reconcile with your close minded opinion? You showed photographs of aircraft parts and assume they’re from flight 77 when no eye witness reported seeing the aircraft registration number that identified flight 77. None of that is conclusive proof because it can’t be tied back to the plane, there is no clear chain of custody. There were many eye witness accounts but the one that stands out in my mind is Penny Elgas. If you read her statement it reads like a short novella instead of the typical person who shockingly witnessed an aircraft impacting a government building (see: http://amhistory.si.edu/september11/collection/supporting.asp?ID=30 ). Her recall of the event was too detailed and used a style of prose that suggests she embellished her rendition to add drama and suspense. She wrote phrases such as, “In that split second, my brain flooded with adrenaline and I watched everything play out in ultra slow motion …” or “In my adrenaline-filled state of mind, I was overcome by my visual senses.” or even this one, “The plane seemed to be floating as if it were a paper glider and I watched in horror as it gently rocked and slowly glided straight into the Pentagon.” Yes, ‘watched in horror’, ‘slowly glided’, like she was in a dream even though the reality was the aircraft speed was over 500 mph at impact. Perhaps she will find her niche as a freelance writer with Reader’s Digest. You ask me to offer a different explanation as to what flew into the Pentagon. You believe it was flight 77 because the government and the media says it was, even though no major aircraft components were found outside the Pentagon such as the tail, wing, etc. Here is a photograph of an Airbus A310 crashing into a building in Russia (see: http://www.planecrashinfo.com/w20060709.htm ). The plane was moving at high speed when it impacted the building and burst into flames yet the tail and other identifiable parts e.g., fuselage, wing, etc. did not disintegrate unlike the complete disappearance of flight 77. So if flight 77 didn’t crash into the Pentagon then what did and where did the plane and its passengers go? I suggest you ask the U.S. Department of War because they know the truth. As for me, the real story is the hoax sold to the American people and you. Jeremy R. Hammond No, I not “believe it was flight 77 because the government and the media says it was”. Anyone even remotely familiar with my work exposing government and media lies — including the lie that fire caused the free fall collapse of WTC 7 — will recognize what a ludicrous suggestion that is. I know it was Flight 77 because the evidence that this was so is incontrovertible. It’s enough to observe that you are unable to present any alternative hypothesis that better fits the available evidence — which is to say you reject the scientific method. MyWikiDisQus The author of the article glossed over the “Test with an Experiment” step of the SM (Scientific Method) relative to the fighter plane experiment and the commercial aircraft flyover to brazenly suggest commingling characteristics and similarities of the two examples was sufficient to support his ‘large plane hit the Pentagon’ hypothesis. It is flawed and here is why: Understandably he could not duplicate what he believed happened in a controlled test so In order to properly correlate his explanation to a similar event, he would have had to pick a historical aircraft crash that represented a large plane flying through the air at high speed, approximately 4 feet off the ground when it terminated its flight by impacting a 77 foot high solid object. The physical evidence of such an event would have supported his theory. Obviously he was unable to that. He or a staff associate searched and found the F4 video shown here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=–_RGM4Abv8 . The F4 Phantom in terms of size and mass as compared to a Boeing 757-223 is significantly less. To suggest that both aircraft traveling at relatively the same speed (~500 knots) would result the same with respect to observable destruction and debris is not valid as it is clearly bias. The concrete wall moved in the video whereas the Pentagon wall did not which means the difference does not conform to the requirement that one variable must be constant in the test (see: http://teacher.nsrl.rochester.edu/phy_labs/appendixe/appendixe.html ). The airbus A310 flyover is shown here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26H-WzIe858 . The author chose this video to demonstrate how low a commercial aircraft can fly however it is not an acceptable test as the plane never dropped anywhere near the altitude that allegedly flight 77 did (~4 feet) prior to impact as you can see at the four second mark. Again, we see bias in this step which invalidates the author’s attempt to convince us he adhered to the SM. Large passenger airplanes are mostly hollow, they are not capable of punching through 300 feet of reinforced concrete and making a round hole at the end as we are led to believe occurred in the ‘C’ ring of the Pentagon. It has not been proven by anyone including the author of this article that it happened either by experiment or by any mathematical calculus. Therefore the idea the evidence is ‘incontrovertible’ is also false no matter how may times it is repeated as there are many questions left unanswered as to what really struck the Pentagon on 9/11. Brian Rogers there is no chain of custody for that evidence, and the fact of minimal wreckage actually really hurts your position, and you don’t even realize it. lol Brian Rogers you keep playing fast and loose with that term ‘incontrovertible’, do you know what that means Jeremy? And his logic makes much more sense than the ‘Honey Pot’. They played the towers videos being hit by the planes all day and then for weeks after and we still have video of it. Why not show the video of your non existent 757 hitting the Pentagon? No, if it were they’d have shown it over and over. peakchoicedotorg Why should they release more evidence — they had so much fun watching some of the truthers discredit themselves … hundreds of people saw the plane go into the building, hundreds more plucked plane parts, luggage, bodies from the rubble. http://rigorousintuition.blogspot.com/2005/05/cynical-sophisticated-and-subtle.html … consider the Pentagon crash, and the confiscation of the video from the service station security camera. That the video has never been released is regarded by many as damning evidence that authorities are trying to hide the true nature of the crash: that the video must reveal that it wasn’t Flight 77 but a missile, or a fighter jet. But think: perhaps the video remains hidden because some people are quite happy to mindf*ck the conspiracists and perpetuate an erroneous line of inquiry. Would they want to lay to rest a mistaken hypothesis, when it misdirects the efforts of so many? It may be that the question is not What have they got to hide? but rather, Why do they want us to think that they’re hiding something? Jeremy R. Hammond Your argument is a non sequitur. The evidence of a plane impact is incontrovertible (and, yes, I know what that word means; hence my repeatedly using it). Brian Rogers Actually the minimal wreckage ‘evidence’ actually hurts your case, and you didn’t even know it. Paul You clearly don’t understand the definition of “incontrovertible.” And, there are not “mountains” of evidence. There’s a piece or two of wreckage easily carried by one man. Where did the wings go? Jeremy R. Hammond incontrovertible (adj): not able to be doubted or questioned The evidence is incontrovertible that the plane hit the Pentagon. Do you expect that the wings would have just sheared off and been laying there intact on the ground in front of the Pentagon? Paul It’s not that a plane didn’t hit (it probably did) but it certainly was not a 110 foot wide plane, there’s no doubt about that whatsoever. MrKoenig Plane wreckage inside and outside the Pentagon, skin sheets in the color of American Airlines, also including engine/landing gear parth, the both flight recorders, and even found passenger DNA, THAT is just “circumstancial evidence” for an airliner impact? Wow! How do you know, that the Government withholding more than what it has already released, including the two gate cams recorded at 1 fps? Do you really think that the Pentagon has all its CCTV cams pointed on to the fly path of the attacking aircraft? That would be odd, don’t you think? The problem with most of the no-airliner propoents is, that they usually do all ignore the photographic and testimonial evidence because it contradicts their belief. Explain to me how a missile, truck bomb or a Global Hawk can leave such wreckage, plant DNA and create the photographically recorded damage path outside and inside the building, and fooling of hundreds of witnesses! MyWikiDisQus All the discussion is around the 85 or so external cameras that surrounded the Pentagon that were confiscated by the FBI. The external short blurred video provided to the public does not show anything conclusive that a commercial aircraft hit the building. Do you honestly believe that’s the best the Department of Justice can show us? What about the multitude of internal CCTV cameras inside the complex? Surely there are some installed on every floor that captured video evidence of a large body moving rapidly through the rings.The military refuses to release any of them, what are they covering up? If you believe the published report of the 9/11 commission regarding the destruction of WTC 1, 2 and 7 then there is no point in challenging the Pentagon incident or the Shanksville PA “let’ roll” story either. But if you suspect the government is lying about this monumental epic in American history, then you have to be skeptical about everything we have been told, everything. andy No Planer Alert!!!! We’re skeptical that you graduated from Middle School. Just to make it easy for you,tiger:The Pentagon was made of far stronger stuff than Tower 1’s outer sheath. Do yourself a solid: https://sites.google.com/site/wtc7lies/introduction Brian Rogers you mean the limited wreckage footage with no chain of custody evidence? It hurts your case. And stop saying hundreds of witnesses, only very very few claimed to be impact witnesses so …stop that propaganda. Paul Why remove a frame from the security camera footage that was released? it’s been proven, they removed a frame, and the only frame that would show the object. Seems highly suspicious. The burden of proof is on those making the extraordinary claim, and the claim that a plane hit the Pentagon is very extraordinary (never happened before or since). Their proof is very lackluster, considering we’re still seriously arguing about it 15 years later. They should have at least one photo by now, be it from a surveillance camera or a satellite, they should have *something.* The fact they don’t seem to have anything, other than a single video with the key frame mysteriously missing, is proof enough that either it wasn’t a 767, or they are intentionally goading the 911 truth movement into believing that it wasn’t. It’s ridiculous to think they accidentally removed that frame and they accidentally didn’t have any other cameras pointing at the most important public US military structure in the world. They were even renovating that side, and had dozens of contractors on base, you really think they didn’t have cameras on the workers? Where are the video tapes? Please. Also, small pieces of wreckage on the lawn isn’t really proof since there were multiple credible reports of men in suits showing up and tampering with the physical site within minutes of the event. There were no items found that I’m aware of that were too heavy to be lifted by one man, which is rather odd for a wreck in which the wings had to break off since they couldn’t fit in the initial hole. What the men in suits were doing exactly (removing stuff, leaving false evidence, etc.) isn’t agreed upon, but there is agreement that they were there and they were messing with the scene. Anything found is contaminated. We need a photo or video, and they must have one. Jeremy R. Hammond Even if we accept your claim that a frame was removed from the video, so what? Do you have another hypothesis that better explains all the other evidence? No, you don’t. Are you trying to suggest that the debris was hurriedly planted there? Paul Not that hurriedly. But yes. andy WikiDiki,produce the witness or pipe down.Personally,I think you’re full of it. MyWikiDisQus “Pffft” You know what that is? It’s the onomatopoeic sound for bug spray. You’re a bug, now go away. andy That’s your response to my request for you to produce a witness known only to you,Buggy? Where is this person and why have they never been produced for a video clip or a paper? MyWikiDisQus Pffft, Pfttt, Pfttt. Apparently you’re a persistent bug that needs a greater dose of sarcasm. andy I rest my case! Brian Rogers lol, If you’ve studied the Pentagon issue you’d know there are not a hundred impact witnesses, not even close to 30, and there’s even problems with those. And then leaving out the more credible north path witnesses is deplorable. This was dealt with back in 2006, just a regurgitation of a failed theory. Why would they do this? To seem more relevant, could be…but that makes zero sense. To actually use the scientific method, you can’t ignore evidence, you have to make sense of all of it. Have a good day, thumbs down to your name calling. BrotherPatriot What a bunch of rubbish. Once you actually take the time…research…and learn…it becomes obvious jet fuel didn’t cause the towers to come down and it wasn’t Tim Osman (*cough* I mean Osama Bin Laden *cough*) who masterminded the false flag attack upon us on that fateful day. Awaken faster America & people of the world… HOOYAH & God Bless. andy It was massive impacts and jet fuel ignited fires,you blithering idiot. And don’t even start with your cult’s lying talking points about #7,which was smashed into by the collapse of #1 and burned uncontrollably for hours before the FDNY knew it was a goner and created a perimeter. BrotherPatriot You are a completely daft… #1…did NOT smash into #7. The fires in #7 did minor damage. Nice try but apparently you fail at research as well as making a valid point. It was….”Pulled.” ^^ That terminology is used with controlled demolition… You have much to learn, grasshopper. andy You and your miserable controlled demolition cult are a raft of daft. ‘Pull’ is NOT slang for explosive demolitions but literally means to pull down with steel cords the damaged carcass of a building no more than 4,5,6 stories. This is where Jew hating Holocaust denier Eric Hufschmid,the Godfather of your cult,led you wrong with the abject lie about ‘pull’.Clever guy,he. Larry Silverstein was clearly referring to the perimeter created by the FDNY when they knew the building would eventually collapse.Everyone was pulled back and away from a dangerous situation. As the FDNY stated,the building was “fully involved” in fires and had developed a bulge in its north face where beams and debris from the collapse of #1 had smashed into it.It was emanating the creaks and groans only a compromised structure would How do you think all the fires started anyway,Captain Bugs? BrotherPatriot Just continue spewing your rubbish…fewer and fewer people are believing your kinds lies & deceit. A reckoning is coming…and it won’t be the “culling” that you all are expecting. Wasting no further time with you. andy Fine with me,I’ve already clobbered your cult and linked you to all the evidence and testimony you’ll need to remove yourself from the clutches of such malarkey. This will help as well: andy Actually,fewer and fewer people are buying what you’re selling after they look in depth at both arguments.Your quasi-spiritual mumbo-jumbo about a ‘reckoning’ is one of the many things that has rendered the 9/11 truth stuff to the margins of public discourse. Particularly #7 has been shown to not be what you insist and not least the controlled demolition of the nutty ‘no-plane hit the Pentagon’ crowd which can be seen here in this paper. Jeremy R. Hammond The topic of this thread is the Pentagon. Please keep your comments on topic. andy It’s perfectly OK for your sad “BrotherPatriot” to spew the racist tripe about Larry Silverstein but I’m off base talking about the issue. The fact that you are silent in the face of such a vile argument while getting all snippy with me speaks volumes about yourself Jeremy R. Hammond My comment goes for both of you. As for racist tripe, if I see it, I will ban the commenter. In this case, BrotherPatriot didn’t even mention Silverstein. Rather, it’s you who brought up his name and falsely attributed to BrotherPatriot “racist tripe” — which is just another example of how you’ve gotten yourself banned from this site for violation of the terms of use of the comments section. Troll elsewhere. Jeremy R. Hammond As NIST itself pointed out, the impact from debris from the collapse of WTC 1 was not a contributing factor in the collapse of WTC 7. As for its claim that fires caused the free fall collapse, their report in this regard is riddled with scientific fraud. Free fall means no energy was available to do the work of buckling the columns, as required by their fire-induced collapse hypothesis. andy The impacts created the fires and gouged a hole 15 stories high and despite what NIST says a bulge had developed in the area of the north face where debris and beams from #1 crashed into it. You seem to think that the FDNY is part of a scientific fraud.Their testimony clearly proves that the building collapsed from something other than unduly quiet explosives. Jeremy R. Hammond I defer to my previous comment. If you’d like to discuss WTC 7 further, do so on any of the articles at FPJ about that subject. This thread is about the Pentagon. Jerry Hamilton What a marvelous but ridiculous attempt at deception by the author. I can only believe he knows full well he is lying as only a nincompoop could think it is true. Give us a break. Save it for children’s hour. MrKoenig Refute his arguments or stop the ad hom and shut up! Jerry Hamilton What a horrible little man you are. If you want to believe in fairy stories… You are welcome to. Just don’t force them on others. Now bog off. MrKoenig Your name calling doesn’t change that fact. andy Endgame for 9/11 “truth” saps.They are now in the final stages and have become total self-caricatures. Exhibit A,Jerry,who’s such a bozo that it’s entirely plausible that he’s a disinfo operative tasked with making “truthers” look like imbeciles. Jerry Hamilton Americans are now deciding who to vote for, not that an honest outcome is expected. Do you still not get it? Voting for the lesser of two evils is still evil. Brian Rogers Trump “Bombs were in the buildings” …pretty clear to me ‘not evil’ but insightful. mydogsays There is so much evidence that disputes the AA Flight 77 impact conclusion from the words of U.S. Army Major General Albert Stubblebine to the extensive research of Barbara Honegger, to the eyewitnesses in the CIT presentation to all of those at Pilots for 9/11 Truth, I have to snicker at the author’s unabashed bravado. Freedom or death What a bunch of crap, this story. Show one video of a plane crashing into Pentagon.There was Zero indication a plane crashed there, zero. And it has been proven that the plane could not have maneuvered that way. MrKoenig Your comment is a good indication of your lacking in-depth research into this issue. Freedom or death Explain MrKoenig Explain why the article above is crap first. Trashing baselessly someone’s work then demanding an explanation why the trashing is baseless. That’s bold, my friend. Freedom or death You are absolutely full of it. They have none of that stuff from the plane. So many camera and not one clear video. I’m not going too argue with you. You are either an operative or one dumb son of a bitch andy Andy Warhol once said: “Paranoid,I don’t even know the meaning of the word”. Brian Rogers Start with the CIT response to Chandler/Cole. Which Chandler childishly refuses to deal with. So sad. Paul No, the article itself shows lack of in-depth research. Look into the discrepancies between the two pentagon security cameras which have had their footage released. It is clear that whatever hit the Pentagon was taken out of the video that should have shown it clearly. A frame was removed, and that is conclusively proven. Why remove a frame? Why remove the one frame that would show what hit the Pentagon, if it was a 767? Jeremy R. Hammond Show us that this frame was removed, as you claim. Brian Rogers I hope that my humble paper can shine some light on why the official story is simply to incredible to be true, and that the pushers of this theory do NOT use the scientific method because they ignore other evidence to reach their conclusions. https://www.facebook.com/notes/brian-rogers/going-beyond-speculation-the-pentagon-official-govt-story-and-some-truthers-prea/10153613242615049/ or https://docs.google.com/document/d/139gLphbSuOklnO6fsxEDz__bBmIrF-TmeLfV4-KEiPU/edit https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0d44ddea468413a10fca03c201732599d4676b3ab8a8ac78e783d7a8ae7b7ecc.jpg Michael Atkinson Regardless of the Pentagon debate, 9-11-01 was an obvious inside job. It’s an unavoidable fact to those who have been paying attention. That’s why there are many Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth. There are likely many more that know 9-11 was a lie but are too scared to speak out. It is time for a revolution. The So-called War on Terror Is A Criminal Fraud By Prof. Michael Keefer The US Constitution and Bill of Rights have been displaced by War-on-Terror legislation. http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article38618.htm andy Dollars to peanuts that Michael Keefer is a ‘blame it on the Jews’ nutcase. Jeremy R. Hammond What amazes me is that people within the “Truth” movement persist in this untenable position that no plane hit the Pentagon. This claim has done untold harm to the movement by seriously undermining its credibility. The evidence of the plane impact is incontrovertible. Brian Rogers Jeremy has used ‘incontrovertible’ fast and loosely dozens of times on this thread. :/ Jeremy R. Hammond I have used the word “incontrovertible” very precisely here. Brian Rogers precisely without warrant or evidence yes. Jeremy R. Hammond Precisely according to its meaning: “not able to be doubted or questioned”. Except by the willfully ignorant, of course. peakchoicedotorg Always has been incontrovertible. The no plane hoax was debunked from the start by some of the best 9/11 truth researchers, notably John Judge. It was a clever hoax to distract, nothing more. Sorry anyone thinks it’s worth anything to debunk a decade and a half later, old story at this point. Meanwhile, how many “truth” activists know about Alec Station, the plane into building exercise near Dulles that morning, the FBI, CIA and DIA lower level agents who tried to stop the attacks, the non response of the NSA warning system during the attacks, to cite a few areas that might yield more results. andy Great points! The controlled demolition cult and this garbage have forever ruined the work of serious people regarding that day. Buried in BS,the real dirt is now egg all over a million faces. A truly sad thing to watch unfold. peakchoicedotorg The “no plane” hoax was debunked from the start. Glad some people finally admit it was bogus – a decade and a half later – but there was never any evidence the plane crash did not happen and lots that it did. The first person to hint a “missile” hit the Pentagon was War Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, whose lack of sincerity should be obvious. A bigger question is why some “truth” seekers were unable to admit they were snookered. Meanwhile, the suppressed warnings, Air Force stand down and Alec Station are ignored by most of the 9/11 Half Truth Movement. Brian Rogers the missile slip from Rumsfeld was anything but evidence. peakchoicedotorg It was a setup, not a slip. — Just because someone says the government is lying does not mean they are telling the truth.” — John Judge http://www.ratical.org/ratville/JFK/JohnJudge/PAandAAF77.html The Pentagon Attack and American Airlines Flight 77 by John Judge “Hundreds of people saw the plane from windows of nearby buildings, from cars along the nearby highways, and some ducked because it flew over so low. Pentagon employees and construction workers at the site saw the events unfold before their eyes. Hundreds more took part in the clean-up operation and saw the wreckage. It is not difficult to find eyewitnesses to the event in DC. … “Families of victims and others who work at the airlines, as well as many witnesses I have spoken to, are offended and shocked by these unfounded speculations. Those willing to do a modicum of investigative work here in DC will be quickly disabused of this disinformation. “There are many legitimate unanswered questions about the events of September 11, 2001, its sponsorship, and the official version of events. We benefit from serious research and the issues raised by victim’s families seeking accountability. Not the least of these is the apparent lack of standard FAA/NORAD response to these emergency events. Rather than use our time proving and belaboring the obvious, or focusing on areas of total speculation that can only hurt our public credibility, I encourage serious researchers to focus on the historical context of the event, the alleged conspirators, the funding, and the government response or lack of it.” http://www.ratical.org/ratville/JFK/JohnJudge/notAllCequal.html Not all conspiracies are created equal by John Judge Brian Rogers ///it was setup not a slip //// sounds suspiciously like unfounded opinion, how do you carnac that? peakchoicedotorg http://www.ratical.org/ratville/JFK/JohnJudge/f77FoF.html Flight of Fantasy: 23 October 2002 …. There is no question that Flight 77 hit the Pentagon. Remaining agnostic on this point also gives ammunition to the perpetrators of the stand-down and serves to discredit the other good work that continues to be done about the reality of what happened that day. It is my feeling that this thesis was actually part of an intentional disinformation campaign that spreads red herrings to discredit the real findings. “These conspiracy theorists will believe anything” say our detractors. Let’s discover and present the hard facts and force the coincidence theorists to come up with plausible explanations instead of spewing out speculations we cannot back up and leaving ourselves on the defensive. Brian Rogers from that article you posted, I couldn’t get past 8 seconds in reading before the same lies from 2006… Ahahahahahahahaaahahahahahaha. //////We know the plane hit here in DC, because people saw it, hundreds of them.///////////// Again, like in my paper, here are the sources of the witness list, which is btw, unverified, and therefore UNRELIABLE, but we’ll go there for sake of argument. You people really need to stop lying. https://www.facebook.com/notes/brian-rogers/pentagon-witnesses-911-various-sources/10153625485875049 peakchoicedotorg A post on facebook does not invalidate anything, sorry. Of the six witnesses I personally know of, only one had their observations on line. It’s hard for someone spouting “truth” to admit having been fooled. Get over it. Meanwhile, who points out the suppressed warnings before the attack and the wargames during the attack that confused the air defense response? andy Not to mention how al-Midhar and al-Hazmi weren’t rolled up well before that day or the destruction of all records of the Able Danger program. Or,how in hell Moussaoui’s laptop remained unopened despite qualified FBI people screaming and yelling that they were sure he was part of an imminent hijacking operation. peakchoicedotorg Well, if the FBI had been allowed to look at his laptop before the attack then the New Pearl Harbor / American Reichstag Fire could not have happened … andy Agreed. Brian Rogers Refutation of Chandler … https://www.facebook.com/notes/brian-rogers/going-beyond-speculation-the-pentagon-official-govt-story-and-some-truthers-prea/10153613242615049 Brian Rogers if you notice on google, if you search Going Beyond Speculation, you’ll see I’m listed right under Chandlers Presentation lol, and it’s a facebook note!! lol. Constantly getting questions about my paper ..’why won’t chandler respond to colleagues within the movement?’ My answer, he’s unprofessional. Did some great work on the towers, but on the pentagon, he’s jumped the shark. jayr. Unlock the grip on the photos at the scene and all of this argument should be cleaned up in no time. But there are powers that want this to remain in the dark. Ha and they call us conspiracy theorists. . Jeremy R. Hammond You comment as though there wasn’t incontrovertible forensic evidence proving that the plane hit the Pentagon. There is. Brian Rogers you know, saying “incontrovertible” over and over doesn’t make it so Jeremy, tell us again about the hundreds of impact witnesses… Jeremy R. Hammond You know, denying the incontrovertible evidence of a plane impact over and over doesn’t make it any less of a proven fact. Brian Rogers are you aware of how little wreckage you have and the images seem to indicate fbi and others walking the parts from the emergency building out TO THE LAWN, and others milling around on the lawn with parts in hand minutes after the so called impact. They didn’t want to help with body removal?? Gotta get them parts placed for good photo ops immediately. Where’s your chain of custody? Even the witness list is unverified and you only have very few impact witnesses even though Chandler lies and says hundreds, you and he should be ashamed of yourself for supporting this unscientific drivel. https://www.facebook.com/notes/brian-rogers/going-beyond-speculation-the-pentagon-official-govt-story-and-some-truthers-prea/10153613242615049/ Jeremy R. Hammond What is unscientific drivel is denying the incontrovertible evidence of a plane impact, including the impact damage, identifiable plane debris, and remains of the victims. adamsyed What horrible scholarship. For a real serious counter to this sorry paper, watch the Pentagon chapter of Massimo Mazzucco’s film “The New Pearl Harbour” for a thorough refutation regarding the arguments in favor of the physical evidence being sufficient for a 757 crash. You see, Wyndham, Hoffman, Legge, Chandler, and Cole use the same arguments that “debunkers” use when arguing in favor of the physical i.e. photographic evidence being consistent with the 757 crash. And Mazzucco’s film is unique in that it shows us what the “debunkers'” arguments are with every aspect of 9/11 Truth, and why those arguments and claims miss the mark. And worst of all, Wyndham does not even mention the “North of the Citgo” flight path evidence that had been uncovered between 2006 and 2009 by Citizen Investigation Team or CIT. The paper accepts, at face value, the official account that the plane flew south of Columbia Pike, south of the Navy Annex and finally south of the Citgo and hit the 5 specific light poles seen in photos and video. The paper alarmingly accepts, at face value, the story of cab driver Lloyde England, even though there are several serious inconsistencies within Lloyde’s own tellings of the story, not to mention external contradictions from other witnesses who swear to a northerly flight path, inconsistent with the light pole vector, and finally not to mention that Lloyde’s story about himself and a ‘silent stranger’ removing the pole from the car and placing it on the pavement is not corroborated by any other witness. His story is also physically implausible, both the pole impact and the removal of. Also omitted is the testimony of Pentagon officer Roosevelt Roberts Jr., who was at the edge of the Pentagon’s interior when the huge explosion [presumably the crash] rocked the building, and within “ten seconds tops” he was outside at the loading dock, and saw the approach plane, a “commercial aircraft,” flying over the south parking lot, just above the light poles, AWAY from the Pentagon. These are just a few of many more omissions and face-value acceptances of official evidence. Obviously, evidence pointing towards staged physical damage [light poles] and a plane flying away from the building points to a total Inside Job at the MIHOP [made it happen on purpose] level. Wyndham’s omission of these facts is deliberate and conscious, because himself, Chandler, Legge and rest of them have been well aware of it since 2009. Brian Rogers It is a truly tragic paper on many levels, I’m surprised they didn’t do ‘due diligence’ to review it for these errors and exclusions. It’s like a term paper done the night before it’s due after a drinking binge. Jeremy R. Hammond If you think the article contains errors, you are welcome to point out what you think they are. Jeremy R. Hammond What horrible scholarship. You are welcome to point to any errors you think exist in the piece. I would merely note you haven’t done so. Please also familiarize yourself with the terms of use of the comments section. And worst of all, Wyndham does not even mention the “North of the Citgo” flight path evidence that had been uncovered between 2006 and 2009 by Citizen Investigation Team or CIT. On the contrary, the article does mention the CIT’s hypothesis and notes how untenable it is. These are just a few of many more omissions and face-value acceptances of official evidence. You are welcome to provide us with Roberts’ full statement. reallysearching And Jeremy, you are welcome to remember that pretty much the only things that are conclusive on this planet are taxes and death. You might want to knock that chip off your shoulder and join reality. You don’t have a market on the truth, the gov’t doesn’t have a market on the truth, and quite frankly, pretty much *everyone* that comes here is going to think that between you and I, one of us is an a**, but we are BOTH going to get votes in that direction. Nice of you to point out adamsyed’s comment obviously strikes a nerve, though ;) Jeremy R. Hammond I take from your comment that you, too, maintain that the above article is in error, but would merely observe that you’ve also declined to present an argument to support that view. I advise you, too, to familiarize yourself with the terms of use of the comments section. andy The usual flailing from another nutty wing of the controlled demolition cult. Nice job with this important article,Jeremy. Jeremy R. Hammond Andy, this discussion here isn’t about the WTC buildings, but the Pentagon. Yes, a plane hit the Pentagon; but, yes, the three WTC collapses were the result of controlled demolition. andy I disagree about demolitions and have responded elsewhere on this thread. andy Imagine Adam Syed,tyhe regular riot of truth talking about “willfully ignored evidence”! This is the same goof who assiduously refuses to do the simple research of the oral testimonies of the FDNY,which definitively and irrefutably prove that his sacred Building 7 was not blown up and collapsed after sustaining severe damage and raging uncontrollable fires. The only question that remains is this doofus on the same payroll as nutjobs like Les Jamieson and Alex Jones. Jeremy R. Hammond The free fall collapse of WTC 7 means no energy was available to do the work of buckling columns, as required by the fire-induced collapse hypothesis. But the topic here is the Pentagon. Please keep your comments on topic. andy I’ll just respond to you and the others and then let it go. I could easily prove you wrong,particularly about #7 as the proof is contained in the oral testimonies of the FDNY. If you care to engage privately,here or on another thread,I’m game. There was only a brief period of free fall and it certainly didn’t fall into its own footprint. Again,let me prove it to you civilly,as you are demonstrably in error. Thanks Jeremy R. Hammond The laws of physics were not suspended on 9/11. You are welcome to search FPJ for articles on the subject of WTC 7 and discuss that subject there. The subject of this thread is the Pentagon. andy Blowhard nutjob Adam Syed is so obsequious and useless that he needs Jeremy Hammond to respond to his critics. Being a self appointed cult “leader” (we’re certain he magnanimously refers to himself as a “facilitator”) he’s not able to handle real questions and strong rejoinders. The 9/11 “truth” movement in a nutshell! Or should we say,a husk of its former shell. Jeremy R. Hammond Since you’ve seemed so intent on getting yourself banned for violating the terms of use of the comments section of this site, I’ve granted your wish. whatwaysup All due respect to the panel, but “Beyond Reasonable Doubt” is not achieved. Certainty is not achieved. Probability is not achieved by this ‘closure’ motion. It is an Official narrative/position, backed by STATES evidence. Well or ill presented. Until ALL evidence is properly adjudicated – cross-examined – contested – in a courts of Law, under oath, and on -the-record, this remains a highly polished, published, but open, narrative. Given the fact that 911 is a fantastically sophisticated false flag operation as already established by the building behaviour forensics; that the Pentagon would not be, can be argued as against the flow of probability. Either way, until ALL evidence is made available for proper (due diligence) contest, ALL differing evidence chains remain, untested, and viable . Especially NOC. You cannot bring closure to an issue that remains open by virtue of the fact. andy The 9/11 “truth” movement is straight out of the Three Stooges,throwing haymaker after haymaker and hitting only themselves in the face. When you consider that they are actually still stuck in the LaBrea Tarpits like some demented woolly mammoth regarding the collapse of #7,it’s a wonder they haven’t all dried up and blown away like a bunch of tumble weeds. Dollars to donuts that if we scroll down these comments we’ll find the usual cast of idiots rattling on about Larry Silverstein pulling the tower and then scamming his insurance companies over the settlements.You just cannot make up stuff as stupid as that crowd. Jeremy R. Hammond The free fall collapse of WTC 7 means there was no energy available to do the work of buckling columns as required by the fire-induced collapse hypothesis. andy The FDNY knew it would collapse by 2 PM and created a perimeter.Since it is inconceivable that the oral testimonies were faked or that the FDNY is part of a conspiracy I urge you to look at the paper I linked (wtc7lies) and carefully investigate what the the real experts on burning buildings,the FDNY,say about #7. Jeremy R. Hammond Proof of foreknowledge of the collapse of WTC 7 hardly belies the fact that its free fall collapse means there was no energy available to do the work of buckling columns as required by the fire-induced collapse hypothesis. This thread is about the Pentagon. If you wish to discuss WTC 7, search FPJ for any of the articles on that topic and comment there. andy As I said to you earlier,Mr. Hammond,I merely wanted to respond to responses to my comments,among them are some from you.Curious that you fire off an argument in response to my points and then lecture me about not arguing the point. I’ve made my points and don’t plan to continue.However,if someone responds over the next days to anything I’ve said I trust that you will allow me to respond. The argument against/for demolitions at WTC are related to this thread,by the way,so I don’t really get your narrow definition of boundaries. By the way,the building had only a brief period of free-fall during its 15 second global collapse,which can be explained by the unusual construction of the building. Thanks. Jeremy R. Hammond Please stay on the topic of the Pentagon. If you’d like to continue the discussion of WTC 7, do so on one of the articles on that subject. andy That’s the fourth time,are you a robot? Jeremy R. Hammond If you have something intelligence to add to the discussion of the Pentagon, you are welcome to do so. As you seem disinclined to, you are on notice for trolling. Final warning. andy What could I add to John Judge or Mr. Wyndham? The pathology that they expose and the #7 rubbish are part and parcel of the problems inherent in this issue. Jeremy R. Hammond Anyone wishing to learn more about the controlled demolition of WTC 7 can find more here: http://www.foreignpolicyjournal.com/?s=wtc+7 Jeremy R. Hammond Great, then we agree you’ve had nothing intelligent to add to the discussion. Glad to come finally to a resolution. Jeremy R. Hammond Wow. What a fantastically juvenile strawman argument. I didn’t say that the energy went away. I said “The free fall collapse of WTC 7 means there was no energy available to do the work of buckling columns as required by the fire-induced collapse hypothesis.” So let me reiterate for you what that means: it means that all of the building’s potential energy was converted to kinetic energy. And, since you obviously don’t have a clue about simple high school physics, let me explain further what that means: An object in free fall can do no work, as all of its gravitational potential energy is being used in accelerating the object toward the ground. Conversely, if the mass of WTC 7 had been doing the work of buckling columns, it wouldn’t have been in free fall. So, once again (and perhaps this time you’ll be able to comprehend): The free fall collapse of WTC 7 means there was no energy available to do the work of buckling columns as required by the fire-induced collapse hypothesis. The laws of physics were not suspended on 9/11. Now, if you’d like to discuss the subject of WTC 7 further, please search FPJ and find one of its articles on that subject and comment there. The topic of this thread is the Pentagon. andy I have no doubt that you’ll eventually “comprehend” that the FDNY testimony obviates all of the computer modeling that biased scientists proffer.It’s actually a no-brainer. And,why is it OK for you to argue the demolition case but not OK for us? Jeremy R. Hammond The only computer modeling that biased scientists have proffered that I’m aware of is NIST’s. If you’d like to discuss WTC 7, do so on one of the FPJ articles about that topic. The topic being discussed here is the Pentagon. Last warning. andy Puh-leeze Mr. Fennerman! I’ve been banned from every 9/11 website,from the ridiculous (Infowars) to the sublime ( Russ Baker’s site) in my efforts to sound an alarum that the controlled demolition stuff is a dead end and easily dismissed by a general public alerted by more substantial stuff.Quite simply,it’s a cult and has the perspective of a fruit fly.It has no awareness of the plethora of evidence and arguments that render it useless and self-immolating.The sheer amount of dunces who actually still trot out the “Larry said to pull it” boggles the mind.Something tells me you’re on board that racist train. Hell,even Richard Gage subscribes to that malarkey. Like every other self appointed “leader” of the discussion of these important issues you have every attribute of the Bhagwan Shree Rashneesh’s security staff,who helped keep his saucer eyed followers from the information that he was banging every sannyasin in sight,criminally importing hash by the truckload and spending all you and your folks’ hard earned donations buying a fleet of Rolls-Royces. The fact that you keep arguing the issue while feigning stringent moderation coins you as everything that’s wrong with the 9/11 movement.A movement which has crab-walked itself into a corner and metamorphosized into the nutty,dead-enders Controlled Demolition Cult. Not only is it beyond ridiculous that you utterly reject the testimony of the firemen who were there that day,it is truly sad that you have so little confidence in the serious information that has been dug up over the past 15 years which hasn’t been argued against,much less debunked. A lack of confidence so profound that you lurch absurdly towards the least provable and,indeed,the most easily disproven,speculative plank that has poisoned the movement for years. If you think I could give a hoot about your hapless,weak minded warning then you really don’t have a clue. Since only a paltry few still tune into sites like yours,911truth or 911blogger etc. I understand that I’ve already hit the few dozen here with all the nutritious beef stew (‘wtc7lies’ paper and “WTC Not a Demolition” video on youtube and the oral testimonies of the FDNY concerning #7) they will need to extract themselves from the morass you all are in. You can threaten me with Soviet style censor all you want,all it does is show your slip and reinforce the reputation of the “truth” movement as a nutty bunch who drove themselves over to the outskirts of the lunatic fringe. The only thing I have to say to you is that your pretentious butt can take a flying fuck at a rolling donut and you should spend more of your time disabusing the numerous schnooks from the absurd,anti-Semitic powered argument about your cult’s Sacred Tower 7. Jeremy R. Hammond Well, now you’ve gone and gotten yourself banned, here, too, for violating the terms of use of the comments section. andy You’re not aware of much except the moldy rotting talking points that have been amply shown to be misinformation,when not disinformation. Take a hike,son. Threaten your kittens and goldfish and threaten Richard Gage for the major malfunction of falling for the “pull it” slander,numbnuts. Paul Large plane, perhaps. 767 or 757, definitely not. You don’t need to look past the initial photographs to tell that, unless the plane had exotic weaponry directed at it, a 767 could not have crashed there. The hole is too small for it to fit, and the debris outside is too sparse to make up for it. Jeremy R. Hammond That’s simply wrong. Free e-Book! Sign up to receive FPJ Weekly straight to your inbox plus get the e-book The Israel-Palestine Conflict: A Collection of Essays! Yes, send me the e-book! Almost there! Just click the link in the email we've sent to confirm the address your e-book should be delivered to. Follow FPJ Recent Posts The Purpose of Demonizing Putin But How Do You Use Nonviolence Against a Nuke? When Charlottesville Was Nuked Of Veterans and Black Mirror Roaches Why Palestinians Want to Sue Britain: 99 Years since the Balfour Declaration Popular Hillary Emails Reveal True Motive for Libya Intervention The Myth of the U.N. Creation of Israel Top Ten Myths about the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict Of Veterans and Black Mirror Roaches Rise of Islamic State was ‘a willful decision’: Former DIA Chief Michael Flynn © 2016 Foreign Policy Journal About Contact Advertise Submissions Writers Support FPJ Privacy Policy Terms of Use Pin It on Pinterest 303 4 4 3 1 Share This Facebook 303 Twitter 4 Google+ 4 LinkedIn 3 Print Friendly 1 Free e-Book on the Palestine Conflict! Sign up to receive FPJ Weekly, a free weekly digest of all the latest from Foreign Policy Journal, and get the e-book The Israel-Palestine Conflict: A Collection of Essays by FPJ Editor Jeremy R. Hammond Yes, send me the e-book! Almost there! Just click the link in the email we've just sent to confirm the address your e-book should be delivered to.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. US House votes to kill Boeing and Airbus sales to Iran 24/7 Wall St. 2 days ago Paul Ausick This has not been a particularly good week for Boeing. On Tuesday, one of its largest customers, United Continental Holdings announced that it will defer delivery of 61 Boeing 737-700s and substitute four 737-800s in its order for delivery next year. The announcement triggered a sell-off in Boeing stock, and the share price dropped about $5 as of the end of trading on Thursday. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▲ 146.35 +1.02 +0.70% United Continental Holdings Inc UAL ▲ 68.29 +0.43 +0.63% Spirit AeroSystems Holdings Inc SPR ▼ 55.51 -0.47 -0.84% Then on Wednesday the company said it will chop 500 jobs over four years in its defense division and close two plants, shifting about 2,500 employees to new work sites. But the week wasn't over yet. Late Thursday, the U.S. House of Representatives passed a bill blocking the sale of Boeing and Airbus commercial jets to Iran. Both Boeing and Airbus had plans in place to sell or lease about 200 planes to Iran, but the passage of the House bill forbids the Treasury Department from issuing licenses for the sale, and that means that U.S. banks will not be able to help finance any sales. Although Airbus is based in France, it is affected by the ban because at least 10% of its airplanes' components are made in the United States. The House bill is unlikely to become law in the waning days of the Obama administration, but when the new Trump administration takes over in January, with Republican control of both the Senate and the House, such a restriction might well be pushed through. Trump is also on record as opposed both to Boeing's plan to build an assembly plant in China and to the nuclear deal struck with Iran that lifted sanctions against the Islamic Republic and enabled the country to ramp up its oil exports and do business with companies like Boeing and Airbus. Boeing does nothing to help its cause by announcing that it plans to fire 500 workers. The President-elect's campaign promise to make the country great again depends on his ability to create more U.S. jobs, not jobs in China and Mexico for U.S. companies and their shareholders to profit from while American workers are left behind. As for the event that started Boeing's awful week, the United Continental deferral of delivery on new 737-700s and switching four orders to the larger 737-800s, this might have been good, rather than, bad news for Boeing. As Scott Hamilton at Leeham News points out, the switch to the larger plane and eventually to the 737 MAX family, Boeing stands to earn more profits than from the selling the smallest commercial jet it makes. Hamilton also notes that swapping one model for another is "routinely included [in] contract provisions." In the short run, Boeing has plenty of orders for the 737, and United's deferral simply means pulling some orders forward. That should present no problem for the company. And company that makes the 737 fuselage, Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, has actually seen its share price rise after dipping briefly following the United Continental announcement. That doesn't sound like Boeing is making plans to trim production of the plane. In Friday's premarket session, Boeing shares traded up about 0.1% at $145.45, after closing Thursday at $145.33. The stock's 52-week range is $102.10 to $150.59, and the consensus 12-month price target is $151.00. Go to MSN Home More in Companies Apple considers making iPhones in US, report says USA TODAY Fiat Chrysler teams up with Amazon to sell cars online Reuters Trump says Ford not moving US plant to Mexico Reuters Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Reuters Hundreds of O'Hare airport workers vote to strike Associated Press Snap IPO to test unicorn founder fortunes worth $31 billion Bloomberg Up Next Fiat Chrysler recalls some Jeeps and pickups over fuel leaks Associated Press AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from 247wallst Black Friday weather forecast looking good for retailers 24/7 Wall St. Top 8 Earnings in the Week Ahead 24/7 Wall St. Massive Energy and Health Care Trades Highlight Insider Buying: Abbott Labs, Baker Hughes, Datawatch, Impac Mortgage and More 24/7 Wall St. Marijuana REIT to Test IPO Market This Week 24/7 Wall St. 24/7 Wall St. View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Defense and Aerospace Highlight Jefferies Focus List of Industrial Stocks to Buy By Lee Jackson November 18, 2016 8:20 am EST Print Email Tweet For years we have covered the top stocks to Buy at Jefferies by tracking the firm’s Franchise List picks, which has outperformed the S&P 500 substantially since its debut in 2013. The firm recently introduced its Focus names list of stocks, and in their words: All of the 23 Franchise Picks are part of this list, but many more are included as well and these are institutionally relevant stocks where Jefferies analysts have observed elevated investor interest in their views, and the analysis around these stocks is often differentiated. Many of them are top picks. We screened this list by sectors to find top companies that are not only favorites at Jefferies, but that also may fare well in the new era of Trumponomics. We think the industrials should fare very well under the new administration, with defense and aerospace standing out. We found five outstanding picks on the focus list, and of course, all are rated Buy at Jefferies. Boeing This top aerospace industrial is finally up slightly for 2016 after some rough going earlier in the year. Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, manufactures, sells, services, and supports commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services worldwide. Top analysts have noted that the commercial aerospace business is cyclical, and there are some indications that airlines may have expanded their wide-body fleets too aggressively in recent years, suggesting a period of weaker demand going forward. In addition, the fall in oil prices reduces the incentive to upgrade to the most fuel-efficient planes. Boeing is launching refreshed versions of the 737 and the 777 in the next couple of years. The company was recently awarded a $478.79 million contract for engineering manufacturing and development of a Passive/Active Warning and Survivability System for the F-15 Eagle fighter jet. With Donald Trump’s pledge to rebuild the military, a positive for the aerospace and defense sector, the stock looks like a solid valuation play at current levels. Boeing investors are paid a solid 3% dividend. The Jefferies price target for the stock is $165, and the Wall Street consensus price target is $151. The shares closed trading on Thursday at $145.33. General Dynamics This company, like other major defense prime contractors, had a very solid year and also makes the Focus list at Jefferies. General Dynamics Corp. (NYSE: GD) is a worldwide aerospace and defense company, and it has over 96,000 employees worldwide. General Dynamics operates through four business groups: Aerospace, Combat Systems, Marine Systems and Information Systems and Technology. The U.S. government is its largest customer, which should continue to bode well as Congress remains in Republican hands after the recent elections. The U.S. Coast Guard recently awarded General Dynamics Mission Systems a $125.6 million follow-on contract to provide Rescue 21 program management, system support and maintenance and sustainment engineering support for the U.S. Coast Guard Command, Control and Communications Engineering Center. Shareholders are paid a 1.83% dividend. Jefferies has a $175 price target, while the consensus estimate is set at $175.94. The stock closed most recently at $165.63 a share. Pages: 1/2 « Top 10 IPO Candidates for 2017 Best Time to Buy a Used Car? Black Friday » Read more: Industrials, Analyst Upgrades, featured, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), General Dynamics (NYSE:GD), Ingersoll-Rand Company Limited (NYSE:IR), Raytheon Company (NYSE:RTN) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The 10 States With the Worst Gun Violence The Drunkest City in Each State America's 25 Murder Capitals NASCAR Star Mark Martin Lists House for $2.55 Million The Richest Countries in the World Recent Top 8 Earnings in the Week Ahead Massive Energy and Health Care Trades Highlight Insider Buying: Abbott Labs, Baker Hughes, Datawatch, Impac Mortgage and More Marijuana REIT to Test IPO Market This Week Lowe’s Black Friday Deals Revealed Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Just in Time for Christmas, AeroVironment Unveils Its New Drone Customers Will Hate United Airlines' New Basic Economy Fare, but It's a Great Move 6 Ways to Avoid a Tax Audit in 2017 Facebook shares up more than 1% on buyback news Facebook to buy back up to $6 bln in Class A shares Russell 2000's 11-day win streak is longest since 12-session stretch ending June 5, 2003 American Airlines (AAL) Has Been Soaring Since Earnings, Can It Continue? What's Next for Microsoft (MSFT) Stock? On the Verge of 2200 A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively What Happens to Utility Stocks in a Trump Administration? Q&A: Target's chief merchandising officer Mark Tritton 7 Facts About Medicare Advantage You Didn't Know Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg Finally Details Fake News Countermeasures Donald Trump Says Settling Fraud Case Is Only Bad Part Of Winning The Presidency Watch How Excited Shep Smith Gets About ChapStick Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New Updated 11/20/16 12:40 PM EST Kissinger: Don't expect Trump to maintain all his promises By David Cohen "One should not insist on nailing [Trump] into positions that he had taken in the campaign," he said. Presidential Transition 11/20/16 12:21 PM EST Trump cranks up speed of transition By Matthew Nussbaum But he still takes some time out for Twitter feuds. 11/20/16 11:52 AM EST Rand Paul slams State contenders Bolton, Giuliani By Patrick Temple-West “Giuliani and Bolton are out there on the extreme," the GOP senator says. The Queen to invite Donald Trump to U.K. By Joanna Plucinska Theresa May's government considers the monarch a 'secret weapon' in efforts to maintain close relations with Washington. 11/20/16 11:19 AM EST Ethics reform bill a Trump priority, Pence says By Patrick Temple-West “The president-elect is determined to move ethics reform in the next year in the Congress.” 11/20/16 11:08 AM EST Former CIA director pleased with Pompeo pick By Rebecca Morin "I actually am aware that the broader intelligence community was heartened by that pick," Michael Hayden says. Updated 11/20/16 11:08 AM EST Priebus: Citizens of certain countries will be barred By Patrick Temple-West "We will try to pinpoint the problems and temporarily suspend those areas from coming into the United States.” 11/20/16 10:34 AM EST New York Democrat Rice supports Tim Ryan's bid to unseat Pelosi By John Bresnahan The former prosecutor is the first to publicly announce support for Ryan. 11/20/16 10:31 AM EST TRUMP huddling with ARI EMANUEL today -- HE’S NOT THROWING AWAY HIS SHOT: Trump continues criticism of Hamilton -- SNL’s TRUMP cold-open -- SCHUMER on Trump: ‘He was not my friend’ -- B’DAY: Joe Biden By Jake Sherman, Anna Palmer and Daniel Lippman Updated 11/20/16 09:58 AM EST Trump calls retired Gen. Mattis 'impressive' By Bryan Bender Trump on Sunday morning called retired Marine General James Mattis "impressive." 11/20/16 09:47 AM EST Pence: Trump to push repeal of Obamacare By Patrick Temple-West "He wants to focus out of the gate on repealing Obamacare," the vice president-elect says. 11/20/16 09:30 AM EST Trump talks up 'good relationship' with Schumer By POLITICO Staff The president-elect expressed optimism that he can get things done with Sen. Chuck Schumer. 11/20/16 09:09 AM EST Trump's wide-ranging Saturday meetings By Matthew Nussbaum Among those he met with: Mitt Romney, Michelle Rhee and retired Gen. James Mattis. 11/20/16 09:03 AM EST Schumer lays out where Democrats can work with Trump By Patrick Temple-West The New York senator sees area of common ground. 11/20/16 08:59 AM EST Trump slams 'SNL' sketch By Rebecca Morin He also doubles down on his criticism of "Hamilton." Germany: Angela Merkel to run for fourth term By Janosch Delcker The German chancellor is expected to make a formal announcment later Sunday. Tony Blair: Theresa May is a 'lightweight' By Joanna Plucinska As he tries to return to politics, the former British prime minister also criticized Labor leader Jeremy Corbyn. Doctors link tanning beds with cigarettes to make cancer case By Carmen Paun A European Commission report on safety of tanning beds is due by the end of the month. The Big Idea 11/20/16 07:37 AM EST How the Left Created Trump By Rob Hoffman Nov. 8 represented an explosion of anger on the right at years of smugness and disdain by liberals. Washington And The World 11/20/16 07:18 AM EST Team Trump’s Message: The Clash of Civilizations Is Back By Michael Hirsh From Bannon’s defense of the “Judeo-Christian West” to Flynn’s attacks on Muslims, some nat sec experts fear the incoming Trump administration believes... Congress Updated 11/20/16 07:14 AM EST House Democrats lament blue-collar collapse By Maggie Severns and Theodoric Meyer Some fear that the party’s move toward urban and suburban voters will eventually shut Democrats out of former white working-class strongholds. Transportation 11/20/16 07:07 AM EST Trump's $1 trillion plan hits D.C. speed bumps By Lauren Gardner Donald Trump’s pitch for a $1 trillion upgrade of the nation’s roads, bridges, tunnels and airports is already running into potholes as it meets reality... Congress 11/20/16 07:01 AM EST Foes pile on Ellison in DNC chair fight By Daniel Strauss A top contender for party chair hits a roadblock. 11/19/16 10:46 PM EST Ronald Reagan enters presidential race: Nov. 20, 1975 By Andrew Glass On this day in 1975, Ronald Reagan announced his candidacy for the Republican presidential nomination, challenging Gerald Ford, who had moved into the... Updated 11/19/16 07:39 PM EST Trump: Hamilton cast harassed Pence By Rebecca Morin "Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!"... Updated 11/19/16 05:26 PM EST Alt-right celebrates Trump’s election at D.C. meeting By Katie Glueck “Donald Trump’s campaign was the first step towards identity politics in the United States,” cheered Richard Spencer, the president of the National Policy... 11/19/16 04:37 PM EST House Judiciary Democrats announce opposition to Sessions By Brent Griffiths “We have grave concerns with Senator Sessions’ potential nomination for this post and urge President-elect Trump to reconsider.” 11/19/16 03:53 PM EST Fox News’ Eric Bolling talking to Trump team about Commerce gig By Hadas Gold The news host was spotted at Trump Tower in New York City on Wednesday. 11/19/16 03:03 PM EST McCain warns Trump on torture, waterboarding By Michael Crowley "I don’t give a damn what the president of the United States wants to do. We will not waterboard,” McCain said. Presidential Transition 11/19/16 02:42 PM EST Trump offers olive branch to Romney By Brent Griffiths Romney called Trump a fraud earlier this year. On Saturday he shook Trump's hand. Fourth Estate 11/19/16 01:06 PM EST Stop Being Trump’s Twitter Fool By Jack Shafer By this time you'd expect that people would have figured out when Donald Trump is yanking their chain and pay him the same mind they do phone calls tagged... Backtalk 11/19/16 01:01 PM EST The Tea Party Movement Is Alive and Well—And We Saw Trump Coming By Jenny Beth Martin In an article POLITICO published this summer, a former employee of a PAC alleged that the 'Tea Party is dead,' claiming that bogus PACs had swallowed up... 11/19/16 12:01 PM EST Iran deal foe Schumer not ready to scrap it By Elana Schor, Burgess Everett and John Bresnahan The Senate Democratic leader says another year or two is needed to assess whether the pact is working. 11/19/16 12:00 PM EST SATURDAY MORNINGS WITH THE PRESIDENT ELECT -- PENCE booed at Hamilton -- The Playbook Interview: Andy Puzder -- STEVE BANNON speaks -- WEEKEND READS -- B’DAY: Matt Lloyd By Jake Sherman, Anna Palmer and Daniel Lippman Congress 11/19/16 12:00 PM EST Schumer on Trump: 'He was not my friend' By Burgess Everett, John Bresnahan and Elana Schor In a POLITICO interview, the minority leader addresses his relationship with the incoming president and the outlook for 2017. 11/19/16 11:55 AM EST Trump to meet with Christie on Sunday By Brent Griffiths Trump pulled the plug on Christie's leadership after finding the team stacked with lobbyists and Christie allies, and amid concerns over the fallout of... 11/19/16 09:51 AM EST Steve Bannon fires back at the media By POLITICO Staff Bannon said he wore the attacks on him as an “emblem of pride.” 11/19/16 09:21 AM EST Trump claims he settled fraud case because he was too busy By Brent Griffiths “The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!,” Trump tweeted. 11/19/16 08:31 AM EST Trump talks with 3 more world leaders By POLITICO Staff Trump so far has spoken to about three dozen world leaders. 11/19/16 07:42 AM EST Trump’s Twitter feed has suddenly gotten a lot more interesting By Madeline Conway With the president-elect in seclusion for transition work, his tweets are the only direct channel into his thinking. Presidential transition 11/19/16 07:41 AM EST Obama loyalists plot Trump resistance By Sarah Wheaton Alumni of the Obama White House spent days mourning Trump's win. Now they're ready to fight. Congress 11/19/16 07:40 AM EST Democrats plan assault on Trump's ethical conflicts By Darren Samuelsohn They're eager to make Republicans uncomfortable with oversight of a president who ran on a promise to 'drain the swamp.' Presidential Transition 11/19/16 07:39 AM EST Inside Chris Christie's fall from grace By Alex Isenstadt It was Trump himself who lost confidence in the New Jersey governor, transition sources say. 11/19/16 07:19 AM EST Breitbart may need to reveal business structure to secure Capitol Hill press credentials By Hadas Gold On Friday Breitbart News appeared before the Standing Committee of the Senate Press Gallery in order to secure permanent Capitol Hill credentials. But... Updated 11/19/16 03:35 AM EST Donald Trump's Cabinet-in-waiting: What we know so far By Andrew Restuccia The list features a wide range of political insiders, mixed with people from the business world. 11/18/16 11:56 PM EST Reagan and Gorbachev meet in Geneva, Nov. 19, 1985 By Andrew Glass For the first time in six years, on this day in 1985, the leaders of the United States and the Soviet Union held a summit conference. 11/18/16 09:07 PM EST Woodson says he's being considered for HUD position By Bianca Padró Ocasio Robert Woodson Sr. says he's being considered for a spot in Donald Trump's administration. 11/18/16 08:57 PM EST Huckabee says cabinet position discussed with Trump not 'the right fit' By Cristiano Lima "We talked about an opportunity," Huckabee says. "But you know, I'm not sure it was the right fit." Presidential Transition 11/18/16 08:43 PM EST Sessions pick as AG could spark exodus from civil rights division By Josh Gerstein A former leader says Justice staffers are alarmed by the Alabama senator's record on racial issues. US banks lay groundwork to leave London — reluctantly You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Donald Trump Mike Pence Paul Ryan Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Reince Priebus Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us Obama loyalists plot Trump resistance Democrats plan assault on Trump's ethical conflicts Schumer on Trump: 'He was not my friend' Inside Chris Christie's fall from grace Trump: Hamilton cast harassed Pence Stop Being Trump’s Twitter Fool Politico Morning Transportation A daily speed read on transportation and infrastructure Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Proposed rule on airborne cellphone calls coming By Brianna Gurciullo 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST With help from Lauren Gardner, Tanya Snyder, Ben Weyl and Annie Snider PROPOSED RULE ON AIRBORNE CELLPHONE CALLS COMING: President Barack Obama’s outgoing administration expects to release a proposed rule this month on banning cellphone calls while aboard commercial flights. The timeline for the proposed rulemaking was included in a regulatory update on OMB’s website, as our Lauren Gardner reports for Pros. Story Continued Below Under a microscope: Lauren notes that both lobbyists and Republican lawmakers are closely watching any moves the administration makes on new regulations before President-elect Donald Trump enters office. While the new Trump DOT could simply rescind a proposed rulemaking, like the pending voice calls one, it would take an act of Congress to reverse a rule that gets finalized. In other rules: FAA has slated its “drones-over-people” rule for December. And FRA is supposed to issue a final rule (decried by freights but praised by labor) establishing requirements for the minimum sizes of train crews in January. But, as Lauren reports, it’s uncertain whether members of Congress would try to overturn the final rule if it comes before Inauguration Day. HAPPY FRIDAY: Good morning and thanks for tuning in to POLITICO’s Morning Transportation, your daily tipsheet on all things trains, planes, automobiles and ports. Since it’s Friday, take a couple minutes to enjoy this heartwarming story about a cat that got stuck on top of a water tower and was safely rescued, with the help of a drone. (h/t InterDrone News). Please send tips, feedback, song lyrics and cat videos to bgurciullo@politico.com or @brigurciullo. “Car overheats, jump out of my seat. On the side of the highway, baby. Our road is long, your hold is strong. Please don't ever let go. Oh, no.” Want to keep up with all of MT’s song picks? Follow our Spotify playlist. HOUSE PASSES ‘MIDNIGHT RULES’ BILL: While we’re on the topic of last-minute rules, the House voted largely along party lines Thursday to pass legislation that would allow lawmakers to bundle regulations issued in the last year of a presidential administration and challenge them all at once. Republican supporters of H.R. 5982, the Midnight Rules Relief Act, said it would prevent the legislative branch from getting bogged down with Congressional Review Act resolutions, as Pro Energy’s Alex Guillén reports. The White House has threatened to veto the bill. … AND A BILL ON PLANE SALES TO IRAN: Speaking of legislation the president would veto, the House passed a bill Thursday to ban the Treasury Department from granting the kinds of licenses to banks that are necessary for finalizing passenger aircraft sales to Iran. Two months ago, Airbus and Boeing received the OK to sell commercial aircraft to Iran. Iran Air has struck deals with Airbus and Boeing to buy and lease a total of over 200 planes, as The Associated Press reports. Those agreements are estimated to be worth billions of dollars. Democrats who voted against the bill, H.R. 5711, said the Boeing and Airbus deals would lead to more jobs. But GOP lawmakers argued that Iran has sponsored terrorism and defied United Nations resolutions. PELOSI AND PENCE TALK INFRASTRUCTURE: House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said she and Vice President-elect Mike Pence discussed infrastructure during their meeting Thursday on Capitol Hill. “We had a straightforward conversation about how we can work together on infrastructure” and other issues, Pelosi said during the photo-op that came after her meeting with Pence. Pence said that he, incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell are “beginning to discuss areas that we might move forward on together,” including coming up with ways to “revive our economy” and “improve American lives.” ** A message from the National Association of Manufacturers: It’s time for America to come together. The National Association of Manufacturers believes moving forward means #BeTheSolution. Investment in infrastructure, including ways to advance energy infrastructure, is a promising place to start. Learn more about the NAM’s infrastructure initiative, “Building to Win,” and how, together, we can build economic growth. http://www.nam.org/buildingtowin ** DELANEY DEFENDS HIS INFRASTRUCTURE, TAX IDEAS: Rep. John Delaney shot down the idea of using repatriated revenues to fund tax cuts on Thursday, saying the money should be used for investing in infrastructure. Republicans on the House Ways and Means Committee, including Chairman Kevin Brady, have shown a lack of enthusiasm for using repatriated funds for infrastructure upgrades. But Delaney, who’s introduced legislation on creating an infrastructure bank and overhauling international taxes, told our Tanya Snyder that Democrats are more likely to come on board if infrastructure is involved. “Why wouldn’t you do two good things rather than just one? Our proposal is more stimulative,” he said. “You’re giving each side a win. When you do international tax and then you cut domestic rates you’re giving two wins to Republicans and nothing to Democrats, so it’s not bipartisan.” A CR IS LOOKING LIKELY, FOLKS: House Speaker Paul Ryan said during a Republican Conference meeting Thursday that GOP leaders and the inbound Trump administration are getting close to agreeing on a plan to push forward a continuing resolution that will fund the federal government at current levels through March. “The short-term patch is aimed at giving Trump a say in next year's funding priorities and preventing President Barack Obama from putting his mark on a massive spending deal,” POLITICO’s Rachael Bade, Burgess Everett and Kyle Cheney report. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell seems to be coming on board with Ryan, even though he preferred to wrap up funding the government through fiscal 2017. But the road ahead won’t be the easiest. “A short-term CR isn’t as simple as it sounds,” the POLITICO trio notes. “Lawmakers from both parties as well as the Obama administration will want to include a host of policy or funding tweaks, known as ‘anomalies,’ to ensure that federal operations continue unhindered.” UPTON: FLINT AID LIKELY TO GO IN CR: An aid package to help Flint, Mich., deal with contaminated drinking water will probably be included in a spending bill instead of the Water Resources Development Act, House Energy and Commerce Chairman Fred Upton said Thursday. As Pro Energy’s Annie Snider reports, lawmakers have cast doubt on whether the House and Senate can work out the differences between their WRDA bills before the end of the year. “We’ll see how this plays out, but the thought is at this point that we’ll do a CR through the end of February or so,” Upton said Thursday. “Our goal is to have it in that. If not, it will be in the omnibus. It will be in one of the two, and our preference is that it be in the CR.” AUTOMAKERS TO STATES: BACK OFF: The Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers will express frustration with state efforts to regulate autonomous vehicles on their own in its forthcoming comments on NHTSA’s new guidance for self-driving cars. In the comments — provided exclusively to POLITICO — the Auto Alliance says NHTSA contradicts itself on whether states should wade into this area. As Tanya reports for Pros, 34 states and the District of Columbia have taken a stab at passing their own guidance on driverless cars, prompting concerns from automakers about a “patchwork” of state regulations that the federal guidance was supposed to prevent. The Auto Alliance will tell NHTSA that “clarifying this ambiguous area is critical in the next few months to avoid a mishmash of differing state laws that delay the benefits of emerging technology.” DONALD THE DISRUPTER: Trump is a “disruption” for the aerospace industry, an Airbus executive told POLITICO Europe’s Joshua Posaner and Alberto Mucci. In an interview with Marwan Lahoud, the company’s vice president for international strategy and public affairs, our EU colleagues asked: “Reports claim a Donald Trump presidency could be good for Airbus, as China threatens to shift contracts from Boeing under a protectionist U.S. administration. Do you see it as an opportunity?” Lahoud said: “First, no one knows what a Trump presidency means, except Trump himself, and I have not asked him. If we judge from what we heard during the campaign, and we need to take that with caution, there are some questions about protectionism. Aviation is about open space and free trade. One can say that the Trump election is a wake-up call for many people. We need to think about what will happen to us and how the world will change in the next months. It's not just business as usual. Mr. Trump is a disruption.” IT’S ALL PART OF THE PLAN: The European Commission plans to release a “masterplan” for driverless and connected vehicles on Nov. 30, Joshua Posaner reports for POLITICO Europe. “The so-called Connected Driving (CIT-S) Masterplan will lay out a technical roadmap for the deployment of new car technology and set out a plan for ensuring adequate internet connectivity,” Josh reports. “A hybrid-communication system will be proposed using Wi-Fi and cellular connections like 4G, and eventually 5G, for linking up internet equipped car systems.” AMTRAK REPORTS RECORD HIGHS IN NOVEMBER: Amtrak posted a banner year in fiscal 2016, reporting record-breaking ridership numbers, aggregate ticket revenues and operating loss (that one’s a new low), as our Lauren Gardner reports for Pros. The government-backed company’s $227 million operating loss represented a 25 percent drop from last year’s — though the older figure was at least partially inflated by the costs Amtrak incurred because of the fatal May 2015 derailment in Philadelphia. The passenger railroad served 31.3 million passengers in fiscal 2016, a 1.3 percent bump from the previous year. Some semantics: Amtrak also made nearly $2.14 billion in unaudited ticket revenue, a $12 million jump over fiscal 2015. But that new record reflects adjusted ticket sales — so accounting for things like private car revenues and cross-commuter benefits — whereas gross revenue hovered around $2.19 billion, seeing a slight increase over fiscal 2015 by $6.7 million. Why the distinction? In past years, Amtrak reported just the gross revenue figure, but switched to the adjusted number in Thursday’s announcement. A spokeswoman said the company is changing the way it communicates the figures “to more closely align with our public financial statements.” ACC: DON’T STOP NOW, STB: As we mentioned in Thursday’s MT, the Association of American Railroads is calling on the Surface Transportation Board to hold off on big rulemakings until the new administration begins and all the seats on the board are filled. The American Chemistry Council responded later Thursday by telling MT there’s “no good reason for the STB to wait any longer to update our nation’s antiquated freight rail policies.” The group argues that current regulations are “shielding the rail industry from the free market.” AAR and ACC are at odds over STB’s proposed “reciprocal switching” rule. ACC claims the rule would “promote greater competition amongst rail carriers,” while freight railroads prefer the status quo. “Last week’s election was clear proof that Americans want change, and the STB needs to act sooner rather than later on removing regulatory barriers to growing our economy,” ACC said. SHIFTING GEARS: Deborah Chase Hopkins will join Union Pacific’s board of directors in January, after she retires as CEO of Citi Ventures. Hopkins previously worked at Boeing, Lucent Technologies, General Motors, GM Europe, Unisys and Ford. Eric Butler has been appointed executive vice president and chief administrative officer at Union Pacific. Butler is replacing Diane Duren, who will retire in February and serve as senior vice president and corporate secretary in the meantime. Beth Whited is succeeding Butler as executive vice president and chief marketing officer. Kari Kirchhoefer is taking Whited’s place as vice president and general manager of chemicals. All will officially start their new roles Dec. 1. Boeing’s chairman, president and CEO, Dennis Muilenburg, was elected as the new chairman of the Aerospace Industries Association’s board of governors. Muilenburg will replace Marillyn Hewson, the chairman, president and CEO of Lockheed Martin. Thomas Kennedy, the chairman and CEO of Raytheon, will be the board’s new vice chairman. SLICE OF PI: Over 100 executives in the travel industry were in town Thursday for a board meeting of the U.S. Travel Association. They discussed “working with the new administration, especially on infrastructure issues such as airport modernization,” our friends at POLITICO Influence report. “The group’s lobbying team has briefed the Trump campaign and transition team.” THE AUTOBAHN: — "Donald Trump takes credit for helping to save a Ford plant that wasn’t closing." The New York Times. — “VW’s chief faces long road to overhaul automaker.” The Wall Street Journal. — “Tesla, SolarCity merger gets shareholder approval.” The Wall Street Journal. — "Trump-size idea for a new president: Build something inspiring." The New York Times. — Rep. Jerry Nadler’s “murky motivations spark speculation at Port Authority.” POLITICO New Jersey. — "Metro pulls rail cars from service after discovering collision risk." The Washington Post. — "At the Los Angeles Auto Show, an industry ponders its digital future. The New York Times. THE COUNTDOWN: DOT appropriations run out in 21 days. The FAA reauthorization expires in 315 days. Highway and transit policy is up for renewal in 1,415 days. ** A message from the National Association of Manufacturers: Great nations build and invest in great infrastructure. When communities have greater access to economic opportunities and when manufacturers have efficient ways to move goods to market, the quality of life rises, productivity soars and societies thrive. Current U.S. infrastructure, however, is in an alarming state of disrepair and in urgent need of strong investments. Manufacturers want to #BeTheSolution. So as we call for healing and moving our country forward, we are calling for a major investment in renewing our transportation systems and advancing energy infrastructure. Americans are demanding a stronger, more inclusive economy. And that’s why infrastructure can be part of the answer. Historical data indicates that previous significant investments in infrastructure have aligned with high levels of growth and more aggressive economic activity. That starts with sending WRDA to the President’s desk this year. In 2017,the President-elect and Congress must act boldly. Learn more from the NAM’s “Building to Win” infrastructure initiative. http://www.nam.org/buildingtowin ** « View Archives Authors: Brianna Gurciullo bgurciullo@politico.com @brigurciullo About The Author Brianna Gurciullo is a transportation reporter for POLITICO Pro and the writer of Morning Transportation. Before joining the transportation team, she was an intern at POLITICO, working with POLITICO Influence, breaking news and POLITICO Magazine. Brianna previously interned with Hearst, the Center for Responsive Politics and The Chicago Tribune. She was also a 2015 fellow for investigative reporting initiative News21. An alumna of the George Washington University, Brianna served as editor in chief of The GW Hatchet. Most Read Fox News’ Eric Bolling talking to Trump team about Commerce gig Stop Being Trump’s Twitter Fool Trump's $1 trillion plan hits D.C. speed bumps McCain warns Trump on torture, waterboarding Trump offers olive branch to Romney Trump slams 'SNL' sketch Alt-right celebrates Trump’s election at D.C. meeting Foes pile on Ellison in DNC chair fight Team Trump’s Message: The Clash of Civilizations Is Back How the Left Created Trump Morning Transportation - POLITICO Archive Friday, 11/18/16 Thursday, 11/17/16 Wednesday, 11/16/16 Tuesday, 11/15/16 Monday, 11/14/16 View the Full Morning Transportation Archives » Politico Magazine Team Trump’s Message: The Clash of Civilizations Is Back By Michael Hirsh What Trump Voters Want Now By Michael Kruse How the Left Created Trump By Rob Hoffman How White Nationalists Learned To Love Donald Trump By J.M. Berger More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Enter your email Address Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Contract Awards / State Dept OKs $10B Sale of Boeing Super Hornet, Northrop, Raytheon & GE Components to Kuwait State Dept OKs $10B Sale of Boeing Super Hornet, Northrop, Raytheon & GE Components to Kuwait Jane Edwards November 18, 2016 Contract Awards, News 723 Views The State Department has given Kuwait the go-ahead to procure Boeing-built (NYSE: BA) F/A-18E/F Super Hornet aircraft and related components and support from the U.S. government under a potential $10.1 billion foreign military sales agreement. Boeing, Northrop Grumman (NYSE: NOC), Raytheon (NYSE: RTN) and General Electric will act as principal contractors for the sale that covers 32 F/A-18E fighter jets and eight F/A-18F planes equipped with F414-GE-400 engines, the Defense Security Cooperation Agency said Thursday. Kuwait will use the aircraft and related services to build up its homeland defense, address warfare threats, support coalition operations and facilitate interoperability with U.S. forces. The FMS transaction also covers AN/APG-79 Active Electronically Scanned Array radar, M61A2 20mm gun systems, AN/ALR-67(V)3 radar warning receivers, AN/ALE-47 airborne countermeasures dispenser systems, LAU-127E/A guided-missile launchers, fuel tanks, link-16 platforms and joint helmet mounted cueing systems. The contractors will also provide aircraft spares, identification friend or foe systems, night vision goggles, training assistance, flight test services, storage and preservation services, avionics software support, engineering, logistics and technical services as well as assign representatives to Kuwait. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags AN/APG-79 AESA radar Boeing defense security cooperation agency dsca F/A-18E/F Super Hornet F414-GE-400 engine featured fighter jet FMS foreign military sales agreement GE General Electric govcon kuwait Northrop Grumman Raytheon State Department Related Articles November 18 Market Close: GovCon Index Narrowly Green to Close 2nd Straight Weekly Gain November 18, 2016 Weekly Roundup November 14 – November 18, 2016: ‘Big 3’ Credit Rating Firm Ups Defense Outlook & more November 18, 2016 State Dept Clears Potential $21B F-15 Sale to Qatar November 18, 2016 Check Also DLA Awards $252M in Retail Electricity Contracts to 5 Firms Five companies have won two-year contracts worth up to $252.5 million combined for retail electricity and ancillary/incidental … Ensco Wins $145M AF Space & Missile Systems Center Support Contract Ensco has won a potential six-year, $145 million contract to perform systems engineering and integration efforts … Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags CGI to Support Cloud Migration of GAO Financial Mgmt System November 18, 2016 November 18 Market Close: GovCon Index Narrowly Green to Close 2nd Straight Weekly Gain November 18, 2016 Weekly Roundup November 14 – November 18, 2016: ‘Big 3’ Credit Rating Firm Ups Defense Outlook & more November 18, 2016 Vencore to Continue Support for GSA Public Buildings IT Service; Mac Curtis Comments November 18, 2016 Harris’ Falcon III Radio Receives NSA Certification to Utilize MUOS Waveform November 18, 2016 Deloitte Reports $468B 2015 Cost Overrun for Major Defense Acquisition Programs; Robin Lineberger Comments October 27, 2016 9,099 Huntington Ingalls to Buy Camber for $380M to Add IT, Govt Services Market Footprints November 2, 2016 3,471 L-3 Signals More Acquisitions This Year, CACI & Raytheon Pivot to Organic Growth Focus October 28, 2016 2,493 BC Partners, Medina Capital Seek to Add Analytics, Machine Learning Tools to Cyber JV Via Brainspace Purchase November 7, 2016 2,214 Harris to Sell Maritime Comm Business for $425M, First Divestiture Since Jana Pact November 1, 2016 2,147 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... featured govcon Executive Mosaic Lockheed Martin ExecutiveBiz Contract Awards business news Financial News Defense Department government contracting Northrop Grumman Executive moves Raytheon Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index U.S. Air Force DOD press release U.S. Navy Defense Contracting Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor ExecutiveBiz State Dept Approves UK Purchase of $1B Worth General Atomics Predator B UAS SC3 Appoints Natl Security Industry Vet Susan Holley as Business Devt SVP Mitre Appoints Mike Rogers, Cathy Minehan to Board of Trustees AECOM Appoints LaMont Wells an EVP for Mgmt Services Group; John Vollmer Comments Raytheon to Provide Aerial Decoy Jammers to USAF Under $76M Contract Option BAE to Provide Post-Delivery Services for Navy Zumwalt-Class Destroyers Under $193M IDIQ @Follow Me CGI to Support Cloud Migration of GAO Financial Mgmt System https://t.co/LrFIlyELYU #CGI #cloud2016/11/18 #GovConIndex advances to post 2nd straight weekly gain. $BA $LLL $RTN $CSRA $ACM $GD #GovCon https://t.co/gnSsfDgXBU2016/11/18 Our publisher @jimgarrettson's take on Fitch Ratings' defense sector outlook in his Weekly Roundup. #GovCon https://t.co/tD5uhMCaZ12016/11/18 Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
November 20, 2016 0559 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:172310 Publish Date: Fri, 18 Nov 2016 14:47:15 GMT Service: Business Trade war with China would be bad news for Boeing Throughout his campaign, President-elect Donald Trump railed against China and its trade practices, saying it has sucked jobs out of the US. His prescription: To prosecute trade cases against the country for its ‘unfair subsidy behavior’ and slap tariffs as high as 45 percent on its exports. According to Bloomberg, If Trump makes good on his threat to spark a trade fight, chances are that the largest exporter in the US — Boeing — will be one of its first casualties. “China will take a tit-for-tat approach then,” wrote Global Times in an editorial on Nov. 13. “A batch of Boeing orders will be replaced by Airbus.” Of course, Boeing wouldn’t be the only company to take a hit in the ensuing trade war. Sales to China of everything from American autos and iPhones to soybeans and corn would likely be curtailed or halted in retaliation, according to Global Times. But no company is poised to take it on the chin harder than the Chicago-based aerospace giant. This year alone, Boeing stands to reap an estimated $11.03 billion from 164 plane deliveries to China. Most of those sales are for narrow-body 737 jets, the company’s most profitable model. Since 2000 the manufacturer has delivered 967 aircraft to China, worth about $60.2 billion at 2016 prices, according to FlightGlobal data crunched by Bloomberg Intelligence. Boeing is also locked into long-term contracts worth about $1 billion a year with several suppliers in China. Any US tariffs on those contractors would raise Boeing’s production costs, possibly hurting its competitiveness against European archrival Airbus Group. To bolster its standing in China, Boeing recently announced plans to open a plant there to install seats on 737s being delivered to Chinese carriers — a move Trump also has denounced. “Boeing has to be as worried as anyone,” aerospace consultant Kevin Michaels says of the trade tensions. “It would be horrible and a huge boon to Airbus, which already has an assembly facility there.” Booming Chinese demand for jets is helping drive up 737 production, which is expected to rise by 12 percent to 47 jets a month next year, and 57 planes a month by the end of the decade. Longer-term, a trade war could cause Boeing to lose a chunk of the estimated $1 trillion market for airplane sales in China over the next 20 years. “Boeing would win more than 50 percent” of that market if past ordering patterns held true, says David Wireman, managing director for aerospace and defense at consultant AlixPartners. China has an almost insatiable demand for passenger jets as its growing middle class takes to the skies, so it’s unlikely to completely turn away from the US plane maker. Beijing has been adept at playing Boeing and Airbus against each other in a competition to provide it with the lowest-priced jets. But even if it continues to order Boeing’s planes, China could inflict pain by taxing the air frame components the US manufacturer imports from suppliers like Aviation Industry Corp. of China. Or it could sporadically postpone deliveries of Boeing planes — but not Airbus gear — and blame current market conditions for the delays, said George Ferguson, senior air transport analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence. “That could hurt,” he said. So far, Boeing hasn’t pushed back aggressively against Trump’s rhetoric. “We congratulate President-elect Trump and newly elected members of Congress and look forward to working with them to ensure that US companies can compete, win, and grow our economy to provide good jobs to US workers; as well as preserve American leadership in national security,” Boeing said in a statement. One consolation prize for Boeing of a Trump presidency could come if he carries out his threat to require European nations to shoulder more of the financial costs of NATO. Boeing, the second-largest US defense contractor, stands to profit from any increase in arms sales to Central and Eastern European nations nervous about NATO’s future. Until more details of a Trump administration trade policy are made public, any impact on Boeing will remain uncertain. Trump’s trade advisers have suggested that the president-elect could use targeted tariffs to avoid creating conflict with the World Trade Organization. Others have speculated that Trump’s protectionist talk was aimed mainly at whipping up voter support, or perhaps gaining the upper hand in future talks. “We have seen a lot of candidates bashing China when they are running for office but end up at least toning down their rhetoric after taking office,” said Bai Ming, a researcher with the Chinese Academy of International Trade and Economic Cooperation, a think tank under China’s Ministry of Commerce. For now, Boeing and other exporters can only hope that a Trump administration recognizes that a fracas may yield unintended results. “It would be nice to say the tariffs would have the impact of bringing jobs back home,” Wireman said. “In reality those jobs could well go to another low-cost region.”         KeyWords Trade war China Boeing   Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News Armenia seeks to ease trade with Iran Senior Nalco executives to visit Iran next month Germany's Linde gets go ahead for major Iran LNG projects Chinese plane makers should meet int'l standards to sell aircraft to Iran: Minister Iran: Oil may rise to $55 if all producers cooperate Lloyd's to open branches in Iran Qazvin-Rasht railway operational by August 2017 Gas deal with India's ONGC likely by January Inequality and its discontents Eurozone growth recovers to pre-crisis level Most Visited Obama vows to veto bill seeking to block Iran plane sales US House renews sanctions on Iran, sets sanctions on Syria Trump not going to ‘hurt’ Clinton Trump looking at 'quick ways' to ditch Paris climate accord: Report US students leave schools to join anti-Trump protests 66,000 to march on Washington a day after Trump inauguration Sanders popular policies could have made him president: Analyst Protests erupt in Cincinnati after mistrial in police shooting of black male Hate crimes against Muslims surged by 67% in US: FBI US students walk out of class to protest Trump election Senator Boxer wants to abolish Electoral College after Trump victory www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 0/0516 sec
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 32° F Overcast Hi: 36° F Lo: 28° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day 4 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Latest Headlines The Latest: Banged-up Vikings will keep Boone at guard Updated: 1 min ago The Latest on the 11th Sunday of the NFL season. (all times Eastern): 12:34 p.m. The Minnesota Vikings will keep Alex Boone at left guard in… PHOTO GALLERY: Snow hits WNY Updated: 4 mins ago (WIVB)- News 4 viewers sent in photos from the first snow of the season in WNY. Smartphone and tablet users, click here to see the photo gal… Kanye West rants about Beyoncé before cutting concert short Updated: 1 min ago 4 from NY among 32 Americans named as Rhodes Scholars Updated: 2 mins ago ‘Fantastic Beasts’ spins magic, ‘Billy Lynn’s’ tanks Updated: 1 min ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 32° F Overcast Feels Like: 22° F Wind: W 15 Humidity: 82% Dewpoint: 27° F Sunrise: 7:13 AM Sunset: 4:47 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Special Report Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 The fight over one of America’s worst hazardous waste sites may be far from over. Nearly forty years after tons of toxic waste poisoned part… WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 State audit critical of nursing home enforcement procedures August 10, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Here is the Illinois Scorecard from The Associated Press Updated: 19 mins ago SATURDAY’S GAMES NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION Los Angeles Clippers 102, Chicago 95 NATIONAL HOCKEY LEAGUE St. Louis 3, Nashville 1 Chicag… St. Francis (Pa.) beats D-III Chatham 119-59 Updated: 19 mins ago LORETTO, Pa. (AP) — Andre Wolford made 3 of 6 from 3-point range and scored 17 points in 16 minutes to help St. Francis (Pa.) beat Division … Parks, Dawson help Northridge hold off N. Illinois 84-82 Updated: 19 mins ago UNLV holds off Cal State Fullerton 77-68 Updated: 19 mins ago Durham leads Bakersfield past Santa Barbara 77-70 Updated: 19 mins ago Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 32° F Overcast Hi: 36° F Lo: 28° F House votes to prohibit sale of commercial aircraft to Iran RICHARD LARDNER, The Associated Press Published: November 18, 2016, 4:49 am Updated: November 18, 2016, 8:54 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) WASHINGTON (AP) — The Republican-led House has acted decisively to bar the sale of commercial aircraft to Iran, a move that would scuttle deals already authorized by the Obama administration and potentially worth billions of dollars. By 243-174 vote on Thursday, lawmakers passed legislation that would prohibit the Treasury Department from issuing the licenses U.S. banks would need to complete the transactions. The House bill seeks to counter the department’s decision in September to grant aviation giants Boeing and Airbus permission to sell the passenger planes to Tehran. The bill must now clear the Senate, where the measure would face stiff opposition from Democrats. President Barack Obama would veto the bill if it reached his desk, according to the White House. The proposed sales may involve the purchase and leasing of more than 200 aircraft, which could generate thousands of new jobs, according to Democrats who opposed the legislation. Republicans, however, decried the sale of aircraft to a country they say is the leading state sponsor of terrorism and has flouted United Nations resolutions by testing ballistic missiles. Iran’s nuclear deal with the U.S. and other world powers ended international economic sanctions against Tehran and specifically allowed for the sale of commercial aircraft and spare parts. The Treasury Department said the licenses granted to Boeing and Airbus contained “strict conditions to ensure the planes will be used exclusively for commercial passenger use and cannot be resold or transferred to a designated entity.” But Rep. Peter Roskam, R-Ill., called the aircraft sales a “scandal.” He harshly criticized Boeing and Airbus for seeking to do business with Iran. “We need to make sure that the American financial system is not complicit in this deal,” Roskam said. “We need to make sure that American taxpayers are not subsidizing this deal.” Although Roskam is from Illinois, where Boeing is headquartered, the airplanes the company proposed selling to Tehran are built in Washington state. Democrats cast the legislation as another Republican attempt to undermine last year’s Iran nuclear agreement and embarrass the Obama administration. Rep. Jim Himes, D-Conn., a member of the House Intelligence committee, said the bill plunged the House again into the “dreary and dangerous ritual” of considering a measure that would cause the United States to violate the nuclear accord that took years to forge with world powers, including China and Russia. Himes also argued denying the aircraft sale could cause 100,000 jobs to not be created. Ahead of the vote, the Office of Management and Budget said in a statement Monday that the legislation would “contravene U.S. commitments” in the nuclear deal and undercut American credibility with its allies. National carrier Iran Air signed agreements in January to buy 118 planes from Airbus, estimated to be worth $25 billion. Iran later reduced the number of planes to 112. Though based abroad, Airbus needed Treasury’s approval because at least 10 percent of the manufacturer’s components are of American origin. Under Boeing’s deal, Iran Air is slated to buy 80 aircraft with a total list price of $17.6 billion, with deliveries beginning in 2017 and running until 2025. Iran Air also will lease 29 new Boeing 737s, raising the potential total value of the deal to $25 billion. But Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst with the Teal Group, doubted that Iran has the money for so many new planes. The country’s economy, rife with corruption and patronage, is in poor shape, he said. Third party lenders also are likely to be leery of underwriting such large transactions because Tehran is not party to an international agreement called the Cape Town Convention that guarantees financiers can repossess the jets in the event of bankruptcy, he said. “In the here and now, Iran maybe has the ability to absorb and finance at most a quarter of the aircraft,” said Aboulafia, adding that Tehran would likely have to settle for used and leased planes. ___ Follow Richard Lardner on Twitter: http://twitter.com/rplardner Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News China hits back fast on perceived U.S. trade slights, past shows (c) 2016, Bloomberg China's stance on U.S. trade can be illustrated by one of Sir Isaac Newton's laws of motion: For every action, there's an equal and opposite reaction. From steel to solar, Beijing has responded in kind to what it deemed as trade slights from Washington. It also has sought World Trade Organization protections, and with some success. That's something for President-elect Donald Trump to weigh as he decides whether to honor his proposal for tariffs on the world's largest trading nation, which had $627 billion in U.S. trade in 2015. A Communist Party newspaper this week gave a flavor of what could come, suggesting "tit for tat" retaliation should a trade tiff erupt. "Boeing orders will be replaced by Airbus," the Global Times said in an editorial. "U.S. auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback, and U.S. soybean and maize imports will be halted." Here's how history could be a guide: - Steel The latest U.S. anti-dumping action against Chinese steel was a preliminary ruling in September on imported stainless steel sheets and strips from China, after American tariffs of 266 percent on Chinese cold-rolled steel imports were announced in May. In October, China extended anti-dumping tariffs on U.S. exports of caprolactam, a material used in textiles. Beijing also scored a victory over the U.S. at the WTO in a dispute over U.S. duties imposed on 13 imported Chinese products--three years after Beijing first filed the case. - Tires, Chicken Chronology sometimes says more than causality. In 2009, the U.S. imposed tariffs on Chinese tires. In 2010, China announced charges on U.S. poultry. The U.S. filed a WTO complaint in 2011. Beijing's broiler chicken duties of as much as 105.4 percent hurt about 300,000 workers and farmers, the U.S. said at the time. In 2013, after the WTO upheld the U.S. on tire tariffs, China renewed its investigation into American poultry. In 2015, the U.S. announced duties on Chinese tires in June after a year-long investigation. China said later in August the same year that it would keep current countervailing duties on U.S. broiler chickens and relaunch a subsidy investigation. In August, the U.S. again imposed duties on truck tires. In September, China extended anti-dumping duties on U.S. chicken for five years, raising them as much as 73.8 percent. - Aircraft Boeing, the largest U.S. exporter, has long been a key bellwether for trade relations. China Southern Airlines threatened in 1995 to pull the plug on $2 billion of orders based on progress in talks over copyright law, then didn't. The next year, Boeing said strained trade ties would hurt sales after China gave Airbus Group SE its biggest-ever order for $1.5 billion. While China doesn't sell its own commercial aircraft, yet, trade tension could still arise. President Xi Jinping gave Boeing a $38 billion order last year on a plant visit in Seattle. - Solar In July, the U.S. raised anti-dumping duties on photovoltaic products from China. Two months later, China imposed anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties on distiller's dried grain, a byproduct of ethanol and animal feed, from the U.S. In 2014, China hiked tariffs to 57 percent for U.S. exports of polysilicon used in solar cells. That rippled through to small manufacturers like REC Silicon ASA in Moses Lake, Washington, and Hemlock Semiconductor Corp. in Hemlock, Michigan. The dispute with China, the biggest market for materials used in solar panels, pressured U.S. producers to cut output and prices. - Technology China stepped up efforts to shift to domestic technology companies after 2014 revelations of widespread spying by U.S. intelligence agencies using American electronics to snoop. It complicated life for U.S. firms like Cisco Systems Inc., Intel Corp. and Hewlett-Packard Co. Meanwhile, Chinese regulators pursued antitrust probes against Microsoft Corp. and Qualcomm Inc. Microsoft's China offices were raided, Windows software banned from government PCs, procurement of Apple Inc. iPads was blocked. Now, foreign tech firms must give Beijing unprecedented access to their systems under a new law. Trump's tariff plans could hurt U.S. buyers too. Cellphone imports are now duty free, but such tariffs would raise the average price by $90.08 per phone, according to a Bloomberg Intelligence analysis. - Fishing China's counter-punches haven't been restricted to responding just to commercial actions. Norwegian salmon exports to China plunged after the country's parliament awarded the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize to imprisoned Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo. In 2010, when a Chinese fishing boat and a Japanese Coast Guard vessel collided in contested waters, China stopped giving Japan export licenses for rare earth metals, needed for cars and electronics. Licensing resumed days later after Japan released the boat captain. - With assistance from Christopher Anstey and Jeff Kearns Copyright © 2016, Chicago Tribune Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 31°
Turkey world middle east europe americas africa asia - pacific economy politics sports health infographics photo video video gallery multimedia other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal anadolu post anadolu post news academy election 2015 Türkçe English BHS Pусский French العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Anadolu Agency English Turkey Turkey in Syria for regional peace: AK Party official Features archive PKK supporters attack Turkish protesters in Paris Features archive 'Turkey is a key actor in the defense industry' Features archive Europe deals with Turkey unrealistically: Turkish MP Features archive 2 PKK terrorists 'neutralized' in eastern Turkey Features archive world middle east Regime raids kill 7 in Idlib, Syria Features archive 63 Palestinian children killed since 2015: Govt body Features archive Turkish Red Crescent boosts aid to Iraq's Mosul region Features archive Israel plays with fire by anti-Adhan bill: Hamas chief Features archive europe PKK supporters attack Turkish protesters in Paris Features archive Cyprus reunification talks resume in Switzerland Features archive France: Les Republicains hold presidential primary Features archive July 15 photo exhibition opens in Georgia Features archive americas Canada, Mexico talk future of free trade agreement Features archive US will not bring back waterboarding, lawmaker says Features archive NATO allies should heed Turkey on Syria: Celik Features archive Canada gets first headscarf-wearing anchorwoman Features archive africa Kenya: 4 al-Shabaab militants killed, attack foiled Features archive 43,000 take part in Africa's largest race in Ethiopia Features archive Over 100 Kenyans get free vasectomies in Nairobi Features archive Senegal: Millions of Muslims gather for pilgrimage Features archive asia - pacific Australian police keep rival Trump rallies separated Features archive Indonesia: 15 missing after fishing boat capsizes Features archive Curfew imposed after clashes near Myanmar-China ﻿﻿﻿border Features archive Scores dead in north India train derailment Features archive economy Canada, Mexico talk future of free trade agreement Features archive 'Turkey will take all measures to support the economy' Features archive Turkish Airlines to launch flights to Havana, Caracas Features archive Over 5,300 new companies formed in Turkey in October Features archive New report says Turkey spent $7.6BN on research in 2015 Features archive politics Australian police keep rival Trump rallies separated Features archive SKorean president under threat of impeachment Features archive Canada, Mexico talk future of free trade agreement Features archive US will not bring back waterboarding, lawmaker says Features archive France: Les Republicains hold presidential primary Features archive sports Medals for Turkish taekwondo athletes in Canada Features archive 43,000 take part in Africa's largest race in Ethiopia Features archive Basketball: Local rivalries mark Euroleague Features archive Basketball: Fenerbahce prevails in Istanbul derby Features archive Basketball: FIBA allows player to wear hijab on court Features archive health Bombardment forces Aleppo hospitals to shut down Features archive Anxiety disorders linked to fear of the unknown Features archive 38 Zika cases reported in Ho Chi Minh City Features archive Turkish professor highlights steps to prevent diabetes Features archive Trump outlines US health care plan to replace Obamacare Features archive infographics photo Protest against PKK Terrorist Organization in Paris Protest against Donald Trump in France Collapse at copper mine in Turkey Attack on residential areas in Aleppo Thousands protest terrorist PKK in European capitals video video gallery Clerics from different religions support American Muslims Christians returns Bashika Protest against Donald Trump in France Russia, regime airstrikes kill at least 42 civilians in Aleppo multimedia FETO Exposed: Mithat Aynacı July 15 coup protester martyred 'for the sake of the homeland' FETO Exposed: Adil oksuz "THAT NIGHT" was recorded on the spot other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy anadolu post anadolu post select language Türkçe English BHS Pусский French العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски US House moves to ban sale of aircraft to Iran Republican-controlled chamber votes 234-174 to prohibit deals by restricting necessary banking licenses home > world, americas 17.11.2016 Michael Hernandez Washington DC Features archive FILE PHOTO related news US will not bring back waterboarding, lawmaker says NATO allies should heed Turkey on Syria: Celik US: Trump chooses senior senator for Attorney General NATO revival good for good US-Turkey relations: expert FBI looking into post-election crimes, US attorney says By Michael Hernandez WASHINGTON  The House of Representatives moved Thursday to bar the sale of commercial aircraft to Iran. The Republican-controlled chamber voted 234-174 to prohibit the deals that could provide American aerospace giant Boeing billions of dollars in sales. France's Airbus was also awarded licenses to deliver planes to Tehran under an Obama administration order in September. The U.S. agreed to allow Iran to purchase commercial passenger aircraft to update its aging passenger fleet under the internationally brokered Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. The sales were a prominent demand from Tehran to complete the accord and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told Iranians shortly after it was inked, "From today, we will have safe planes". The proposed multibillion dollar deal between Boeing and Tehran would allow Iran Air to buy 80 passenger jets as well as receive the company’s help in leasing 29 new Boeing 737s. Airbus separately wants to sell 118 aircraft to Tehran, which has said it wants to buy up to 500 aircraft during the next decade in the wake of the nuclear accord. The House legislation, however, would prohibit the Treasury Department from issuing the necessary licenses for banks to finalize the deals. And it would nix authorities that were previously issued to facilitate the sales. It will now head to the Senate where its passage would send it to President Barack Obama who is almost certain to issue a veto, effectively killing it. Congress could override the move, but doing so would require a two-thirds majority in both chambers, and so far the House vote has fallen far short of the required 287 votes. Legislative maneuvering could change that tally, but that would be a major undertaking for an outgoing Congress. Critics have said the sales threaten a boost in support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, citing Iran’s alleged air lifts to support him. Republican lawmaker Peter Roskam, a leading opponent of the Iran deal, lauded the House's move. "Happy to see the House take a principled stand as #Iran continues to use commercial aircraft to support Assad and its other terror proxies," he wrote on Twitter. Anadolu Agency website contains only a portion of the news stories offered to subscribers in the AA News Broadcasting System (HAS), and in summarized form. Please contact us for subscription options. Facebook Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Related Galleries today's headlines 20 : 42 Turkey Turkey in Syria for regional peace: AK Party official 19 : 22 Turkey PKK supporters attack Turkish protesters in Paris 18 : 56 Turkey 'Turkey is a key actor in the defense industry' 18 : 19 Turkey Europe deals with Turkey unrealistically: Turkish MP 18 : 14 Turkey 2 PKK terrorists 'neutralized' in eastern Turkey 16 : 33 sports Medals for Turkish taekwondo athletes in Canada 15 : 41 Turkey Turkish Red Crescent boosts aid to Iraq's Mosul region 15 : 17 world Israel plays with fire by anti-Adhan bill: Hamas chief 15 : 12 Turkey Turkish soldier martyred in Syria accident 15 : 04 world 20 million children need immediate aid, UNICEF says 14 : 01 Turkey Turkey has key voice on Palestine refugees: UN official 12 : 57 Turkey Copper mine executive held following collapse in Turkey 00 : 24 Turkey NATO allies should heed Turkey on Syria: Celik 00 : 20 Turkey Turkish soldier martyred in Daesh attack in Syria 23 : 53 Turkey PKK terror attack injures police officer in SE Turkey 21 : 04 Turkey Sinjar will not be PKK's 'new Qandil': President's aide analysis news NATO revival good for good US-Turkey relations: expert Why are racist, xenophobic campaigns winning in West? ANALYSIS - A new role for Japanese peacekeepers What can Turkey expect from Trump? How huge China investment in Bangladesh affects region US House moves to ban sale of aircraft to Iran 1 / 1 US House moves to ban sale of aircraft to Iran analysis news corporate news education culture and art life science-technology photo video up corporate history editorial guideliness social media policies ethics commission executive team domestic offices international offices media center contact quality management announcement service sponsorship human resources subscription requests corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy election 2015 mobile services iPhone application iPad application Android application Windows application © Anadolu Agency 2016
Search Connect Menu Search Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ YouTube Featured 2016 Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Topics Economy Education Energy Health Care International Law Politics Security Society Must Reads 2016 Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism LawPoliticsNews Why Jeff Sessions, ‘an Advocate for the Constitution,’ Has Conservatives So Excited PoliticsCommentary Religious Liberty Protections Stripped From NDAA SocietyNews Video Conservative Lawmakers Say Current Welfare System Is ‘Anti-Family’ Health CareNews Obamacare ‘Insurer Bailouts’ Become Less Likely Under President Trump  PoliticsCommentary Trump’s Refusal to Take Presidential Salary Rare, but Not Unprecedented   SecurityNews 7 Things to Know About Trump’s Pick to Lead CIA  PoliticsNews Trump Picks Ex-General for National Security Adviser. Who Is Mike Flynn?  PoliticsNews Trump Cabinet Timing in Line With Past Presidents     SocietyNews Sanctuary Cities Defy Trump’s Pledge to Defund Them. How He Can Fight Back.  SocietyCommentary Trump Has Effective Plan to Curb Illegal Immigration, Secure Border   SecurityNews Is the Wall Possible? What Trump Can Do on Immigration   SecurityNews Poll Shows Americans Want Less Immigration, More Enforcement Health Care News Electing to ‘Opt Out’ of Obamacare Health Care News Republicans Begin to Unite Around Obamacare Repeal Plan Health Care Commentary What Obama Got Wrong in His Latest Defense of Obamacare Health Care News How Republicans Can Start to Dismantle Obamacare With a Trump Presidency  Commentary With Trump’s Election, the Future of the Courts Looks Brighter Law Commentary A Coup Against the Constitution Law News 2 GOP Senators Advocate Post-Election Vote on Supreme Court Nominee Society News Congress Demands Explanation for Clarence Thomas’ Exclusion From Black History Smithsonian    International News The Top Foreign Conflicts Trump Will Inherit Security Commentary Cartoon: We Must Never Forget Security Commentary US Security Benefits When Japan, South Korea Share Intelligence Security Commentary What the US Needs to Do About Russia’s Cyberattacks EconomyNews House Passes Bill Blocking Sale of Aircraft to Iran Melissa Quinn / @MelissaQuinn97 / November 17, 2016 / Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Email Comments Print The House passed a bill that would block the sale of aircraft to Iran. The legislation also prohibits the Export-Import Bank from providing any assistance either directly or indirectly to Iran or associated entities. (Photo: Mauritz Antin/EPA /Newcom) House Republicans voted Thursday to block the sale of aircraft to Iran, a move GOP lawmakers and some Democrats said would protect taxpayer dollars from being used to finance the export of airplanes to Tehran. The House voted 243 to 174 to pass legislation sponsored by Rep. Bill Huizenga, R-Mich., prohibiting the secretary of the Treasury from authorizing a transaction from a U.S. bank or financial institution related to the export of aircraft to Iran. The White House said it would veto the bill, as it could be viewed as a violation of the Iran nuclear deal. In September, the Treasury issued licenses to aviation giants Airbus and Boeing that permitted the sale of planes to Iran Air, the country’s state-owned airline. The agency also allowed U.S. banks to finance the sale of those aircraft to Tehran. “This bill would keep Americans’ deposits away from a country that the president’s own State Department calls ‘the foremost state sponsor of terrorism,’ and which Treasury has designed as a ‘jurisdiction of primary money laundering concern,’” Huizenga said today on the House floor. The legislation also prohibits the Export-Import Bank, or Ex-Im, from providing any assistance either directly or indirectly to Iran and associated entities, including its state-run airline. Ex-Im provides taxpayer-backed loans and loan guarantees to foreign countries and companies for the purchase of U.S. products. “We need to make sure that the American financial system is not complicit in this [Iran nuclear] deal,” Rep. Peter Roskam, R-Ill., said on the House floor Thursday. “We need to make sure American taxpayers are not subsidizing this deal.” Over the last year, Roskam has been an ardent opponent of the Iran deal and has pushed to prohibit Iran and its state-run entities from benefiting from U.S.-backed financing. Though Ex-Im’s charter prohibits the agency from extending taxpayer-backed financing to Iran, Roskam and GOP lawmakers cautioned a loophole could allow Tehran to purchase U.S. products or services from third-party intermediaries that received funding from the 82-year-old bank. It’s now possible for U.S. corporations to do business with Iran following the Obama administration’s historic nuclear deal with the Islamic regime. The pact, which the U.S. and five other world powers secured last year, was designed to ensure Iran doesn’t obtain a nuclear weapon in the near future. Nearly a year after negotiations with Iran concluded, lawmakers learned that Boeing, one of Ex-Im’s biggest beneficiaries, had been engaging in ongoing discussions with government-run entities in Iran over the possible sale of aircraft to the country. In May, Roskam and fellow Illinois Republican Reps. Robert Dold and Randy Hultgren sent the Chicago-based aerospace giant a letter urging it not to do business with Iran. One month later, Boeing confirmed it signed a deal to sell $25 billion worth of planes to Iran Air. According to initial reports, Boeing planned to sell approximately 80 commercial airliners to Iran Air and secure the sale of another 29 planes to a third party, which would then lease the aircraft to Tehran. The company’s deal marked the first time since the Islamic Revolution in 1979 that American aircraft were sold to Tehran. The Obama administration previously sanctioned Iran Air after the airline used passenger and cargo planes to fly rockets and missiles to Syria and other nations. The weapons were sometimes disguised as medicine or spare parts, according to past reports. Under the Iran nuclear deal, the Obama administration dropped economic sanctions against Tehran. “We now have American companies who are saying, ‘You know what? Let’s do business with a terrorist regime. How’s that? Let’s just go make a buck,’” Roskam said of Boeing during his floor speech Thursday. “That’s the scandal of this. The scandal is there are American companies, international companies, Boeing, Airbus, that are now making their own names linked with terror forevermore.” In addition to Boeing, Airbus also signed an agreement with Iran to sell the regime aircraft. Though Boeing didn’t previously disclose whether it would seek Ex-Im financing to help fund the sale of the jets to the third party, lawmakers worried the company would attempt to secure taxpayer-backed loans and loans guarantees for the transaction. Ex-Im, however, can’t currently approve transactions of more than $10 million because of vacant seats on its board of directors. The five-member panel currently lacks a quorum of three members, and all transactions topping $10 million, which primarily benefit Ex-Im’s biggest beneficiaries like Boeing, have been stalled. The Daily Signal depends on the support of readers like you. Donate now Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Email Comments Print @MelissaQuinn97 Melissa Quinn Melissa Quinn is a senior news reporter for The Daily Signal. Send an email to Melissa. Related PoliticsCommentary How to Make the Case for Holding Congress Accountable Until Inauguration Day PoliticsNews Meet the Next Chairman of the Republican Study Committee PoliticsNews Meet the Candidates Who Want to Lead House GOP’s Largest Caucus Join The Discussion Back to Top Featured 2016 Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Home Topics Economy Education Energy Health Care International Law Politics Security Society More Information Authors About The Daily Signal Contact Us Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Copyright Information About The Heritage Foundation Donate Connect with us Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ YouTube Get Free Alerts from The Daily Signal Join the millions of people who benefit from The Daily Signal’s fair, accurate, trustworthy reporting with direct access to: Intelligence from inside Washington Deep policy understanding from over 100 experts Your privacy is important to us Don’t have time to read the Washington Post or New York Times? Then get The Morning Bell, an early morning edition of the day’s most important political news, conservative commentary and original reporting from a team committed to following the truth no matter where it leads. Email address Ever feel like the only difference between the New York Times and Washington Post is the name? We do. Try the Morning Bell and get the day’s most important news and commentary from a team committed to the truth in formats that respect your time…and your intelligence. Email address ﻿
null
National Post Home Financial Post News Comment Personal Finance Investing Tech Sports Arts Life Health Homes Driving Classifieds Jobs Subscribe News Canada Politics Canadian Politics TRENDINGTory leadership race | NHL | Akin | Real estate | Donald Trump | Hydro bills | Lotto Max Liberals again considering sole source purchase of Super Hornet fighter jets to replace CF-18s David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen and John Ivison | November 17, 2016 10:32 PM ET Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon A Liberal government proposal to buy Super Hornet fighter jets as a replacement for the air force’s aging CF-18s is back on the table. But whether it will move ahead is still unclear. In June the government proposed the purchase of Boeing Super Hornets as an interim measure, but that option disappeared as it faced intense criticism from the aerospace industry and opposition MPs. Aerospace industry officials say they believed the Liberals were moving towards an open competition for a fighter replacement. But the option to buy the Super Hornets on a sole source basis and forgo a competition until around 2030 has again resurfaced, industry sources now say. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s office, with advice from Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan, has been pushing the option, despite opposition from some leaders in the Royal Canadian Air Force, sources add. Jordan Owens, a spokeswoman for Sajjan, said Thursday that no decision has been taken yet on replacing the CF-18s. Sajjan has repeatedly stated there is a need to immediately replace the CF-18s but his comments have been undercut by air force officers who point out the aircraft can keep flying until at least 2025. Related Boeing , Lockheed pull out all the stops to woo Canadian defence officials looking to replace CF-18s A cautionary tale for Canada? Boeing preps legal challenge after Denmark rejects Super Hornet for F-35 John Ivison: By sole-sourcing Super Hornets, Liberals now look identical to Tories on fighter-jets file The acquisition of an interim fleet of 20 Super Hornets would push off the need to acquire a new fleet of fighter jets for more than a decade. Such a deal, if it proceeds, would give breathing room to the Liberals. During last year’s election campaign, Trudeau promised Canada would not purchase the controversial F-35, an aircraft he said was unnecessary for the country’s needs and too expensive. Trudeau promised his government would hold a competition. By moving ahead with a sole source purchase of Boeing Super Hornets – and promising a competition in the late 2020s — the Liberals will still be able to claim they kept their election promise, industry sources say. In July, the government asked for initial information from fighter jet manufacturers so it could determine how to proceed with a replacement program. Five companies responded. Boeing submitted information on its Super Hornet, Lockheed Martin provided information on the F-35A, Dassault responded with the data on the Rafale, Eurofighter with the Typhoon, and the Saab Group offered details on the Gripen aircraft. The re-emergence of the proposal to sole source the Super Hornets appears to have caught industry off guard. Marillyn Hewson, Lockheed Martin’s CEO, was in Ottawa Tuesday at an aerospace conference highlighting both the F-35 and Canada’s participation in the project. She pitched the aircraft as a way to bring more jobs to Canada. “Since the beginning of the program in 2001, more than 110 Canadian companies have contributed to the development and production of the F-35, bringing advanced technology and engineering work to Canada,” Hewson told the audience. “Today, Canadian-built components are on every F-35 produced. Canadian industry has been awarded over $1 billion in industrial work to date, and I’m confident the F-35 will bring significant economic benefits for decades to come.” In August, two U.S. Air Force F-35s travelled to Canada to highlight the capabilities of the aircraft. At the time, Lockheed Martin officials said it looked like a competition would be held and their aircraft would be invited to take part. But Trudeau is not a fan of the F-35. When the National Post first reported on the Liberals’ proposal in early June to proceed with a sole source deal for the Super Hornets, Trudeau responded to criticism in the Commons by slamming the F-35. He dismissed the F-35, claiming the jet “does not work and is far from working.” But a short time later the U.S. Air Force declared the jet as ready for combat. Conservative defence critic James Bezan said in an email Thursday that “the Liberals have completely politicized this purchase by promising in the election they would exclude the F-35. “Justin Trudeau and his friends are not fighter jet experts. Only an open and fair competition will clear-up the political mess they’ve created,” Bezan wrote. Sajjan has said a decision on how the government will proceed on replacing the CF-18s will be made shortly, suggesting it could come by the end of the year. The F-35 became a major political headache several years ago for the Conservative government. Although a Liberal government originally signed on to a research and development program for the plane, the Conservatives significantly expanded the commitment and later agreed to buy 65 of the planes. The program was dogged by controversy and the aircraft faced numerous technical problems. Aerospace industry officials say the declaration that the F-35A is ready for combat is good news for the aircraft program. But others point out that more development of the plane is needed. • Email: dpugliese@postmedia.com | Twitter: davidpugliese Find National Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: Canada, Canadian Politics, News, F-35s, Harjit Sajjan, Justin Trudeau, Lockheed Martin Corp., Super Hornets Holy Post Tomb in Jerusalem believed to belong to Jesus Christ opened for first time in centuries When ISIL came to town: Yazidis tell of child murders and ‘meat markets’ for sex slaves Pope Francis says the Catholic Church will likely never have female priests Guess what? Halloween is more Christian than Pagan Pope forbids scattering of human ashes in fear of New Age ideas of ‘pantheism or nihilism’ about afterlife Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest © 2016 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, November 21, 2016 12:17 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 27°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money China hits back fast on perceived US trade slights, past shows Friday November 18, 2016 07:50 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Jorgensen upsets Olympic champ Chen Long to win China Open Merkel tells party she plans to seek re-election as chancellor Drinking raw milk increases risk of infection, says Health D-G Craig Reedie re-elected as World Anti-Doping Agency president Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Apple iPhone (pic) sales will be affected, China's Global Times warns. — Reuters picBEIJING, Nov 18 — China’s stance on US trade can be illustrated by one of Sir Isaac Newton’s laws of motion: For every action, there’s an equal and opposite reaction. From steel to solar, Beijing has responded in kind to what it deemed as trade slights from Washington. It also has sought World Trade Organisation protections, and with some success. That’s something for President-elect Donald Trump to weigh as he decides whether to honour his proposal for tariffs on the world’s largest trading nation, which had US$627 billion (RM2.75 trillion) in US trade in 2015. A Communist Party newspaper this week gave a flavour of what could come, suggesting “tit for tat” retaliation should a trade tiff erupt. “Boeing orders will be replaced by Airbus,” the Global Times said in an editorial. “US auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback, and US soybean and maize imports will be halted.” Here’s how history could be a guide: Steel The latest US anti-dumping action against Chinese steel was a preliminary ruling in September on imported stainless steel sheets and strips from China, after American tariffs of 266 per cent on Chinese cold-rolled steel imports were announced in May. In October, China extended anti-dumping tariffs on US exports of caprolactam, a material used in textiles. Beijing also scored a victory over the US at the WTO in a dispute over US duties imposed on 13 imported Chinese products — three years after Beijing first filed the case. Tires, chicken Chronology sometimes says more than causality. In 2009, the US imposed tariffs on Chinese tires. In 2010, China announced charges on US poultry. The US filed a WTO complaint in 2011. Beijing’s broiler chicken duties of as much as 105.4 per cent hurt about 300,000 workers and farmers, the US said at the time. In 2013, after the WTO upheld the US on tire tariffs, China renewed its investigation into American poultry. In 2015, the US announced duties on Chinese tires in June after a year-long investigation. China said later in August the same year that it would keep current countervailing duties on US broiler chickens and relaunch a subsidy investigation. In August, the US again imposed duties on truck tires. In September, China extended anti-dumping duties on US chicken for five years, raising them as much as 73.8 per cent. Aircraft Boeing Co, the largest US exporter, has long been a key bellwether for trade relations. China Southern Airlines threatened in 1995 to pull the plug on US$2 billion (RM8.78 billion) of orders based on progress in talks over copyright law, then didn’t. The next year, Boeing said strained trade ties would hurt sales after China gave Airbus Group SE its biggest-ever order for US$1.5 billion. While China doesn’t sell its own commercial aircraft, yet, trade tension could still arise. President Xi Jinping gave Boeing a US$38 billion order last year on a plant visit in Seattle. Solar In July, the US raised anti-dumping duties on photovoltaic products from China. Two months later, China imposed anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties on distiller’s dried grain, a byproduct of ethanol and animal feed, from the US. In 2014, China hiked tariffs to 57 per cent for US exports of polysilicon used in solar cells. That rippled through to small manufacturers like REC Silicon ASA in Moses Lake, Washington, and Hemlock Semiconductor Corp in Hemlock, Michigan. The dispute with China, the biggest market for materials used in solar panels, pressured US producers to cut output and prices. Technology China stepped up efforts to shift to domestic technology companies after 2014 revelations of widespread spying by US intelligence agencies using American electronics to snoop. It complicated life for US firms like Cisco Systems Inc, Intel Corp and Hewlett-Packard Co. Meanwhile, Chinese regulators pursued antitrust probes against Microsoft Corp and Qualcomm Inc. Microsoft’s China offices were raided, Windows software banned from government PCs, procurement of Apple Inc iPads was blocked. Now, foreign tech firms must give Beijing unprecedented access to their systems under a new law. Trump’s tariff plans could hurt US buyers too. Cellphone imports are now duty free, but such tariffs would raise the average price by US$90.08 per phone, according to a Bloomberg Intelligence analysis. Fishing China’s counter-punches haven’t been restricted to responding just to commercial actions. Norwegian salmon exports to China plunged after the country’s parliament awarded the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize to imprisoned Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo. In 2010, when a Chinese fishing boat and a Japanese Coast Guard vessel collided in contested waters, China stopped giving Japan export licences for rare earth metals, needed for cars and electronics. Licensing resumed days later after Japan released the boat captain. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Five ways Indians are dodging ‘black money’ crackdown Asia to narrow trade focus as protectionism rises, say analysts Malaysia’s central bank says will no longer tolerate ringgit trade in NDF market Palm oil celebrates centennial, output doubles every 10 years TPP, RCEP, FTAAP: A user’s guide to alphabet soup of trade deals Foreign banks shaken by Malaysia's move to halt currency slide Bank Negara instructs foreign banks to refrain from offshore ringgit trading, sources claim Malaysia’s central bank says will no longer tolerate ringgit trade in NDF market Malaysia Airlines mulling purchase of 25 widebody jets next year Ex-Valeant executive, ex-pharmacy CEO charged for fraud scheme Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Tensions’ likely under President-elect Trump, Obama says Reuters Video: Trump says ‘you will hear some things tomorrow’ MMOTV: Mahathir, Siti Hasmah head to KLCC by car MMOTV: Mahathir, Siti Hasmah head to KLCC by car MMOTV: Red Shirts heckle yellow-shirted Bersih participants Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Related Articles Japanese etiquette taught to tourists Sabah quake: Donations flood crowdfunding site in memory of ‘heroic’ mountain guide Homeless guides — a ‘hidden’ Barcelona Travel guidebooks are still alive and well Take a guided tour with a street expert: the homeless Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 474 21 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Too hot to fly? Norwegian Air suspends summer Las Vegas flights The discount carrier's four routes will go from year-round to seasonal because of heat concerns. Post to Facebook Too hot to fly? Norwegian Air suspends summer Las Vegas flights The discount carrier's four routes will go from year-round to seasonal because of heat concerns.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2fAp9kj {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Too hot to fly? Norwegian Air suspends summer Las Vegas flights Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY 4:08 p.m. EST November 17, 2016 750 Shares This undated file photo shows a Norwegian Air 787 Boeing Dreamliner.  (Photo: Norwegian Air) Aside from casinos and nightlife, hot weather is one of the things that lures tourists to Las Vegas. But the Las Vegas summers apparently are too hot for one budget airline. European low-cost carrier Norwegian Air will suspend its four Las Vegas routes in March, saying hot weather there has created performance issues for its heavily loaded Boeing 787 aircraft. “This is not something we’ve had happen anywhere else,” Norwegian spokesman Anders Lindström told the Las Vegas Review-Journal, the first newspaper to report the story. “It didn’t happen that often, but it was enough times to make us realize that it was (an) issue and we didn’t want to keep delaying our customers.” BOOKMARK: Bookmark Today in the Sky homepage for your daily fix of aviation news Lindström confirmed the development to Today in the Sky. He said Norwegian’s Las Vegas routes had been performing well, but that the carrier has decided to adjust its schedule there rather than risk continued operational delays during the summer months. Flights operating on Norwegian Air's summer schedule typically operate from March through November. “Norwegian Air is making our Las Vegas routes seasonal for 2017 as the planes’ ability to take off during high-temperature periods was limited at times this past summer,” Lindström said in a statement to Today in the Sky. “This unfortunately led to a few delays earlier this year, which is something we do not want to repeat during the summer of 2017." Norwegian Air flies to four European destinations from Las Vegas. The airline began flying from the city last year with nonstop flights to both Copenhagen and Stockholm. The carrier expanded its schedule there with routes to London Gatwick and Oslo, Norway, that launched within the past three weeks. USA TODAY United now flying longest route of any U.S. airline FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn The world's 20 longest Dreamliner routes  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. No. 20: New York JFK-Tokyo Narita (6,728 miles); Japan Airlines. Block time of 14 hours.  Michael Dwyer, AP Fullscreen No. 19: San Francisco-Chengdu, China (6,853 miles); United Airlines. Block time of 12 hours, 15 minutes  David McNew, Getty Images Fullscreen No. 18: San Francisco-Guangzhou, China (6,882 miles); China Southern Airlines. Block time of 12 hours, 40 minutes.  Hainan Airlines via Boeing Fullscreen No. 17: Toronto-Dubai (6,882 miles); Air Canada. Block time of 12 hours, 55 minutes.  Andrew Vaughan, AP Fullscreen No. 16: Dallas/Fort Worth-Beijing (6,954 miles); American Airlines. Block time of 13 hours, 50 minutes.  Nam Y. Huh, AP Fullscreen No. 15: Los Angeles-Changsha, China (6,973 miles); Hainan Airlines. Block time of 14 hours, 30 minutes.  Boeing Fullscreen No. 14: Mexico City-Tokyo Narita (6,990 miles); Aeromexico. Block time of 14 hours, 25 minutes.  Boeing Fullscreen No. 13: Chicago O’Hare-Shanghai (7,040 miles); American Airlines. Block time of 14 hours, 35 minutes.  American Airlines Fullscreen No. 12: Washington Dulles-Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates; Etihad Airways. Block time of 13 hours, 10 minutes.  Boeing Fullscreen No. 11: Toronto-Addis Ababa, Ethiopia (7,142 miles); Ethiopian Airlines. Block time of 13 hours, 5 minutes. (Note: The westbound route is nonstop; the Toronto-bound flight makes a stop in Dublin.)  Jenny Vaughan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen No. 10: Toronto-New Delhi (7,230 miles); Air Canada. Block time of 14 hours.  Air Canada Fullscreen No. 9: Boston-Shanghai (7,291 miles); Hainan Airlines. Block time of 14 hours, 40 minutes.  Boeing Fullscreen No. 8: Dallas/Fort Worth-Shanghai (7,335 miles); American Airlines. Block time of 15 hours, 10 minutes.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 7: Vancouver, Canada-Brisbane, Australia (7,356 miles); Air Canada. Block time of 14 hours, 30 minutes.  Air Canada Fullscreen No. 6: San Francisco-Tel Aviv, Israel (7,404 miles); United Airlines. Block time of 15 hours, 5 minutes.  United Airlines Fullscreen No. 5: San Francisco-Sydney, Australia (7,421 miles); United Airlines. Block time of 14 hours, 55 minutes.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 4: Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates-Brisbane, Australia (7,459 miles); Etihad Airways. Block time of 13 hours, 50 minutes.  Boeing Fullscreen No. 3: Los Angeles-Sydney, Australia (7,491 miles); United Airlines. Block time of 13 hours, 45 minutes.  Scott Olson, Getty Images Fullscreen No. 2: Los Angeles-Melbourne, Australia (7,923 miles); United Airlines. Block time of 15 hours, 50 minutes.  Nam Y. Huh, AP Fullscreen No. 1: San Francisco-Singapore (8,435 miles); United Airlines. Block time of 16 hours, 20 minutes.  Scott Olson, Getty Images Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 20 2 of 20 3 of 20 4 of 20 5 of 20 6 of 20 7 of 20 8 of 20 9 of 20 10 of 20 11 of 20 12 of 20 13 of 20 14 of 20 15 of 20 16 of 20 17 of 20 18 of 20 19 of 20 20 of 20 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide “Our Las Vegas routes are otherwise doing exceptionally well, with very high load factors,” Lindström added. “As Las Vegas is a very popular destination for Europeans, we are looking at alternatives as we hope to return to a year-round service in 2018.” The problem stems from the fact that commercial airliners face performance limitations in extreme heat, which results in less-dense air that makes it more difficult to achieve lift. The issue occasionally becomes a concern for airports in the U.S. Southwest, though that typically only becomes an issue when temperatures are well into the 110s and are threatening local records. USA TODAY Ask the Captain: Can it be too hot or cold to fly? For Norwegian, however, the issue is compounded by the carrier’s high-density seating configurations that add extra weight to its planes. Norwegian packs 291 seats on to its Boeing 787 -8 models and 344 on to its bigger 787-9s. By comparison, United's 787-8 and 787-9 Dreamliner models seat 219 and 252 passengers, respectively. “Given the weight of those additional Norwegian passengers and all that accompanies them, the airline this summer found close to 300 people on board, including crew, and its planes’ ability to take-off during high-temperature periods was sometimes limited,” Las Vegas airport spokesman Chris Jones said to the Review-Journal. With that extra weight, Norwegian has calculated that its Dreamliners shouldn’t take off if ground temperatures hit 104 degrees (40 Celsius). Norwegian declined to tell the Review-Journal how many heat delays it took this summer, though the newspaper notes “temperatures soared to 104 degrees and higher in Las Vegas on 60 days this year, according to the National Weather Service.” Norwegian offers less-than-daily service on all four of its Las Vegas routes. For now, Norwegian will convert its Las Vegas routes from year-round to seasonal service. Going forward, the carrier says it’s looking at options – including flights that operate off during cooler hours of the day – that would allow it to resume a full-year schedule in 2018. TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn March's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A rouge Boeing 767 leaves the warm climate of Las Vegas, bound for Toronto, on Feb. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen As early morning rays of sun pierce the sky, a Boeing 767 lands at New York's JFK airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Painted in the latest scheme, an Alitalia Airbus A330 lands at New York JFK airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Japan Airlines Boeing 777-300 takes off for Tokyo from New York JFK on Jan. 17, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen In honor of Leap Day, engine maker CFM's new LEAP powerplant makes an appearance on Boeing's 737 MAX, seen on Jan. 29, 2016 in Seattle, Wash.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's new 737 MAX jet lands at Boeing Field in Seattle following a test flight on Feb. 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A DHL Boeing 767-200 freighter leaves Seattle under cloudy skies in early February 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-18 fighter jet taxis to a parking stand after landing at Seattle's Boeing Field on Feb. 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's new KC-46 aerial refueling tanker returns from a test flight in February of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's new KC-46 aerial refueling tanker returns from a test flight in February of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen With its unusual wingtip fuel tanks and easily visible swooping red stripe, one of Boeing's T33 chase planes rockets out of Boeing Field in Seattle on Feb. 6, 2016, for a test flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Allegiant MD80 takes off from Seattle's Boeing Field well after dark in February of 2016 on a sports charter.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The picturesque mountains in northern Nevada make for great window watching onboard a Southwest Airlines flight on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Sean Drake greets girfriend Samantha Hoch, bouquet of roses in hand, in the lobby of Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Bombardier Q400 lands at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 757-200 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The unmistakable Las Vegas skyline makes for a unique departure view onboard a Southwest Airlines flight in February of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Suburban cul-de-sacs outside Reno create interesting symmetry, seen on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 departs Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD80 rockets out of Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lufthansa Boeing 747-400 departs Seattle-Tacoma International Airport under ominous skies on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines plane.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin American Airbus A319 takes off from Las Vegas on Feb. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Kenmore Air seaplane lands on Seattle's Lake Union on Feb. 20, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' new livery makes an appearance at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Kenmore Air seaplane soars over Seattle's Eastlake neighborhood on Feb. 20, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Bombardier Q400 lands under a faint rainbow at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin American Airbus A319 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 737 makes an awkward landing on a windy day at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 29 2 of 29 3 of 29 4 of 29 5 of 29 6 of 29 7 of 29 8 of 29 9 of 29 10 of 29 11 of 29 12 of 29 13 of 29 14 of 29 15 of 29 16 of 29 17 of 29 18 of 29 19 of 29 20 of 29 21 of 29 22 of 29 23 of 29 24 of 29 25 of 29 26 of 29 27 of 29 28 of 29 29 of 29 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: 30 more cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn July's #avgeek photo gallery (2016)  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Lufthansa's retro-painted Airbus A321 taxis to the gate after arriving at Frankfurt Airport on June 27, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun rises over Taiwan as EVA25 prepares to land at Taipei-Taoyuan International Airport on May 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Far Eastern Air Transport MD-80 jet lands at Taipei Songshan Airport on May 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Painted in a retro-scheme, a Malaysian Airlines Boeing 747-400 rests at Kuala Lumpur International Airport on June 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Framed with the skyline of downtown Taipei, a Uni Air ATR-72-600 takes off from Taipei Songshan Airport on May 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An EVA Air Boeing 747-400 takes off from Taipei-Taoyuan International Airport on May 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Malaysia Airlines jets line up at Kuala Lumpur International Airport on June 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Cathay Pacific Boeing 777-300 takes off from Taipei-Taoyuan International Airport on May 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bearing the ever-popular Hello Kitty character, an EVA Air Airbus A330 lands at Taipei-Taoyuan International Airport on May 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An AirAsia Airbus A330 jet lands at Taipei-Taoyuan International Airport on May 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A V Air Airbus A320 jet lands at Taipei-Taoyuan International Airport on May 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A China Airlines Cargo Boeing 747 takes off from Taipei-Taoyuan International Airport on May 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A China Airlines Boeing 777-300 takes off from Taipei-Taoyuan International Airport on May 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Singapore Airlines Airbus A330 takes off from Taipei-Taoyuan International Airport on May 30, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Ground staff bid a Mandarin Airlines flight goodbye at Taipei Songshan Airport on May 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 747-400 lands within view of an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on June 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air China Airbus A330 lands at Taipei Songshan Airport on May 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An ANA Boeing 787 Dreamliner taxies for take-off at Taipei Songshan Airport on May 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Moldova Embraer E190 taxies to the gate after arriving at Frankfurt Airport on June 26, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A TransAsia ATR-72-600 departs Taipei Songshan Airport on May 31, 2016 under the last rays of daylight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen AirAsia jets line the low-cost-carrier terminal at Kuala Lumpur International Airport on June 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers disembark an AirAsia flight at Sultan Mahmud Airport in Kuala Terengganu, Malaysia, on June 8, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' new Airbus A350 XWB jet lands at Singapore Changi International Airport on June 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Long-haul widebody jets pass one another at Singapore Changi International Airport on June 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Air Force One, carrying President Barack Obama, lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on June 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen President Barack Obama deboards Air Force One during a visit to Seattle on June 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska and Delta Air Lines jets pass one another at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on June 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 747-400 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on June 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Uzbekistan Boeing 767-300 lands at Frankfurt Airport on June 26, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passerby glance at a case of airplane models for sale at Taipei Songshan Airport on May 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2fAp9kj Most Popular Why travelers are returning to travel agents 3.0k Shares Amazing flight deals in early December 822 Shares Dos and don'ts for watching football in Las Vegas 10 great places to see a parade 37 Shares 10 ways to opt outside on Black Friday 40 Shares Four ways to earn extra miles while holiday shopping 77 Shares
null
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Economy & Policy » News Bill Gates makes a U-turn on demonetisation Business Standard Only America can help India build fifth-generation fighters: Boeing Boeing's plan involves first setting up an Indian factory and the aerospace ecosystem to build the Block II Super Hornet Ajai Shukla  |  St Louis (Missouri)  November 18, 2016 Last Updated at 01:44 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJEblH Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. The Super Hornet is highly regarded by the US Navy not just because it a easy-to-maintain fighter, but also because it is the cheapest to operate in the entire US fighter fleet ALSO READ IAF kicks off contest to make single-engine fighters Boeing says IAF inquiry for twin-engine fighter coming soon, hopes to build 200 in India Fighter Jets to be part of Make in India programme: Parrikar Wake up on air defence Australia enthused about Super Hornet; but CISMOA essential for buying Following the lead of Swedish company, Saab, Boeing has linked its offer to build a fighter aircraft in India with the promise of assistance in designing and building an Indian fifth-generation (Gen-5) fighter.    In a presentation to the Indian media in St Louis, Missouri, where Boeing builds the F/A-18E/F Super Hornet fighter, Boeing’s Dan Gillian, outlined a detailed road map from the Super Hornet to India’s Advanced Medium Combat Aircraft (AMCA), the Gen-5 fighter that the Defence R&D Organisation (DRDO) hopes to build.    Boeing’s plan involves first setting up an Indian factory and the aerospace ecosystem to build the Block II Super Hornet, which will then be improved into the “Advanced Super Hornet”. That infrastructure and design capability would give Indian designers the instruments to build the AMCA.    Boeing’s India chief, Pratyush Kumar, hardly disguises his scepticism of Saab’s promise to help India in designing the AMCA.   “America is the only country that has actually designed and manufactured stealthy, Gen-5 fighters”, points out Kumar. “Stealth design is not a science, it is an art that is developed only after years of trial and error. Boeing has actually mastered that art while co-designing the F-22 fighter.”   Boeing is not in direct competition with Saab, which is pitching to build 100-200 single-engine fighters in India. Instead, Boeing will compete with European manufacturers, Dassault, and Eurofighter, to establish a factory that will churn out a similar number of twin-engine fighters.   The Indian Air Force (IAF) has already solicited interest from global aerospace vendors in the single-engine category, and a similar request is expected soon for building twin-engine fighters.    Kumar claims the F/A-18E/F, which was designed in the 1990s, is a decade more contemporary than its rivals like the Rafale and the Eurofighter Typhoon, which started being designed in the 1980s.    “The Super Hornet is sometimes confused with the older F/A-18A/B Hornet fighter, which dates back to the 1970s. While they are superficially similar, the Super Hornet’s brand new design incorporates a high degree of stealth. For America, the Super Hornet was a stepping stone to the F-35, and it can be a stepping stone to the AMCA for India,” argues Kumar.    Boeing’s new Super Hornet factory in St Louis is churning out two Super Hornets each month for the US Navy, which will continue inducting the fighter well into the 2020s.    Each of America’s 9-12 aircraft carriers (the final number will depend upon President Donald Trump’s defence policy) will embark four squadrons of Super Hornets until 2028, when the F-35 Lightning II starts being inducted in significant numbers.   By 2028, each carrier will have one squadron of the F-35, and by 2035 there will be two squadrons each of the Super Hornet and the F-35.   “But the fighter will remain in service out to the 2040s and, until then, we will be developing upgrades every two years as part of a continuous development programme”, says Gillian. The first improvement on the cards is an advanced cockpit system in 2018-19.   Also being developed, even without US Navy sanction and funding, are “conformal fuel tanks” that will extend the fighter’s 1,000-km strike range by 200 km; and a more powerful and fuel-economical F-414 engine that will increase the thrust by 18 per cent.  He says the Super Hornet is highly regarded by the US Navy not just because it is a capable and easy-to-maintain fighter, but also because it is the cheapest to operate in the entire US fighter fleet, even cheaper than the single-engine F-16.     “The US Government Accountability Office (GAO) rates the F/A-18E/F as the most economical fighter to operate on a  cost per hour basis,” says Gillian.   The challenge for Boeing will be to build a supplier chain in India, like the one that feeds into the Super Hornet line at St Louis. This consists of 800 vendors in 44 states, which employ 60,000 people.   Boeing’s current Super Hornet vendors in India include Bharat Electronics Ltd (BEL), which builds electrical panels; while Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) is building wire bundles and gun bay doors. Smaller companies are also joining the supply chain, including Rossell and SASMOS, which supply electrical equipment. Read More On Boeing | Super Hornet Fighter | Amca | Indian Air Force | Drdo | Gen-5 Fighter | Economy & Policy | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Only America can help India build fifth-generation fighters: Boeing Boeing's plan involves first setting up an Indian factory and the aerospace ecosystem to build the Block II Super Hornet Boeing's plan involves first setting up an Indian factory and the aerospace ecosystem to build the Block II Super Hornet Following the lead of Swedish company, Saab, Boeing has linked its offer to build a fighter aircraft in India with the promise of assistance in designing and building an Indian fifth-generation (Gen-5) fighter.    In a presentation to the Indian media in St Louis, Missouri, where Boeing builds the F/A-18E/F Super Hornet fighter, Boeing’s Dan Gillian, outlined a detailed road map from the Super Hornet to India’s Advanced Medium Combat Aircraft (AMCA), the Gen-5 fighter that the Defence R&D Organisation (DRDO) hopes to build.    Boeing’s plan involves first setting up an Indian factory and the aerospace ecosystem to build the Block II Super Hornet, which will then be improved into the “Advanced Super Hornet”. That infrastructure and design capability would give Indian designers the instruments to build the AMCA.    Boeing’s India chief, Pratyush Kumar, hardly disguises his scepticism of Saab’s promise to help India in designing the AMCA.   “America is the only country that has actually designed and manufactured stealthy, Gen-5 fighters”, points out Kumar. “Stealth design is not a science, it is an art that is developed only after years of trial and error. Boeing has actually mastered that art while co-designing the F-22 fighter.”   Boeing is not in direct competition with Saab, which is pitching to build 100-200 single-engine fighters in India. Instead, Boeing will compete with European manufacturers, Dassault, and Eurofighter, to establish a factory that will churn out a similar number of twin-engine fighters.   The Indian Air Force (IAF) has already solicited interest from global aerospace vendors in the single-engine category, and a similar request is expected soon for building twin-engine fighters.    Kumar claims the F/A-18E/F, which was designed in the 1990s, is a decade more contemporary than its rivals like the Rafale and the Eurofighter Typhoon, which started being designed in the 1980s.    “The Super Hornet is sometimes confused with the older F/A-18A/B Hornet fighter, which dates back to the 1970s. While they are superficially similar, the Super Hornet’s brand new design incorporates a high degree of stealth. For America, the Super Hornet was a stepping stone to the F-35, and it can be a stepping stone to the AMCA for India,” argues Kumar.    Boeing’s new Super Hornet factory in St Louis is churning out two Super Hornets each month for the US Navy, which will continue inducting the fighter well into the 2020s.    Each of America’s 9-12 aircraft carriers (the final number will depend upon President Donald Trump’s defence policy) will embark four squadrons of Super Hornets until 2028, when the F-35 Lightning II starts being inducted in significant numbers.   By 2028, each carrier will have one squadron of the F-35, and by 2035 there will be two squadrons each of the Super Hornet and the F-35.   “But the fighter will remain in service out to the 2040s and, until then, we will be developing upgrades every two years as part of a continuous development programme”, says Gillian. The first improvement on the cards is an advanced cockpit system in 2018-19.   Also being developed, even without US Navy sanction and funding, are “conformal fuel tanks” that will extend the fighter’s 1,000-km strike range by 200 km; and a more powerful and fuel-economical F-414 engine that will increase the thrust by 18 per cent.  He says the Super Hornet is highly regarded by the US Navy not just because it is a capable and easy-to-maintain fighter, but also because it is the cheapest to operate in the entire US fighter fleet, even cheaper than the single-engine F-16.     “The US Government Accountability Office (GAO) rates the F/A-18E/F as the most economical fighter to operate on a  cost per hour basis,” says Gillian.   The challenge for Boeing will be to build a supplier chain in India, like the one that feeds into the Super Hornet line at St Louis. This consists of 800 vendors in 44 states, which employ 60,000 people.   Boeing’s current Super Hornet vendors in India include Bharat Electronics Ltd (BEL), which builds electrical panels; while Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) is building wire bundles and gun bay doors. Smaller companies are also joining the supply chain, including Rossell and SASMOS, which supply electrical equipment. Ajai Shukla Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Only America can help India build fifth-generation fighters: Boeing Boeing's plan involves first setting up an Indian factory and the aerospace ecosystem to build the Block II Super Hornet Following the lead of Swedish company, Saab, Boeing has linked its offer to build a fighter aircraft in India with the promise of assistance in designing and building an Indian fifth-generation (Gen-5) fighter.    In a presentation to the Indian media in St Louis, Missouri, where Boeing builds the F/A-18E/F Super Hornet fighter, Boeing’s Dan Gillian, outlined a detailed road map from the Super Hornet to India’s Advanced Medium Combat Aircraft (AMCA), the Gen-5 fighter that the Defence R&D Organisation (DRDO) hopes to build.    Boeing’s plan involves first setting up an Indian factory and the aerospace ecosystem to build the Block II Super Hornet, which will then be improved into the “Advanced Super Hornet”. That infrastructure and design capability would give Indian designers the instruments to build the AMCA.    Boeing’s India chief, Pratyush Kumar, hardly disguises his scepticism of Saab’s promise to help India in designing the AMCA.   “America is the only country that has actually designed and manufactured stealthy, Gen-5 fighters”, points out Kumar. “Stealth design is not a science, it is an art that is developed only after years of trial and error. Boeing has actually mastered that art while co-designing the F-22 fighter.”   Boeing is not in direct competition with Saab, which is pitching to build 100-200 single-engine fighters in India. Instead, Boeing will compete with European manufacturers, Dassault, and Eurofighter, to establish a factory that will churn out a similar number of twin-engine fighters.   The Indian Air Force (IAF) has already solicited interest from global aerospace vendors in the single-engine category, and a similar request is expected soon for building twin-engine fighters.    Kumar claims the F/A-18E/F, which was designed in the 1990s, is a decade more contemporary than its rivals like the Rafale and the Eurofighter Typhoon, which started being designed in the 1980s.    “The Super Hornet is sometimes confused with the older F/A-18A/B Hornet fighter, which dates back to the 1970s. While they are superficially similar, the Super Hornet’s brand new design incorporates a high degree of stealth. For America, the Super Hornet was a stepping stone to the F-35, and it can be a stepping stone to the AMCA for India,” argues Kumar.    Boeing’s new Super Hornet factory in St Louis is churning out two Super Hornets each month for the US Navy, which will continue inducting the fighter well into the 2020s.    Each of America’s 9-12 aircraft carriers (the final number will depend upon President Donald Trump’s defence policy) will embark four squadrons of Super Hornets until 2028, when the F-35 Lightning II starts being inducted in significant numbers.   By 2028, each carrier will have one squadron of the F-35, and by 2035 there will be two squadrons each of the Super Hornet and the F-35.   “But the fighter will remain in service out to the 2040s and, until then, we will be developing upgrades every two years as part of a continuous development programme”, says Gillian. The first improvement on the cards is an advanced cockpit system in 2018-19.   Also being developed, even without US Navy sanction and funding, are “conformal fuel tanks” that will extend the fighter’s 1,000-km strike range by 200 km; and a more powerful and fuel-economical F-414 engine that will increase the thrust by 18 per cent.  He says the Super Hornet is highly regarded by the US Navy not just because it is a capable and easy-to-maintain fighter, but also because it is the cheapest to operate in the entire US fighter fleet, even cheaper than the single-engine F-16.     “The US Government Accountability Office (GAO) rates the F/A-18E/F as the most economical fighter to operate on a  cost per hour basis,” says Gillian.   The challenge for Boeing will be to build a supplier chain in India, like the one that feeds into the Super Hornet line at St Louis. This consists of 800 vendors in 44 states, which employ 60,000 people.   Boeing’s current Super Hornet vendors in India include Bharat Electronics Ltd (BEL), which builds electrical panels; while Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) is building wire bundles and gun bay doors. Smaller companies are also joining the supply chain, including Rossell and SASMOS, which supply electrical equipment. Ajai Shukla Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
null
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 52° Share House votes to prohibit sale of commercial aircraft to Iran By Richard Lardner / Associated Press Thursday, November 17th, 2016 at 1:50pm .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........WASHINGTON — The Republican-led House has acted decisively to bar the sale of commercial aircraft to Iran, a move that would scuttle deals already authorized by the Obama administration and potentially worth billions of dollars. By 243-174 vote on Thursday, lawmakers passed legislation that would prohibit the Treasury Department from issuing the licenses U.S. banks would need to complete the transactions. The House bill seeks to counter the department’s decision in September to grant aviation giants Boeing and Airbus permission to sell the passenger planes to Tehran. The bill must now clear the Senate, where the measure would face stiff opposition from Democrats. President Barack Obama would veto the bill if it reached his desk, according to the White House. The proposed sales may involve the purchase and leasing of more than 200 aircraft, which could generate thousands of new jobs, according to Democrats who opposed the legislation. Republicans, however, decried the sale of aircraft to a country they say is the leading state sponsor of terrorism and has flouted United Nations resolutions by testing ballistic missiles. Advertisement Continue reading Iran’s nuclear deal with the U.S. and other world powers ended international economic sanctions against Tehran and specifically allowed for the sale of commercial aircraft and spare parts. The Treasury Department said the licenses granted to Boeing and Airbus contained “strict conditions to ensure the planes will be used exclusively for commercial passenger use and cannot be resold or transferred to a designated entity.” But Rep. Peter Roskam, R-Ill., called the aircraft sales a “scandal.” He harshly criticized Boeing and Airbus for seeking to do business with Iran. “We need to make sure that the American financial system is not complicit in this deal,” Roskam said. “We need to make sure that American taxpayers are not subsidizing this deal.” Although Roskam is from Illinois, where Boeing is headquartered, the airplanes the company proposed selling to Tehran are built in Washington state. Democrats cast the legislation as another Republican attempt to undermine last year’s Iran nuclear agreement and embarrass the Obama administration. Rep. Jim Himes, D-Conn., a member of the House Intelligence committee, said the bill plunged the House again into the “dreary and dangerous ritual” of considering a measure that would cause the United States to violate the nuclear accord that took years to forge with world powers, including China and Russia. Himes also argued denying the aircraft sale could cause 100,000 jobs to not be created. Ahead of the vote, the Office of Management and Budget said in a statement Monday that the legislation would “contravene U.S. commitments” in the nuclear deal and undercut American credibility with its allies. Advertisement Continue reading National carrier Iran Air signed agreements in January to buy 118 planes from Airbus, estimated to be worth $25 billion. Iran later reduced the number of planes to 112. Though based abroad, Airbus needed Treasury’s approval because at least 10 percent of the manufacturer’s components are of American origin. Under Boeing’s deal, Iran Air is slated to buy 80 aircraft with a total list price of $17.6 billion, with deliveries beginning in 2017 and running until 2025. Iran Air also will lease 29 new Boeing 737s, raising the potential total value of the deal to $25 billion. But Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst with the Teal Group, doubted that Iran has the money for so many new planes. The country’s economy, rife with corruption and patronage, is in poor shape, he said. Third party lenders also are likely to be leery of underwriting such large transactions because Tehran is not party to an international agreement called the Cape Town Convention that guarantees financiers can repossess the jets in the event of bankruptcy, he said. “In the here and now, Iran maybe has the ability to absorb and finance at most a quarter of the aircraft,” said Aboulafia, adding that Tehran would likely have to settle for used and leased planes. ___ Follow Richard Lardner on Twitter: http://twitter.com/rplardner Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe Politics Suggested Stories: House bill defies Pentagon – May 23, 2014 House passes defense bill that Obama threatens to veto – Oct 1, 2015 Republican-led House OKs defense bill despite veto threat – Oct 2, 2015 House approves greater oversight of Iran nuclear deal – Jan 13, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out20:59 GMT +320 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Boeing, Lockheed Battle for Contracts to Build Future Canadian Fighter Jets © Flickr/ Forsvarsdepartementet World 22:39 17.11.2016(updated 03:01 18.11.2016) Get short URL 14245428 On Wednesday a Boeing Military Aircraft executive made a bid for a Canadian defense contract by tacitly disparaging competitor Lockheed Martin, and making note of the close relationship the country has maintained with the company. Boeing President Shelley Lavender, attempting to cozy up to the government, pointed out some of Lockheed’s flaws during a speech at Ottawa’s Canadian Aerospace Summit. The Financial Post quotes her saying, "(Boeing is) providing the capabilities needed for today and tomorrow at a fraction of the cost and risk of development programs, programs that have been delayed and continue to have uncertain delivery schedules and operational costs."  © REUTERS/ US Air Force, Shawn Nickel, File Canada Ignores Lockheed Threats: Ottawa Wants Super Hornet, Not Faulty F-35 She added that her company is "inserting the latest technology into existing and new aircraft, we are driving down costs, we’re increasing quality and meeting or beating our customers’ delivery requirements." Lockheed CEO Marillyn Hewson made a similar overture on Tuesday during a visit to Ottawa, calling the country one of Lockheed’s "most valued partners," and touting the "special relationship between the US and Canada." Lockheed is trying to get the Liberal government to keep its F-35 as a replacement for Ottawa’s aging fleet of Boeing CF-18 fighter jets, a decision brought about by an unpopular single-source contract acquired under former Prime Minister Stephen Harper, a Conservative.  © AP Photo/ Airman Magazine Canada Ditches Super Hornet After Threats to Buy F-35 or Lose 10,000 Jobs Hewson said, "Since the beginning of the program in 2001, more than 110 Canadian companies have contributed to the development and production of the F-35, bringing advanced technology and engineering work to Canada,” adding that the company is "proud to be a part of Canada’s past, and we’re committed to helping this nation succeed in the future…We look forward to continuing our strong partnership for many more years to come." The issue of the sole-source contract also arose during the campaign season, with Harper remarking that, "The Liberal Party is living in a dream world if they think we can pull out of the development project of the F-35 and not lose business…I don't know what planet they're living on." according to CBC. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 28 Related: Canada's Trudeau Bound for CETA Signing Turns Around Due to Plane Problems CETA Trade Deal 'Interfering With Democratic Institutions in EU and Canada' EU and Canada Sign CETA Free Trade Deal EU, Canada Call for Resumption of Syrian Truce, New Round of Peace Talks Canada Trade Minister Introduces Free Trade Deal With Ukraine to Parliament Tags: defense contract, F-35 fighter jet, Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Canada TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply Concrete Mike 23:44 17.11.2016 | 1 | Edit | Delete Bring back thé Avro arrow lol Reply freeWill 00:32 18.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Canada can build it's own Reply wendigo 03:02 18.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete A mixed fleet of Hornets, ea18 Growlers, and the latest Gripen when it's ready, would be Canada's ideal fighter force. Too bad Ottawa's too cheap to consider more than one fighter at a time in its air force. Reply support 04:32 18.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Canada has the ability, manufacturing base, and workforce to design, prototype, tool-up, manufacture and conduct FACO on an indigenously conceived fighter aircraft. It is not simply about the proof of this provided by the Avro Aero, but that Canada currently has the capability to produce or already produces almost every component for present US aircraft and has since the establishment of the British-American Aircraft Training Programme by Lord Beaverbrook in the early 1940's during WW II. This programme also manufactured Wellies, Lancs, Spitfires and Hurricanes and post-war, Gloucester Meteors, Short Sundstrands, etc. There are already several aircraft manufacturers in Canada such as DeHaviland, Magellan Aerospace and Rolls Royce Canada for gas turbine power plants, Standard Aero for GT power plants as well, and of course Bombardier. As ever it is always the entirely unwarranted yet eternal Canadian inferiority complex combined with healthy bribes, both legal treaty-based and under the counter, that keep Canada out of the bidding. Canada should buy Russian or Chinese combat aircraft IMO if they cared anything at all about fighting wars to win.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories New EU 'Totalitarian Ideology' Plans to Put Russian Media, Daesh on Same Page The EU Parliament is set to vote on a report on countering third-party information warfare that puts Russian media and Daesh propaganda on the same level. 2279 Putin Speaks With Obama on Sidelines of APEC Summit - Kremlin Russian President Vladimit Putin spoke with his US counterpart Barack Obama on the sidelines of the APEC summit in Peru, Kremlin Spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Sunday, confirming earlier media reports. 2969 Trump Confirms Considering Appointment of General Mattis as Pentagon Chief US President-elect Donald Trump confirmed on Sunday that he has been considering retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis for the post of the head of Pentagon. 4925 Beauty AND Brains: Choose the Most Attractive Russian Female Lawmaker The serious and responsible work in the Russian State Duma does not keep some female MPs from staying in great shape and at times even becoming trendsetters. Sputnik presents below a list of Russia’s most attractive MPs. Vote for your favorite by clicking on the arrow next to the photo. 173451 Peruvian Woman Tries to Give President Putin an Unusual Gift During APEC Summit A curious incident took place during Russian President Putin's visit to the APEC summit in Lima, Peru. 83901 Damascus Will Back Syrian Peace Talks on Condition of No External Interference Damascus is ready to support the Syrian peace talks on condition that the foreign states will refrain from meddling in the negotiations, Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem said Sunday after negotiations with UN Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura. 0 291 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 20:59Persian Style Guide: First Fashion Encyclopedia Published in Iran 20:50IMF Head Skeptical About WTO - Russian Deputy Minister 20:46IMF Head Says Russia Tackling Decline in Oil Prices With Dignity - Official 20:41Putin, Abe Discuss Economic Projects in Third Countries - Moscow 20:38New EU 'Totalitarian Ideology' Plans to Put Russian Media, Daesh on Same PageAll news Poll Finds Disunity in EU Ranks, 'Things Are Going in the Wrong Direction' 72195 Putin’s Presidential Plane Chased by Swiss Fighter Jets (VIDEO) 21466 India, US Turn Corner, Resolve to Close Old Tax Disputes Worth USD 751 Million 10090 The Final Countdown: Syrian Army Prepares to Storm Aleppo's East 9695 'Putin Was Right': This is Who Will Rebuild Syria After the War 8971All news Putin’s Presidential Plane Chased by Swiss Fighter Jets (VIDEO) 94 Poll Finds Disunity in EU Ranks, 'Things Are Going in the Wrong Direction' 79 Moscow to Respond to Bern's Explanations Over Jets Tracking Russian Gov't Plane 57 Majority of Germans Want Merkel to Stay for Another Term as Chancellor 52 George Soros Seeking Ways to Resist Trump's New Global Order 53All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics From Katyusha to Iskander-M: Top-10 Arms of Russian Missile Forces and Artillery Friends With Benefits US 'War on Terror' in Numbers News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com Boeing Subsidiary CDG Team Wins Brandon Hall Gold Award for Learning and Development Boeing LTD is responsible for delivery of training to Boeing and airline customers. The LTD team needed to develop a more cost-effective and time-saving approach to train aircraft technicians on how to properly refuel oxygen equipment without compromising safety. LTD partnered with the eLearning team at CDG to develop a realistic, interactive 3D simulation and training course based on photos and instructions in aircraft maintenance manuals. The eLearning course has delivered significant savings of time and money, both in the classroom and on the job. The previous training class required 16 hours of equipment and materials preparation and in-class time; the new eLearning course takes significantly less time to complete, saving learner hours for each training course plus additional hours throughout the year due to the shorter time needed for securing training equipment and workshop training tasks. In addition, the training was connected to a significant process change that reduced the on-the-job time required for a trained technician to service a plane’s oxygen equipment. This efficiency translates into faster maintenance “turn times” to help avoid flight delays and get airplanes off the ground and back into service quickly. “We are extremely pleased that everyone who contributed to the project is receiving well-deserved recognition for their outstanding efforts,” said Norma Clayton, vice president of Boeing Learning, Training and Development (LTD). “This award is not only about the innovative approach and quality of the training materials; it also demonstrates what can be achieved when our talented teams at Boeing effectively collaborate and work together to drive a better solution for customers.” Boeing subsidiary CDG is a leading provider of engineering, technical data and eLearning services and solutions. CDG’s eLearning teams developed the multimedia simulation training content design for the training courses. The award entries were evaluated by a panel of veteran, independent senior industry experts, Brandon Hall Group analysts and executives based upon the following criteria: fit the need, design of the program, functionality, innovation, and overall measurable benefits. Excellence Award winners will be honored at Brandon Hall Group’s HCM Excellence Conference January 24-27, 2017, at the PGA National Resort in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. All award winners are listed at http://www.brandonhall.com/excellenceawards/past-winners.php. About Brandon Hall Group Brandon Hall Group is a HCM research and advisory services firm that provides insights around key performance areas, including Learning and Development, Talent Management, Leadership Development, Talent Acquisition and Workforce Management. With more than 10,000 clients globally and 20 years of delivering world-class research and advisory services, Brandon Hall Group is focused on developing research that drives performance in emerging and large organizations, and provides strategic insights for executives and practitioners responsible for growth and business results. For more information, visit www.brandonhall.com. Photo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161117/440782 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-subsidiary-cdg-team-wins-brandon-hall-gold-award-for-learning-and-development-300365266.html SOURCE CDG Related Links http://www.cdgnow.com Author: Monika Donimirska Editor View all posts by Monika Donimirska Author Monika DonimirskaPosted on November 17, 2016November 17, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Mathew A. Brainerd of Brainerd Chemical Company Inc. Named NACD Distributor of the Year Next Next post: Lands’ End Offers Chance to be Santa For a Day Search for: Search Recent Posts Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Melbourne Moving Company pledges $10,000 to help domestic violence victims this December Emma Has A Dilemma, A New Children’s Book that Teaches Grammar to 4-8 Year Old Children, Hits the Online Market. Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Skip to content Military Technologies pr @ satprnews.com Boeing Subsidiary CDG Team Wins Brandon Hall Gold Award for Learning and Development Boeing LTD is responsible for delivery of training to Boeing and airline customers. The LTD team needed to develop a more cost-effective and time-saving approach to train aircraft technicians on how to properly refuel oxygen equipment without compromising safety. LTD partnered with the eLearning team at CDG to develop a realistic, interactive 3D simulation and training course based on photos and instructions in aircraft maintenance manuals. The eLearning course has delivered significant savings of time and money, both in the classroom and on the job. The previous training class required 16 hours of equipment and materials preparation and in-class time; the new eLearning course takes significantly less time to complete, saving learner hours for each training course plus additional hours throughout the year due to the shorter time needed for securing training equipment and workshop training tasks. In addition, the training was connected to a significant process change that reduced the on-the-job time required for a trained technician to service a plane’s oxygen equipment. This efficiency translates into faster maintenance “turn times” to help avoid flight delays and get airplanes off the ground and back into service quickly. “We are extremely pleased that everyone who contributed to the project is receiving well-deserved recognition for their outstanding efforts,” said Norma Clayton, vice president of Boeing Learning, Training and Development (LTD). “This award is not only about the innovative approach and quality of the training materials; it also demonstrates what can be achieved when our talented teams at Boeing effectively collaborate and work together to drive a better solution for customers.” Boeing subsidiary CDG is a leading provider of engineering, technical data and eLearning services and solutions. CDG’s eLearning teams developed the multimedia simulation training content design for the training courses. The award entries were evaluated by a panel of veteran, independent senior industry experts, Brandon Hall Group analysts and executives based upon the following criteria: fit the need, design of the program, functionality, innovation, and overall measurable benefits. Excellence Award winners will be honored at Brandon Hall Group’s HCM Excellence Conference January 24-27, 2017, at the PGA National Resort in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. All award winners are listed at http://www.brandonhall.com/excellenceawards/past-winners.php. About Brandon Hall Group Brandon Hall Group is a HCM research and advisory services firm that provides insights around key performance areas, including Learning and Development, Talent Management, Leadership Development, Talent Acquisition and Workforce Management. With more than 10,000 clients globally and 20 years of delivering world-class research and advisory services, Brandon Hall Group is focused on developing research that drives performance in emerging and large organizations, and provides strategic insights for executives and practitioners responsible for growth and business results. For more information, visit www.brandonhall.com. Photo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161117/440782   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-subsidiary-cdg-team-wins-brandon-hall-gold-award-for-learning-and-development-300365266.html SOURCE CDG Related Links http://www.cdgnow.com Author Anna ChmielewskaPosted on November 17, 2016November 17, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Brondell Debuts Swash 1400 Advanced Bidet Toilet Seat, a Fresh Approach to Personal Hygiene Next Next post: Mathew A. Brainerd of Brainerd Chemical Company Inc. Named NACD Distributor of the Year Search for: Search Recent Posts Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Cultural exchange becomes spotlight on 3rd WIC Canadian Entreprenuer expands business empire Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Twitter Facebook Subscribe World Home News Business Opinion Editorial Food & Society Op-Ed Analysis Commentary Press Release Business RwandAir acquires Africa’s a Boeing 737-800 plane By editor Posted on November 17, 2016 Share Tweet Share Share Email Comments This post has already been read 536 times! RwandAir has acquired a Boeing 737-800, becoming the first African carrier to own and operate a 737 with the Boeing Sky Interior. The delivery also marks RwandAir’s first direct aircraft purchase. The brand new aircraft, given the local name ‘Kalisimbi,’   touched down at Kigali International Airport at yesterday. RwandAir becomes the first airline in Africa purchase and acquire a Boeing 737-800NG fully equipped with in-flight connectivity on a line-fit programme, including WiFi. The 154-seater aircraft is a dual- class cabin configuration and identical to the two Boeing 737-800NG with the first Boeing Sky Interior in Africa purchased six years ago. The brand new aircraft is expected to facilitate the airline’s expansion goal. John Mirenge, the Airline’s chief executive, believes the plane is expected to enhance RwandAir’s capacity to compete commercially in what has become rather a competitive business, In December last year, RwandAir signed a lease agreement with Aircraft Lease Corporation, an American based lessor to acquire two brand new Boeing 737-800 Next Generation. The next 737 (Muhabura) is expected to be delivered in May next year, as the airline’s capacity is expected to grow from the current 500,000 passengers annually to more than 3,000,000 in the next coming five years. RwandAir’s fleet now up to 12 aircraft and its capacity in terms of seats will double with the acquisition of the fourth B737-800NG and its second A330 (300 series). In September, the national carrier acquired East Africa’s first brand new Airbus 330-200, dubbed ‘Ubumwe’ (unity). A few months ago, the airline launched flights to Cotonou in Benin and Abidjan in Ivory Coast growing the total number of flight destinations to 19. The airline is also planning to start flight to Gatwick, London as well as America in 2017. The company is also set to open up routes to Harare Zimbabwe and Mumbia, India in the coming days. Others consist of: Bujumbura, Nairobi, Dubai, Entebbe, Brazzaville, Lusaka, Mombasa, Douala, Dar es Salaam, Kilimanjaro, Libreville, Johannesburg g, Juba and Lagos. This post has already been read 536 times! Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related Related Items: Share Tweet Share Share Email Click to comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Current ye@r * Leave this field empty Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Post navigation Good governance would ‘lift Africa’ out of extreme poverty The Rwandans stay masters of their own house Most Popular 17.4K 9 News CEPGEL remains less productive, heavily indebted-Min Mushikiwabo Opinion Tribute to Assinapol Rwigara 9.0K 11 Business Kigali Marriott Hotel to employ 10,000 staff 5.9K 1 News Rwanda: News website Ireme latest to be blocked 5.9K News #UNSG Ban Ki Moon appoints Coordinator for Ebola Virus Disease 5.6K News Ebola in DRC: Two people tested positive News Breaking: Three senior Journalists flee Rwanda News Family of business tycoon Rwigara alleges he was assassinated 5.1K 7 News Uganda: MP Cerinah Nebanda died of drugs 5.0K 1 News Angolan rapper Luaty Beirao sent to prison for rebellion Great Lakes Voice (GLV) is an independent news network that aims to provide Africa\'s Great Lakes Region with a source of uncensored news. Great Lakes Voice is owned and registered as The Voice, Ltd. and has an office at Press House (No. 37, KG 17 Avenue, Kigali). Twitter Facebook Subscribe World Copyright © 2015 Great Lakes Voice To Top
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe When the U.S. Moves on Trade, China Hits Back Fast Bloomberg News November 17, 2016 — 11:01 AM EST Updated on November 18, 2016 — 4:35 AM EST Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Trade Set to Dominate Trump-Abe Talks ‘Boeing orders will be replaced by Airbus,’ Global Times says Norwegian salmon shipments suffered after dissident won Nobel Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp China’s stance on U.S. trade can be illustrated by one of Sir Isaac Newton’s laws of motion: For every action, there’s an equal and opposite reaction. From steel to solar, Beijing has responded in kind to what it deemed as trade slights from Washington. It also has sought World Trade Organization protections, and with some success. That’s something for President-elect Donald Trump to weigh as he decides whether to honor his proposal for tariffs on the world’s largest trading nation, which had $627 billion in U.S. trade in 2015. A Communist Party newspaper this week gave a flavor of what could come, suggesting "tit for tat" retaliation should a trade tiff erupt. "Boeing orders will be replaced by Airbus," the Global Times said in an editorial. "U.S. auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback, and U.S. soybean and maize imports will be halted." Here’s how history could be a guide: Steel The latest U.S. anti-dumping action against Chinese steel was a preliminary ruling in September on imported stainless steel sheets and strips from China, after American tariffs of 266 percent on Chinese cold-rolled steel imports were announced in May. In October, China extended anti-dumping tariffs on U.S. exports of caprolactam, a material used in textiles. Beijing also scored a victory over the U.S. at the WTO in a dispute over U.S. duties imposed on 13 imported Chinese products--three years after Beijing first filed the case. For a story about how a Trump-China trade war could play out, click here Tires, Chicken Chronology sometimes says more than causality. In 2009, the U.S. imposed tariffs on Chinese tires. In 2010, China announced charges on U.S. poultry. The U.S. filed a WTO complaint in 2011. Beijing’s broiler chicken duties of as much as 105.4 percent hurt about 300,000 workers and farmers, the U.S. said at the time. In 2013, after the WTO upheld the U.S. on tire tariffs, China renewed its investigation into American poultry. In 2015, the U.S. announced duties on Chinese tires in June after a year-long investigation. China said later in August the same year that it would keep current countervailing duties on U.S. broiler chickens and relaunch a subsidy investigation. In August, the U.S. again imposed duties on truck tires. In September, China extended anti-dumping duties on U.S. chicken for five years, raising them as much as 73.8 percent. Aircraft Boeing Co., the largest U.S. exporter, has long been a key bellwether for trade relations. China Southern Airlines threatened in 1995 to pull the plug on $2 billion of orders based on progress in talks over copyright law, then didn’t. The next year, Boeing said strained trade ties would hurt sales after China gave Airbus Group SE its biggest-ever order for $1.5 billion. While China doesn’t sell its own commercial aircraft, yet, trade tension could still arise. President Xi Jinping gave Boeing a $38 billion order last year on a plant visit in Seattle. Solar In July, the U.S. raised anti-dumping duties on photovoltaic products from China. Two months later, China imposed anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties on distiller’s dried grain, a byproduct of ethanol and animal feed, from the U.S. In 2014, China hiked tariffs to 57 percent for U.S. exports of polysilicon used in solar cells. That rippled through to small manufacturers like REC Silicon ASA in Moses Lake, Washington, and Hemlock Semiconductor Corp. in Hemlock, Michigan. The dispute with China, the biggest market for materials used in solar panels, pressured U.S. producers to cut output and prices. Technology China stepped up efforts to shift to domestic technology companies after 2014 revelations of widespread spying by U.S. intelligence agencies using American electronics to snoop. It complicated life for U.S. firms like Cisco Systems Inc., Intel Corp. and Hewlett-Packard Co. Meanwhile, Chinese regulators pursued antitrust probes against Microsoft Corp. and Qualcomm Inc. Microsoft’s China offices were raided, Windows software banned from government PCs, procurement of Apple Inc. iPads was blocked. Now, foreign tech firms must give Beijing unprecedented access to their systems under a new law. Trump’s tariff plans could hurt U.S. buyers too. Cellphone imports are now duty free, but such tariffs would raise the average price by $90.08 per phone, according to a Bloomberg Intelligence analysis. Just this week, a top official from China’s ministry of industry and information technology met Qualcomm President Derek Aberle to encourage the company to work with Chinese counterparts on 5G standards and technologies. Fishing China’s counter-punches haven’t been restricted to responding just to commercial actions. Norwegian salmon exports to China plunged after the country’s parliament awarded the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize to imprisoned Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo. In 2010, when a Chinese fishing boat and a Japanese Coast Guard vessel collided in contested waters, China stopped giving Japan export licenses for rare earth metals, needed for cars and electronics. Licensing resumed days later after Japan released the boat captain. — With assistance by Kevin Hamlin, and Miao Han Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Video Stories China Beijing Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Primary Menu About TCN Contact Secondary Menu Local News Health Science Business Entertainment Sports Technology Search You Are Here: Home → The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) from Aerospace/Defense Products & Services – Todays Top Gains The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) from Aerospace/Defense Products & Services – Todays Top Gains Terrie Colard November 17, 2016 0 Comment Aerospace/Defense Products & Services, BA, Industrial Goods, NYSE, The Boeing Company Outlined as the total market value of all unsettled shares of the company, the current market cap for the The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Aerospace/Defense Products & Services is valued at 92652.59. The dominant statistics will authorize the investment community to govern the size of The Boeing Company compared to the sales or total assets figures. Consequently, investors will be able to grasp the rudimentary determinant of asset distribution and all kinds of risk-return parameters for stocks together with the stock mutual funds. Nevertheless, it is a common misunderstanding that a greater share price directs towards a larger company where stock price might also twist the definite worth of the organization. The current assessment forThe Boeing Company (NYSE:BA)  Aerospace/Defense Products & Services on its PE ratio displays a value of 22.28 with a Forward PE of 15.61. The Boeing Company Aerospace/Defense Products & Services has a PEG of 2.3 alongside a PS value of 0.98 and a PB value of 44.38. The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA)  Aerospace/Defense Products & Services shows a Dividend Yield of 2.98% with a Payout Ratio of 66.10%. The Boeing Company Aerospace/Defense Products & Services holds an EPS of 6.57 that demonstrates an EPS growth this year at 0.80%. The growth for the next year comes down to 32.54%, and its growth for the last five years shows at 10.90%. Eventually, The Boeing Company Aerospace/Defense Products & Services exhibits an EPS value of 9.68% for the next five years. Sales growth in the quarter for The Boeing Company Aerospace/Defense Products & Services NYSE shows a value of -7.50% with Outstanding shares of 632.7. The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA)  Aerospace/Defense Products & Services has a Current Ratio of 1.3 with a Quick Ratio value of 0.4. The firm shows a 20-Day Simple Moving Average of 8.50% with a 200-Day Simple Moving Average of 13.86%. Its Day High was 13.86% and Day Low showed 16.83%. The 52-Week High shows -2.43% with a 52-Week Low of 46.92%. The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA)  Aerospace/Defense Products & Services has a current market price of 146.44 and the change is -1.13%. Its Target Price was fixed at 150.78 at an IPO Date of 1/2/1962. At present, the Gross Margin for The Boeing Company BA Aerospace/Defense Products & Services  is moving around at 13.60% alongside a Profit Margin of 4.50%. Performance week shows a value of 0.93%, and the Performance for the Month is valued at 9.23%. Volatility for the week appears to be 1.55% in conjunction with the Volatility for the month at 1.82%. Disclaimer:  Outlined statistics and information communicated in the above editorial are merely a work of the authors. They do not ponder or echo the certified policy or position of any business stakeholders, financial specialists, or economic analysts. Specimens laid down on the editorial above are only cases with information collected from various sources. The authority will not be liable for anyone who makes stock portfolio or financial decisions as per the editorial, which is based only on limited and open source. Share This Post You might also like: KLA-Tencor Corporation (NASDAQ:KLAC) from Semiconductor Equipment & Materials – Todays Top Gains China Petroleum & Chemical Corp. (NYSE:SNP) from Major Integrated Oil & Gas – Todays Top Gains Praxair Inc. (NYSE:PX) from Chemicals – Major Diversified – Todays Top Gains Citrix Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CTXS) from Business Software & Services – Todays Top Gains Post Comment Cancel reply Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Safe Loan! © Copyright 2016
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store November 20, 2016 1:00 PM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Video Photo Advertisement Business briefs: Forbes ranks Pa. No. 38 November 17, 2016 12:00 AM From staff and wire reports Forbes ranks Pa. No. 38 Pennsylvania ranked 38th on Forbes magazine’s annual list of the best states for business. The Keystone State received its highest mark for quality of life, ranking 16th among states, and its lowest mark for regulatory environment mark, placing 39th. The magazine also based its rankings on business costs, labor supply, economic climate and growth prospects. Utah topped the list for the third year in a row, followed by North Carolina. Ohio placed 11th while West Virginia was 50th after being ranked the lowest among all states for labor supply, regulatory environment and growth prospects. Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs and close two facilities by the end of 2020 in an effort to make its Defense, Space & Security business more efficient, the company said. About 1,600 positions in Huntington Beach, Calif., will move to plants in three other Southern California locations — El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach. About 500 positions will move to St. Louis County in Missouri, and 400 will shift to Huntsville, Ala. Chicago-based Boeing will close a plant that employs 290 people in El Paso, Texas, and another that employs 70 people in Newington, Va. The company said the moves will reduce facility space by about 4.5 million square feet. The company will move an unspecified number of jobs from Kent, Wash., to Tukwila, Wash.. The two towns are just 16 miles apart. Kraft Heinz warns of tender offer The Kraft Heinz Co. is warning shareholders about an offer from Canada’s TRC Capital to buy up to 1.5 million of their shares at below market prices. TRC is offering $77.75 per share, about 4 percent lower than the food company’s closing share price on Nov. 11, the day before TRC’s offer commenced, said Kraft Heinz, dually headquartered in Pittsburgh and Chicago. TRC has made dozens of so-called mini-tender offers in the past for U.S. Steel, PPG Industries, Alcoa, and other companies. Securities regulators warn that some mini-tender offer sponsors hope to take advantage of investors who don’t notice the offer price is lower than the current market price of their shares. Microsoft joins Linux Foundation in another nod to open-source code Microsoft has joined the Linux Foundation, the latest sign that the software giant is embracing open-source technologies it formerly treated with hostility. The foundation helps advise the development of the Linux and other software tools built on open-source terms that allow the public to freely use and modify software. Microsoft said it had joined the foundation on its most expensive tier of corporate membership, alongside the likes of Intel and Hewlett Packard Enterprise. Linux, which former Microsoft chief executive Steve Ballmer once called a cancer, was for years one of Microsoft’s biggest rivals. Homebuilder confidence holds steady in November U.S. homebuilders’ confidence held steady in October, though their expectations for sales into next year dimmed slightly. The National Association of Home Builders/​Wells Fargo builder sentiment index released Wednesday was unchanged at 63. That’s two points below September’s reading, which was the highest in nearly a year, and up one point from a year ago. Readings above 50 indicate more builders view sales conditions as good rather than poor. The index has been above 60 the past three months after hovering in the high 50s much of this year. In all, sales of new homes were up 13 percent through the first nine months of this year compared with the same period in 2015. Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Join the conversation: Commenting policy | How to report abuse To report inappropriate comments, abuse and/or repeat offenders, please send an email to socialmedia@post-gazette.com and include a link to the article and a copy of the comment. Your report will be reviewed in a timely manner. Thank you. Commenting policy | How to report abuse Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Email Newsletters Contact Us Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Corrections Technical Help? Products & Services Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Print: Back Copies Become a carrier FAQ Home Delivery Newsstand Rates   Electronic: PGe Copyright © 1997—2016 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Sunday 20 November 2016 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » SAUDI UNIT IN GLOBAL GROUP Boeing plans to align international units in a new global operations group. Boeing to consolidate defence and space sites WASHINGTON, 3 days ago Boeing is taking steps to operate its defence, space and security business more efficiently through facilities consolidations and work movements in a bid to be a stronger partner for its customers worldwide. The move will also increase employment in Los Angeles County, St. Louis, and Huntsville, a statement said. “In order to push ourselves farther and win more business, we need to make the most of our resources and talent,” said Leanne Caret, president and CEO, Defence, Space & Security. By the end of 2020 Boeing will reduce facilities space by approximately 4.5 million sq ft. Along with that, many positions in Huntington Beach will move to El Segundo, Long Beach, and Seal Beach in Southern California, with others moving to St. Louis and Huntsville, Ala. Similarly, many positions in Kent, Wash., will move to nearby Tukwila. Boeing also will close its El Paso, Texas, and Newington, Va., sites. With the moves, Los Angeles County gains about 1,600 positions, with St. Louis gaining 500 and Huntsville about 400. “Making better use of our facilities will enhance efficiency and promote greater collaboration,” Caret said. “This will help drive our global growth in Boeing’s second century.” To bolster that effort, Boeing Defence Australia, Boeing Defence Saudi Arabia, and Boeing Defence United Kingdom will be aligned and managed in a new global operations group led by David Pitchforth. He will also continue as managing director of Boeing Defence UK. While Pitchforth will report directly to Caret, those three organizations will continue operating independently. – TradeArabia News Service Tags: Saudi Arabia | Boeing | defence | Space | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories Enjoy two holidays in one with Qatar Airways Steigenberger marks one-year milestone with two top awards Ritz Carlton, Doha awarded prestigious ISO certification New F&B outlets are bucking the market trend, says expert Emirates, DCAA ink innovation MoU Emirates Palace gears up for 45th UAE National Day Symphony Style Hotel Kuwait welcomes new finance director City Centre Bahrain offers hotel guests new shuttle service Music legend Quincy Jones opens first outlet in Dubai Royal Jordanian adds 6th Dreamliner to its fleet Bahrain introduces two new visas Oman Air launches new flight training centre Bahrain mulls deployment of air marshals on flights Turkish Airlines to fly thrice to Cuba, Venezuela Dubai celebrates the opening of Bollywood Parks AirBaltic lowers checked-in baggage charges UAE National Day celebrations at Al Maryah Island Ramada Downtown Dubai launches new anniversary promotion Premier Inn ME deploys Ideas solutions for revenue growth SR Technics opens training centre in Abu Dhabi Dutch chef wins Etihad's 'Taste The World' title Dubai Miracle Garden all set to 'bloom' this winter ME airlines to spend $345bn to boost capacity Emirates offers LinkedIn Learning courses on ice Sharjah’s Al Bait Hotel $27m revamp on track WTM London 2016 most successful edition in event history Etihad, Hong Kong Airlines expand codeshare New executive chef for Alila Jabal Akhdar Rotana launches second hotel in Amman Etihad, Airbus to develop A380 MRO services Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Rentals Find & Save el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business November 15, 2016 11:52 AM On burning plane, ‘there was no one there to help,’ says a passenger suing airline In this photo provided by passenger Jose Castillo, fellow passengers walk away from a burning American Airlines jet that aborted takeoff and caught fire on the runway at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport on Friday. Pilots on Flight 383 bound for Miami reported an engine-related mechanical issue, according to an airline spokeswoman. Jose Castillo AP Firefighters extinguish flames from American Airlines Flight 383, flight bound for Miami, which caught fire on the runway at O'Hare International Airport, Friday as it was taking off. Antonio Perez Chicago Tribune via AP 1 of 2 i By Chabeli Herrera cherrera@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A business trip behind her, Sarah Ahmed Furno was zooming down the runway at Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport late last month on an American Airlines flight back to Miami. Across the aisle, her co-worker made the sign of the cross with her fingers as the plane prepared for takeoff. “Oh s---,” Ahmed Furno said under her breath, overcome with a bad premonition. Seconds later, the right wall of the plane, directly across the aisle from her, burst into flames. “Out of maybe five of the windows you can see fire,” said Ahmed Furno, who lives in Hollywood. “The plane is full throttle for takeoff and everyone from the right side of the plane jumps on to us.” The pilots manage to stop the plane. Then the stampede follows. Gray smoke is followed by black smoke seeping into the cabin as panicked passengers try to keep away from the glowing orange wall of heat melting the windows along the right rear side of the Boeing 767. The collective thought: The plane could explode any minute. “People couldn’t breathe. The oxygen mask did not fall. There was no one on the loud speaker,” Ahmed Furno said. “In all that chaos, there was no one there to help.” In all that chaos, there was no one there to help. Sarah Ahmed Furno, passenger on American Airlines Flight 383 The crew’s inability to keep order is among the allegations that Ahmed Furno and 17 other passengers, including two more from South Florida, are claiming in a lawsuit filed on Tuesday against the airline, Boeing and GE. It alleges that American Airlines was negligent in supervising and directing the evacuation of the aircraft. The lawsuit, filed in Illinois circuit court, also alleges that the airline failed to maintain, service, inspect and repair the aircraft appropriately enough to avoid the incident. In a response emailed to the Miami Herald, the airline responded: “We’re proud of our pilots, flight attendants and other team members who responded quickly to take care of our customers under very challenging circumstances. American is actively participating in the National Transportation Safety Board’s investigation and will continue to work with the NTSB and the other parties to the investigation of this event.” The Oct. 28 flight from Chicago to Miami suffered an engine failure that led to the fire. Footage from the scene shows passengers quickly evacuating on slides on the front and rear left side of the plane and running into a grassy area while smoke and fire rise in the background. The plane’s right wing can be seen melting and drooping. About 20 of the 170 passengers and crew on Flight 383 suffered minor injuries, officials said. The suit also claims GE, the engine’s manufacturer, sold the defective engine to Boeing, which was negligent in “designing, manufacturing, assembling, and selling the accident aircraft so as not to cause injury to plaintiffs.” I don’t know what it’s triggered in me but I’m just not a good place emotionally. Sarah Ahmed Furno, passenger on American Airlines Flight 383 According to the lawsuit, the plaintiffs suffered “personal and bodily injuries, both physical and psychological in nature” and either have or will sustain “future medical bills, lost earnings, disability, disfigurement, and pain and suffering and emotional distress,” as a result of the accident. The episode left Ahmed Furno, who is an avid flier with six passports, feeling depressed. “It’s affecting everything. I don’t want to work, I’m not in a good place with my husband,” she said. “I don’t know what it’s triggered in me but I’m just not a good place emotionally.” She and the other plaintiffs are represented by Chicago-based Wisner Law Firm, which focuses solely on representing people injured or killed in aviation accidents. The firm recently resolved a similar case for an undisclosed amount involving more than 100 passengers and crew on a September 2015 British Airways flight. Like the Chicago to Miami flight, the British Airways flight involved a faulty GE engine on a Boeing plane that failed and caught fire at Las Vegas’ McCarran International Airport. “GE and Boeing and American, as well, need to take a harder look at this problem because I’m concerned it’s a recurring problem,” said Floyd Wisner, principal at the law firm. “It’s not just a rare occurrence.” GE and Boeing and American, as well, need to take a harder look at this problem because I’m concerned it’s a recurring problem. Floyd Wisner, principal at Wisner Law Firm The law firm expects to add other passengers as plaintiffs, as well as other parties, such as material suppliers or component manufactures, as defendants if certain parts of the engine are found as contributing to the fire. On Thursday, Ahmed Furno will face her first flight since the fire. The national account manager for uniform company Cintas has another business trip, to North Carolina and South Carolina. It’s also on American Airlines. But this time, she will be going alone. “I don’t want to die alone ... without my husband and my kids,” Ahmed Furno said. “I don’t know what I’m going to be like on Thursday morning when I have to get on for this flight.” Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:43 It's Election Day in Haiti Pause 1:36 Haitians pick a president 0:52 King Tide takes park visitors by surprise 0:52 UM coach Mark Richt speaks about WR Ahmmon Richards 1:18 How the octopus moves 4:02 Election Day by the numbers 0:43 Miami tight end/defensive end Stan Dobard 1:38 Proud Marine, age 98, hopes to be here for next election 1:43 Heat coach Erik Spoelstra discusses 114-111 win over Wizards 1:01 Anti-Donald Trump protesters chant "not my president" Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 days ago Behind the scenes look at the world's largest cruise ship 2:15 5 days ago Behind the scenes look at the world's largest cruise ship 0:37 2 months ago A laser-powered robot caterpillar 1:27 2 months ago Elizabeth Warren to Wells Fargo CEO: 'You should resign' View more video Business They aren't afraid to call themselves jerks who sell jerky South Florida’s tech salaries going up but not enough Another sign of change in Cuba: Delta Air Lines selling tickets from Havana office Miami-Dade unemployment ticks up in October Mitt Romney’s firm considered buying the Miami Marlins Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null

Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Airframes > British Airways to increase capacity of Gatwick-based 777-200s British Airways to increase capacity of Gatwick-based 777-200s Nov 18, 2016 Alan Dron EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 British Airways 777-200 Rob Finlayson Related Media ATW News Gallery: This Week in Aviation-Nov. 14-18 Advertisement British Airways plans to speed up its move toward “densifying’ its fleet with changes to its Boeing 777-200s. The 25 777-200s based at London Gatwick will see an increase in capacity from 280 to 332 from early 2018. The main change is going from nine abreast to 10 abreast in economy, increasing seats at the back of the aircraft from 216 to 252. The number of business-class seats will also reduce from 40 to 32 and the number of premium economy seats will double from 24 to 48. The Gatwick-based subfleet serves a more leisure-oriented set of destinations than those operating from London Heathrow, notably to the Caribbean. At a capital markets presentation earlier in November, the slide containing the details of the new, denser configuration stated the configuration would give a “lower cost/seat than the Norwegian 787.” Low-cost carrier Norwegian has been ramping up flights to leisure destinations from London Gatwick with its rapidly growing fleet of the Boeing twin-aisle aircraft. In a statement, BA said, “We are flying more customers than ever before ... To meet this demand we are updating our 777 cabins to bring us into line with many of our competitors.” The increased seat count “will allow us to offer even more low fares.” A BA spokeswoman was unable to say by how much seat width would be reduced to allow the move to 10-abreast. As part of the re-configuring of the aircraft, larger inflight entertainment screens will be fitted in economy. The UK flag carrier has previously announced it will increase the number of seats in its short-haul fleet for the second time in four years—Airbus A320s will go from 168 to 180 seats from winter 2017, while A321s capacity will rise from 205 to 218 from summer 2018. In another cut to onboard amenities, BA announced plans in October 2016 to stop serving free food and drink on its short-haul fleet. Perhaps significantly, when the move to purchased food and drink was announced, BA offered price comparisons for onboard victuals with LCCs such as easyJet. Alan Dron alandron@adepteditorial.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Cathay to shed its five 777-200s   British Airways unveils revamped short-haul fleet   Air France-KLM hikes winter season capacity   CityJet adds voice to LCY sale concerns   Saudia increases domestic capacity as competition looms   Blogs & Commentary Nov 20, 2016 blog Asia-Pacific airline CEOs have talent Former IATA director general Tony Tyler liked to say that airline CEOs give their commitment to the global association, but their hearts to their regional associations. Nowhere is that more apparent than at the annual meeting of the Association of Asia Pacific Airlines (AAPA), which was held in Manila last week and displayed the region’s airline executive talent in more ways than one....More Nov 18, 2016 blog Astonishing market cap figures show airline industry’s dramatic change In 2011, the highest equity value of any airline in the world was the forming LATAM at $12 billion. Now it is Delta at $35 billion....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Nov 20, 2016 Article Asia-Pacific carriers seek more consistent government oversight Government barriers that threaten airline profitability and growth potential is a key concern among Asia-Pacific airline executives, particularly duplicative and unfair regulatory oversight trends....More Nov 19, 2016 Article ATW Plus Despite SIA pressure, Airbus could delay A350 stretch decision   Singapore Airlines is pushing for a stretched version of the Airbus A350 to be launched, but the manufacturer is not yet convinced the time is right....More Nov 18, 2016 Article Malaysia Airlines to reconfigure A380s for Hajj flights Malaysia Airlines has confirmed plans to reconfigure and reassign its six Airbus A380s to a new carrier unit dedicated to transporting Hajj pilgrimage passengers....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Operations & Technology > MRO > Volga-Dnepr Gulf to perform C checks on UTair 737s Volga-Dnepr Gulf to perform C checks on UTair 737s Nov 18, 2016 Polina Montag-Girmes EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 UTair Boeing 737-500 Volga-Dnepr Group Related Media ATW News Gallery: This Week in Aviation-Nov. 14-18 Advertisement Sharjah-based Volga-Dnepr Gulf will perform base maintenance services on five of Russia’s UTair Aviation’s Boeing 737s in 2016. The first aircraft has already been delivered to Sharjah for a C4 check. The companies announced the partnership in August 2015, when Volga-Dnepr Gulf performed an A check on one of UTair’s 737-400s. Volga-Dnepr Gulf, a member of Russia´s Volga-Dnepr Group, was established in 1996. It started as a service provider for Soviet-built aircraft, but in 2014 it gained certification for Airbus A320 and Boeing 737/747 aircraft. UTair Aviation is the fourth biggest carrier in Russia and is based at Moscow Vnukovo airport and in Western Siberia. From January-September, UTair carried 5 million passengers, up 15.9% year-over-year. Its fleet comprises Boeing 737-400s, 500s, 800s, 767s, ATR 72s, and Antonov An-74s and An2s. Polina Montag-Girmes montag.girmes@gmail.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Volga-Dnepr Gulf gains EASA certification   Boeing Shanghai to perform 737 freighter conversions for Volga-Dnepr   MRO News-Dec. 9, 2014   MRO Digest News Briefs Jan. 20, 2016   Transaero to perform C checks on its Boeing aircraft   Blogs & Commentary Nov 20, 2016 blog Asia-Pacific airline CEOs have talent Former IATA director general Tony Tyler liked to say that airline CEOs give their commitment to the global association, but their hearts to their regional associations. Nowhere is that more apparent than at the annual meeting of the Association of Asia Pacific Airlines (AAPA), which was held in Manila last week and displayed the region’s airline executive talent in more ways than one....More Nov 18, 2016 blog Astonishing market cap figures show airline industry’s dramatic change In 2011, the highest equity value of any airline in the world was the forming LATAM at $12 billion. Now it is Delta at $35 billion....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Nov 20, 2016 Article Asia-Pacific carriers seek more consistent government oversight Government barriers that threaten airline profitability and growth potential is a key concern among Asia-Pacific airline executives, particularly duplicative and unfair regulatory oversight trends....More Nov 19, 2016 Article ATW Plus Despite SIA pressure, Airbus could delay A350 stretch decision   Singapore Airlines is pushing for a stretched version of the Airbus A350 to be launched, but the manufacturer is not yet convinced the time is right....More Nov 18, 2016 Article Malaysia Airlines to reconfigure A380s for Hajj flights Malaysia Airlines has confirmed plans to reconfigure and reassign its six Airbus A380s to a new carrier unit dedicated to transporting Hajj pilgrimage passengers....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Search WGMD 45 F Rehoboth Beach, DE Sunday, November 20, 2016 LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Home Fox News Fox Business News 3 Stocks to Keep You Invested After Retirement Fox News Fox Business News 3 Stocks to Keep You Invested After Retirement By Dan Caplinger - November 18, 2016 78 Many retirees think that they should sell off their stock portfolios after they retire. It’s true that the shorter time horizon that most retirees adopt in their investing calls for more conservative asset allocations, but especially in today’s low-rate environment, retirees can’t count on fixed-income assets like bonds to produce enough income to get by. That’s why dividend stocks have gotten so popular, and it’s why turning to stocks like PepsiCo (NYSE: PEP), Altria Group (NYSE: MO), and Boeing (NYSE: BA) can be a great way for retirees to stay invested in dependable stocks with reliable income payouts. Below, we’ll take a closer look at these three stocks to show how they could keep you invested after retirement. Continue Reading Below Image source: Getty Images. PepsiCo serves up strong growth From an income investor’s perspective, PepsiCo has been a great stock over the long run. The maker of soft drinks and the company behind the Frito-Lay snack brand currently has a 3% dividend yield, and it has given investors dividend increases in each of the past 44 years. Moreover, that dividend growth has been substantial, with its most recent boost coming in June and adding 7% to its previous payout. Dividends have played a vital role in serving up average annual returns of nearly 14% over the past 30 years. More From Fool.com Looking forward, some have been concerned about PepsiCo’s exposure to the carbonated sugary soft drink market, which has come under fire for potentially causing health problems. Yet even though its namesake beverage has faced challenges, PepsiCo more broadly has embraced the move toward healthier food offerings. By branching out and offering other beverages as well as innovative snack offerings to appeal to food-conscious consumers, PepsiCo has stayed ahead of the curve and has good prospects to add to its past successes with future growth. Altria keeps smoking Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Consumer stocks are often appealing to income investors, and Altria arguably has the best past performance of any dividend stock in the market. The company has given investors average annual returns of nearly 20% over the past 45 years, and the stock currently pays a yield of almost 4%. Altria isn’t recognized among the prestigious list of Dividend Aristocrat stocks because of various spinoffs during its corporate history, but when you adjust for those corporate events, the tobacco giant has rewarded investors with higher dividends for 47 straight years. Many investors fear that long-term secular trends against smoking will eventually be the death knell for Altria’s primary business. Yet Altria has fought successfully against those trends for decades. Moreover, its efforts to move forward with reduced-risk product development have been encouraging, and the movement toward alternatives like electronic cigarettes and heat-not-burn technology looks like a potential growth avenue in the future. Add in the company’s nearly 10% stake in beer giant Anheuser-Busch InBev, and Altria looks like it’s poised to keep defying skeptics. Boeing flies higher The aerospace industry has been extremely strong in recent years, and Boeing has been one of the primary beneficiaries of demand for aircraft. The airplane manufacturer has seen massive orders for both its newest models and its updated versions of tried-and-true aircraft, and that has produced impressive backlogs that show no signs of slowing down anytime soon. It’s true that airlines have started to see some deterioration in key revenue metrics, and the big decline in fuel prices boosted profits in what’s likely to be a one-time way. However, Boeing now has the prospects of higher defense-related spending bolstering the military side of its aerospace business. For income investors, Boeing has been aggressive in boosting its dividend in recent years. It doesn’t have the long-term history that Altria and PepsiCo do, but the company has more than doubled its quarterly payout in just the past three years, including a 20% boost at the beginning of 2016. With a 3% yield and a payout ratio of just over 60%, Boeing’s growth could continue to reward investors of all ages. Dividend stocks can be a good solution for retirees looking to stay invested in retirement and get the income they need. Take a closer look at Boeing, Altria, and PepsiCo as promising stocks that could fit the bill for your portfolio. Forget the 2016 Election: 10 stocks we like better than PepsiCo Donald Trump was just elected president, and volatility is up. But here’s why you should ignore the election: Investing geniuses Tom and David Gardner have spent a long time beating the market no matter who’s in the White House. In fact, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now… and PepsiCo wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of November 7, 2016 Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends PepsiCo. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous article3 Top Stocks You Can Buy and Hold for the Next Decade Next articleIs It Time to Bail on Bank of America? Dan Caplinger RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Q&A: Target's chief merchandising officer Mark Tritton How Will a Trump Presidency Affect Tesla? 7 Facts About Medicare Advantage You Didn't Know How Close Is Facebook to Monetizing Messenger and WhatsApp? What Happens to Utility Stocks in a Trump Administration? Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET © Resort Broadcasting Company, LLC 2016 - Designed and Managed by DATATECH DIGITAL in association with OXLEY EVERYTHING WEB
Airforce Technology Market & Customer Insight Log In Request Demo About Market & Customer Insight Jump to page content Accessibility News, views and contacts from the global Air Force industry Market & Customer Insight Log In Request Demo About Market & Customer Insight Home About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Industry Websites Digital Magazine Products & Services Company A - Z Products & Services Press Releases White Papers Company A - Z Company A - Z Products & Services Press Releases White Papers Projects Industry Projects Projects by Region Projects by Category Archived Projects Project Gallery Features Latest Features Features A - Z Contributors Videos White Papers News Latest Industry Updates Industry News Company Press Releases Events Advertise With Us Report Store Digital Magazine About Us Contact Us Industry Websites Deals this week: Boeing, Technica, Raytheon 18 November 2016 The Boeing Company has secured a $478.79m-worth prime contract award from the US Air Force for the F-15 Eagle passive / active warning and survivability system (EPAWSS) programme. Under the contract, Boeing will perform engineering manufacturing and development work on the F-15 EPAWSS through August 2020. Technica Corporation has won a NETCENTS-2 Network Operations Small Business task order to manage communications networks and provide information technology services for the US Air Force’s 844th Communications Group and National Military Command Center. "With a total value of $224m, the contract has a base period of one year worth $41m with four-year extension options." With a total value of $224m, the contract has a base period of one year worth $41m with four-year extension options. The US Air Force Life Cycle Management Center has awarded a contract modification worth $17.58m to Raytheon Missile Systems Division for logistics support services. Raytheon will provide depot-level repairs and sustainment services for the high-speed anti-radiation missile targeting system (HTS), under the one-year contract. MacAulay-Brown, Inc. has entered a partnership with Miracle Systems, LLC to support mission operations of the US Air Force Global Strike Command. The collaboration is aimed at providing technical communications expertise to support the US National Leadership Command Capabilities (NLCC) and Nuclear Command, Control and Communications (NC3). Héroux-Devtek Inc. has received a contract worth $11m from BAE Systems to manufacture landing gear components for the Hawk advanced jet trainer fleet of an export customer. The new landing gear shipsets to be supplied under the contract beginning 2018 will allow the operator to extend the aircraft’s lifespan. Related Content Follow Us:   Related News Deals this week: Boeing, Technica, Raytheon The Boeing Company has secured a $478.79m-worth prime contract award from... RAAF welcomes its first P-8A Poseidon aircraft The Royal Australian Air Force’s (RAAF) first P-8A Poseidon aircraft... US approves $141m sale of LAIRCM system for South Korea’s A-330 MRTT The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency (DSCA) has notified Congress of... New Zealand outlines plans to spend $20bn on military capabilities by 2030 New Zealand Defence Minister Gerry Brownlee has set out the government's... UK requests $1bn sale of Predator B remotely piloted aircraft from US The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency (DSCA) has notified Congress of... See all news Follow Us: Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links Newsletter sign up Online magazine sign up www.airforce-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2016 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
Sections News Weather Archives Obituaries Election Election: WHY IT MATTERS Business Stocks Education Data Center NEPA 911 Health-Science Local History Gas Drilling Courts State Sports High School Penn State RailRiders Penguins Gameface Golf Motorsports Wildlife Varsity570 Lifestyles Calendar Holiday Lights Life events Food and wine 10 things Mothers Home and Garden On The Record Crossword Times Traveler My Town Scranton Dunmore Abingtons Downvalley Midvalley Upvalley N. Pocono Wayne Wyoming Susquehanna Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Submit Letter Cole Cartoon Blog Blogs Chris Kelly Blog John Cole Cartoons High School Sports Penn State RailRiders Photo Blog Local History The Borys Blog WildLife Blog Contact Print Subscription Print Advertising NIE Press Pass Submit Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Smart Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Scranton Times-Tribune All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital SMART Edition of The Times-Tribune on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at thetimes-tribune.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the Smart Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Lifestyles • Obituaries • Opinion • Contact • Classifieds • Marketplace • Smart Vote grounds best jobs Find your dream home this weekend with our Open House finder! Let The Times-Tribune Fill Your Tank! Win TWO Tickets To Kacey Musgraves: A Very Kacey Christmas Win a year supply of Hearing Aid Batteries! Win tickets to Melissa Etheridge's Holiday Trio Dec 4th! Enter the Movember Beard Contest! This month's coupons from local merchants Press Pass Become a VIP Subscriber! Click for businesses offering discounts to Press Pass Subscribers. (read more) Most Read Recent Comments Three die in Luzerne County murder/suicide Police: Scranton woman assaulted mother More than 40 local retailers will keep their doors closed on Thanksgiving Police: Scranton man assaulted, gun missing Crews work more than three hours to extinguish S. Abington brush fire LOCAL COLLEGES: Harding lifts Misericordia Small Business Saturday a boon for the small guys High School Sports Blog Chris Kelly Blog: Christopher J. Kelly, is the Scranton Times-Tribune Columnist. Election News: Get the latest news for the 2016 election My Town: Read and comment on news, sports, features and opinion from your local community: Court Notes: Complete listings of marriage licenses, property transactions, tax liens, estates filed News Flash: Get news alerts from the Times-Tribune on your mobile phone or in your email. Education Databases: Searchable databases on demographics, test scores, financial information and te By the Editorial Board / Published: November 18, 2016 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Workers assemble Boeing 737-800 jet in 2014 at the company’s plant in Renton, Washington. (Associated Press File) Many U.S. House members who bemoaned the loss of good U.S. manufacturing jobs, while campaigning this fall, voted Thursday to kill some of the very best U.S. manufacturing jobs. By a vote of 243-174, the House approved a bill that would prevent the sale of U.S. commercial aircraft to Iran. Under the 2015 agreement by which Iran agreed to halt its nuclear power development, six Western powers, including the United States, agreed to lift economic sanctions. Iran since then has negotiated about $42 billion worth of preliminary deals to buy or lease at least 200 new commercial jets from U.S.-based Boeing and Europe’s Airbus Industries. Airbus also assembles its A321 aircraft in Alabama and buys about 10 percent of its parts from American manufacturers. The bill would preclude the Treasury Department from issuing licenses that banks need to finance international transactions, and would apply to Boeing and Airbus. Rep. Jim Himes, a Connecticut Democrat and member of the House Intelligence Committee who opposes the bill, said it would adversely affect about 100,000 jobs throughout the commercial aircraft industry and its long supply chain. To complete the deals, Iran would have to comply with several international protocols for multinational financial transactions. So the bill not only would diminish U.S. manufacturing but preclude Iran’s movement toward global diplomatic and financial norms. The Senate should reject the bill. If it does not do so, President Obama should veto it. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 149 Penn Ave. Scranton, PA 18503 1-800-228-4637 CONTACT US Copyright ©2016 The Scranton Times-Tribune PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND SCRANTON JOBS Facebook Twitter      
× Log in Username Password Log in Cancel Create new account Request new password 20 november 2016 23:00 TJT +4°C Dushanbe Ру / Тҷ / En /   Log in Радио Toggle navigation MAIN TAJKISTAN All in this rubric Power Politics Economy Security Incidents Law-order Society CENTRAL ASIA WORLD SPORT OPINION SPECIAL PROJECTS Ру / Тҷ / En /   Log in Toggle navigation Main Радио эфир Tajkistan All in this rubric Power Politics Economy Security Incidents Law-order Society Central Asia World Sport Opinion Спецпроекты World / U.S. lawmakers vote to bar sale of commercial planes to Iran U.S. lawmakers vote to bar sale of commercial planes to Iran 12:46, november 18Author: Asia-Plus 0 0 0 524 The U.S. House of Representatives yesterday passed a bill that would block the sale of commercial aircraft to Iran, a bid to stop sales by Boeing and Airbus that have already been approved by President Barack Obama's administration. According to Reuters, the bill passed the Republican-led House by 243-174 largely along party lines. Eight Democrats joined Republicans in favor.  All 174 “no” votes were from Democrats. President Barack Obama and other western countries lifted sanctions on Iran in a trade for compliance with nuclear weapons restrictions.  The lifting of the sanctions made it possible for western-based corporations to do business there, but they have not moved quickly to do that. The Washington Examiner notes the corporations' reluctance could lead to Iran walking away from the deal, since it has not gained the benefits it expected. Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Calif., said the bill would violate the deal's terms and accused the GOP of passing bills they know will be vetoed now while Obama is in office. “Perhaps my colleagues on the other side of the aisle know that in two short months, they will no longer have the luxury of legislating without consequences,” Waters said, according to The Washington Examiner. The measure would bar U.S. Treasury Department from issuing licenses that U.S. banks would need to finance sales of commercial aircraft, the latest in a series of efforts by congressional Republicans to counteract the international nuclear deal between Iran, the United States and other world powers. The deals by Airbus and Boeing to sell or lease over 200 jets to IranAir would help modernize and expand the country's elderly fleet, held together by smuggled or improvised parts after years of sanctions. Although Airbus is based in France, it must have the U.S. Treasury Department's approval for the sale because at least 10 percent of the aircraft's components are American-made, according to Reuters. Reuters notes that the measure is unlikely to become law during the current Congress. It would need to pass the Senate, where it would face stiff opposition from Democrats. And the White House said Obama would veto the measure even if it did pass the Senate.  The administration believes the legislation would be a violation of the nuclear pact, in which Iran agreed to curtain its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. However, the climate for the nuclear pact could change once Republican President-elect Donald Trump takes office on January 20.  Trump was harshly critical of the nuclear agreement during his campaign. Toggle navigation   I like this 0     0         Авторизуйтесь, пожалуйста Анонимно Через соцсеть Your name: E-Mail: Login as guest 0 Сomments Display comments as tree Display comments as tree New comments first Cancel Send Last news 14:53, november 18 Prosecutor-general’s office institutes new criminal proceedings against convicted human rights lawyer 14:35, november 18 Tajikistan starts rehabilitation of Sarband hydropower plant 13:53, november 18 Chinese investors launch the second phase of rehabilitation of Tajik fertilizer plant 11:29, november 18 Russian foreign ministry calls on former Soviet republics to grant clear legal status to Russian language 11:15, november 18 President Rahmon expected to receive credentials of new fifteen ambassadors next week 10:57, november 18 Germany expected to repatriate about 12,000 Afghans 10:27, november 18 Tajikistan reportedly tops Central Asian countries in terms of vulnerability to terrorism All news Loading... Asia-Plus Media Group (Dushanbe, Tajikistan) Toggle navigation About us Editorial staffAdvertisingSubscriptionContact «AP»VacanciesSupport us Asia-Plus Media Group (Dushanbe, Tajikistan) All right preserved. The website’s materials can be reproduced or spread in any form only with written permit of Asia-Plus. Hyperlink is compulsory for using any material from this website. @ 1997 - 2016
null
    Home About Antiwar.com Donate Blog US Casualties Contact Latest News House Votes to Forbid Civilian Aircraft Sales to Iran Bill Headed to Probable Veto If Senate Passes It by Jason Ditz, November 17, 2016 Print This | Share This In a vote heavily along party lines, the House of Representatives today voted 243-174 to forbid all sales of civilian passenger planes to Iran. The bill is aimed at derailing major contracts signed by Boeing and Airbus to modernize Iran’s airliner fleet. Iran sought to replace its old fleet, which is ailing and increasingly not serviceable, with two roughly equal contracts from the two major global supplies. Though only Boeing is actually a US company, Airbus’ offerings contain US parts, which would make it very difficult for them to try to work around such sanctions. The possibility that Airbus could do so, and make totally “US-free” planes to sell to Iran, is particularly concerning to Boeing, which has warned that Iran is such a large near-term customer that losing their share of the deals to Airbus could put them at a long-term competitive disadvantage, costing US jobs. The House bill is unlikely to become law, with still no timeline for a Senate vote. Even if the Senate approves the same bill, President Obama is expected to veto it, and it will not have a veto-proof majority, meaning the vote is largely symbolic. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz Syrian Rebels Fret Over Trump's Planned Syria Overhaul - November 18th, 2016 Netanyahu to Tell Trump Not to Cancel Iran Nuclear Deal - November 18th, 2016 Navy Appoints New Commander for Trump's Gitmo - November 18th, 2016 Iraq Claims Gains Amid Heavy Fighting in NE Mosul - November 18th, 2016 Obama Aims to Hamstring Trump on Russia With New EU Sanction Deals - November 18th, 2016 | Print This | Share This Click here to hide comments duglarri Symbolic until Trump takes office. marc There are only a few industries where America still maintains a leadership position in world markets. IT is facing difficulties because of suspicion that the NSA has compromised HW and SW and this is encouraging competition. Sanctions on Russia have created an opportunity for them to develop expertise in oil extraction technology which they might otherwise have purchased from the US. Might as well wreck another commercial possibility and create market space for Brazil, Russia and China to fill. “Make America great again” doing what? Selling porn and Viagra? JimBass56 I can’t imagine Trump the dealmaker not wanting to help American aircraft industry so let’s not tie the cuckpublican idiots in the House with MAGA. John_Smith001 Bah, more business for Airbus and more jobs for Europe. Good for them. Pat Dunne More evidence that the USA cannot be trusted to honor an agreement. Iran will get their aircraft eventually and they will be built in the EU. I suspect Iran only asked Boeing in an effort to demonstrate American policy on not honoring their pledge. pensword AIPAC is behind this. If Trump is serious about “draining the swamp,” he won’t appoint anyone who does the Lobby’s bidding. Here’s hoping his son-in-law gets legally kicked to the curb. Advertise on Antiwar.com Jason Ditz is news editor of Antiwar.com. Syrian Rebels Fret Over Trump’s Planned Syria Overhaul Netanyahu to Tell Trump Not to Cancel Iran Nuclear Deal Navy Appoints New Commander for Trump’s Gitmo Iraq Claims Gains Amid Heavy Fighting in NE Mosul Israel Saudi Arabia Obama Kurdistan Afghanistan Yemen Pakistan Iraq UN Egypt Ukraine ISIS NATO Pentagon Turkey Gaza Syria Russia Libya Iran Submission Guidelines Donate to Antiwar.com Front Page Archives Antiwar.com Newsletter Advertise on Antiwar.com Regional News Reprint Policy Search Antiwar.com Copyright © Antiwar.com 2016 Highlights Breaking News
null
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Scientific Method / Science & Exploration NASA realizes SLS and Orion are too expensive, opens door to competitors In a "request for information," NASA seeks ideas to cut its rocket and spacecraft costs. by Eric Berger - Nov 18, 2016 1:46 am UTC Login to bookmark 130 Artist concept of the Space Launch System. NASA/MSFC With a new presidential administration promising to review its human spaceflight activities, NASA on Thursday continued to signal a willingness to consider alternatives to its exploration systems—the Space Launch System rocket, Orion spacecraft, and related ground systems developed at Kennedy Space Center to support their launch later this decade and in the 2020s. In its latest request for information (RFI) released Thursday afternoon, NASA seeks solutions from industry and academia to maximize "the long term efficiency and sustainability" of its of exploration systems programs. Essentially, NASA wants ideas on how best to cut the production and operations costs for its SLS rocket and Orion spacecraft, which presently consume more than $3 billion annually in development costs. However, the RFI also offers respondents the opportunity to submit ideas about rockets and spacecraft that might compete with NASA's own vehicles for exploration funds. Specifically, the document requests responses about: "Competing exploration services in the mid-2020s timeframe and beyond if the market demonstrates such services are available, reliable, and consistent with NASA architectural needs." Ars understands this to mean that if private competitors such as SpaceX, Blue Origin, United Launch Alliance, or other companies produce less expensive rockets and spacecraft within the next five to seven years, NASA will consider using them in lieu of SLS and Orion. Fixed costs NASA's preference would be to fly the rocket and spacecraft it is developing under an agreement reached by President Obama and the US Congress in 2011. This plan called for development of a large rocket, based upon space shuttle engines, and a capsule larger than the Apollo spacecraft that carried astronauts to the Moon. However, these vehicles (managed by NASA and built by Boeing and Lockheed Martin, respectively) have proved costly. NASA has very little money left over to use for actual exploration. In an interview this summer, the engineer who oversees the development of SLS and Orion for NASA, Bill Hill, acknowledged that the vehicles were too costly now to be practical. “We’re just way too expensive today,” Hill told Ars. “It’s going to take some different thinking and maybe a little bit more risk taking than what we’re wanting to do today.” NASA hopes to reach a flight rate of one SLS and Orion launch per year by the year 2023. As it moves into this operational phase, Hill has set an annual target for these "production and operations" costs to build, test, and fly the vehicles. “My top number for Orion, SLS, and the ground systems that support it is $2 billion or less,” Hill said. “I mean that’s my real ultimate goal. We were running at about three-plus, $3.6 billion during the latter days of the space shuttle. Of course, there again, we were flying six or seven missions. I think we’re actually going to have to get to less than that.” Cutting costs RFIs are a common method used by the government to solicit public input. They do not seek specific proposals, but rather the ideas received may be used to inform future acquisition strategies. The new RFI from the space agency, which requires a response from interested parties by December 23, seeks replies across a broad number of areas to get costs down. For example, it welcomes ideas on new contracting methods, such as fixed-price contracts, block buys of materials or systems, and suggestions for changing government requirements that unduly raise costs. NASA's RFI also lays out a "baseline" of missions the agency expects to fly in the coming decade or so, from Exploration Mission-1 in 2018 through EM-10 in 2030. Nearly all of these missions will take place in the "proving ground," an area of deep space near the Moon where NASA believes it can safely test rockets, spacecraft, and habitation modules for eventual human missions to Mars in the 2030s. Ostensibly, the RFI seeks replies for how it can make its SLS and Orion production more efficient, and it may simply be a tactic to pressure the agency's primary contractors, Boeing and Lockheed Martin, to reduce costs. Yet, as Ars exclusively reported last week, NASA officials are open to new ideas from competitors of Boeing and Lockheed Martin. “This is NASA taking a breath and looking at alternatives,” one source told Ars at the time. “Part of why they also did it is they are signaling to the next administration that they may be willing to look at alternatives.” Alternatives Indeed, there are hints of this openness to alternatives in the new RFI. Not only does it solicit "competing exploration services" in the mid-2020s, it also seeks "synergies between current (SLS, Orion, and/or EGS) and future systems that can reduce total exploration costs." This indicates a willingness to augment NASA's exploration fleet with private vehicles—if those rockets and spacecraft are available and will cut costs. For example, both SpaceX and Blue Origin (with the Falcon Heavy and New Glenn boosters, respectively) are deep into development of heavy lift rockets in the same class as the SLS launcher. United Launch Alliance is also developing the Vulcan rocket with an upper stage being optimized for use in NASA's "proving ground" between the Earth and Moon. These are all expected to cost significantly less to fly than the SLS. NASA envisions evolving its SLS rocket to the powerful Block 2 variant by 2029. Note the solid rocket boosters on the side. NASA The RFI allows for other possibilities, too, such as using private components to lower the cost of NASA's vehicles. Presently the SLS relies on large solid rocket boosters manufactured by Orbital ATK to give the rocket a powerful kick off the launch pad. However, there are no other uses for these boosters, so if NASA wants to use them for the SLS it must pay a few hundred million dollars each year just to keep the production line open. A company like SpaceX might offer its Falcon 9 rocket as an alternative, strap-on booster. Since the rocket is already being used commercially, NASA would not have to pay any fixed costs for its use. It's difficult to read too much into the document, which seems like a product of its times. Yes, NASA is acknowledging that it is spending too much on SLS and Orion. Yes, the agency is concerned about the Trump administration and the desires of some members of its transition team to further privatize NASA and push the agency toward lower-cost reusable rockets. If America's new president considers himself a negotiator, it seems that NASA is now saying it is willing to negotiate, too. Expand full story Promoted Comments Statistical Ars Praefectus et Subscriptor jump to post You can't make the SLS economical. This is why so many advocated against it to begin with. You can't take expensive engines, hydrogen first stage, and solid rocket booster, then launch it only once a year (or less), throw it all away and expect it to be cheap. There is no tinkering around the edges which would make it viable. I would say it is 'flawed' at its core but honestly it is working exactly as intended. The Orion is a fairly good lunar command module. Spacecraft aren't pickup trucks where one design can work across a variety of missions. The problem with Orion is NASA being forced to use it as some general purpose starship when it IS a lunar command module, nothing more, nothing less. For anything else it is either way over engineer or insufficient for the mission. If NASA wants a general purpose capsule it should be limited to a space taxi. Something like Dragon or Starliner would be a good starting point. Small, lightweight, launcher agnostic, highly survivable, and solely intended to get the crew from the surface to orbit and back again. Then have it dock with a hab that has been purpose built for the current mission. The hab & propulsion requirements for a trip around the moon will be vastly different than what is required for a 3 year ground mission on Mars so don't try to build that into the capsule specs. Of course NASA doesn't need an RFP for this. They already know this. 8831 posts | registered 9/27/2010 Reader comments 130 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Eric Berger / Eric Berger is the senior space editor at Ars Technica, covering everything from astronomy to private space to wonky NASA policy. A certified meteorologist, Eric lives in Houston.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
X Close World Home > News > World < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 18 November 2016 | MYT 5:10 AM U.S. House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran by patricia zengerle WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives passed a bill on Thursday that would block the sale of commercial aircraft to Iran, a bid to stop sales by Boeing and Airbus that have already been approved by President Barack Obama's administration. The bill passed the Republican-led House by 243-174 largely along party lines. Eight Democrats joined Republicans in favour. All 174 "no" votes were from Democrats. The measure would bar U.S. Treasury Department from issuing licenses that U.S. banks would need to finance sales of commercial aircraft, the latest in a series of efforts by congressional Republicans to counteract the international nuclear deal between Iran, the United States and other world powers. The deals by Airbus and Boeing to sell or lease over 200 jets to IranAir would help modernize and expand the country's elderly fleet, held together by smuggled or improvised parts after years of sanctions. Although Airbus is based in France, it must have the U.S. Treasury Department's approval for the sale because at least 10 percent of the aircraft's components are American-made. Some members of Congress have raised concerns that killing the sale could cost jobs. But opponents, particularly Republicans who unanimously opposed the nuclear agreement, argue that the passenger aircraft could be used for military purposes such as transporting fighters to battle U.S. troops or allies in Syria. The measure is unlikely to become law during the current Congress. It would need to pass the Senate, where it would face stiff opposition from Democrats. And the White House said Obama would veto the measure even if it did pass the Senate. The administration believes the legislation would be a violation of the nuclear pact, in which Iran agreed to curtain its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. However, the climate for the nuclear pact could change once Republican President-elect Donald Trump takes office on Jan. 20. Trump was harshly critical of the nuclear agreement during his campaign. (Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; Editing by Sandra Maler) You May Be Interested French in centre-right primary to pick presidential candidate to face Le Pen Trump confirms he is considering Mattis for U.S. defense post Haiti holds long-awaited vote still reeling from hurricane Mali's local elections marred by protests, boycotts Italy's Renzi gets backing in referendum from singers, athletes, chef Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Perak cruise to second win in Under-14 hockey meet A ‘Yan’ to be the best Lavishing patrons with ‘arty’ delights advertisement Latest News Obama, Putin speak for four minutes about Syria and Ukraine French in centre-right primary to pick presidential candidate to face Le Pen Syrian family of six among dozens killed in Aleppo attacks Italy's Renzi gets backing in referendum from singers, athletes, chef Obama and Putin speak at APEC summit in Lima Most Viewed in News Najib: Malaysians fed up with Bersih Toddler run over after falling out from car in Johor Maria Chin, now in solitary confinement, allowed family visit Eight arrested in pre-rallies swoop released IIUM wins Cambridge debating tournament Suhakam wants authorities to explain rally arrests The secret of China’s Genting Olympic resort Khaled: Umno facing worst-ever battle in its history Rahman Dahlan: Rising living cost due to external factors Ronnie Liu recovers after fainting at police lock-up Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran By Reuters Published: 15:40 EST, 17 November 2016 | Updated: 15:40 EST, 17 November 2016 e-mail By Patricia Zengerle WASHINGTON, Nov 17 (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives passed a bill on Thursday that would block the sale of commercial aircraft to Iran, a bid to stop sales by Boeing and Airbus that have already been approved by President Barack Obama's administration. The bill passed the Republican-led House by 243-174 largely along party lines. Eight Democrats joined Republicans in favor. All 174 "no" votes were from Democrats. The measure would bar U.S. Treasury Department from issuing licenses that U.S. banks would need to finance sales of commercial aircraft, the latest in a series of efforts by congressional Republicans to counteract the international nuclear deal between Iran, the United States and other world powers. The deals by Airbus and Boeing to sell or lease over 200 jets to IranAir would help modernize and expand the country's elderly fleet, held together by smuggled or improvised parts after years of sanctions. Although Airbus is based in France, it must have the U.S. Treasury Department's approval for the sale because at least 10 percent of the aircraft's components are American-made. Some members of Congress have raised concerns that killing the sale could cost jobs. But opponents, particularly Republicans who unanimously opposed the nuclear agreement, argue that the passenger aircraft could be used for military purposes such as transporting fighters to battle U.S. troops or allies in Syria. The measure is unlikely to become law during the current Congress. It would need to pass the Senate, where it would face stiff opposition from Democrats. And the White House said Obama would veto the measure even if it did pass the Senate. The administration believes the legislation would be a violation of the nuclear pact, in which Iran agreed to curtain its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. However, the climate for the nuclear pact could change once Republican President-elect Donald Trump takes office on Jan. 20. Trump was harshly critical of the nuclear agreement during his campaign. (Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; Editing by Sandra Maler) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Shouldn't one prefer English tea, Meghan? Prince Harry's girlfriend is spotted bringing a new coffee machine on set as she returns to work on TV show Suits 'She needs hot milk and a sleeping tablet!' Little Mix fans mock 'hungover' Jesy Nelson as she struggles to cut BREAD on TV show... overshadowing the return of her engagement ring  The grand night out! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May celebrate with friends and family following their Amazon Prime debut 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Kardashian Red hot! Sizzling Lauryn Goodman shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she makes a splash in Mykonos Bikini body Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on an extremely leggy display in thigh-high boots to launch new fashion line Entrpreneur Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Faced tough times Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London Chic figure in a cobalt blue sleeveless jumpsuit which clung to her slender frame. 'Wow look at that a**e': Katie Price takes to Instagram to document her bum lift and flaunt her perky results Showing off In knead of a hug? Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown pouts as she watches tennis match with hunky boyfriend Liam Macaulay TOWIE's Gemma Collins flaunts her curves wearing figure-hugging ripped jeans out and about in Essex as fans comment on her slimmer appearance Using more than just a filter? Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison looks flawless in Instagram snap... but unedited pictures tells a different story I'm A Celeb star Scarlett Moffatt confesses she once shredded an ex-boyfriend's clothes after he started seeing another woman Feisty Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Claudia Winkleman appears in high spirits as she sports a chic navy coat in Blackpool...despite enjoying late night after-party with her Strictly co-host 'How vain!' Simon Cowell is slammed on Twitter after pausing critique to demand big screen close-up during live X Factor broadcast Fans outraged as Kanye West storms out of ANOTHER gig just ten minutes in after rant blasting 'old a**' Hillary, Mark Zuckerberg's 'lies', 'winning-obsessed Beyonce and Jay-Z 'who has hit-men' Laura Whitmore puts on a VERY leggy display in a slashed pink satin gown as she attends Global Gift Gala  Braving the rain and wind 'You are kidding me!' I'm A Celebrity's Martin Roberts emits high-pitched scream as he is locked in a snake-filled coffin of water Scary stuff Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event Turns heads Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  The X Factor's Samantha Lavery finds herself flung off a mechanical bull during London club performance Game for a laugh 'I adore him': Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'such a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  Danielle Bux shows some skin in flowing off-the-shoulder print dress as she cheers on daughter Ella, 14, during tennis practice in Los Angeles Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia at Moana screening I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  On your bike! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton proudly parades her ample assets as she strips down to her bra for a cycle and al fresco lunch in Spain 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga by posting a topless snap of them embracing Forget the traditional birthday card!  'Is he allowed to get away with homophobia just because he's Peter Kay?' Comedian splits opinion as he jokes with Judge Rinder on Strictly... while others praise his 'hilarious' skit Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight Caught on tape 'They're like a pair of love-struck teenagers': James McAvoy 'embarks on romance with N Might Shyamalan's assistant Lisa Liberati'... months after split from wife Anne-Marie Duff 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Sweet Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Taking fatherhood in his stride Action! Dapper James Nesbitt is surrounded by riot police on set of the second series of Stan Lee's Lucky Man His own best advertisement! Cody Simpson steps out in LA showing off his edgy style in a personalised monogrammed silk jacket  Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to Louis Walsh joking she's had a boob job It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot California chilling Thistle cheer her up! Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned pins in thigh-skimming floral bardot dress as she enjoys night out in Manchester 'Thank you for all your love and support': Jemma Lucy 'confirms' she's in a relationship with Charlotte Dawson... but is it just a joke? After a late night tweet Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly 'One word, three syllables - fab-u-lous!': Danny Mac scores first 40 of the season with his flawless Charleston as Strictly hits the glitzy Blackpool ballroom 'You can't spoil your kids': Mel B reveals she's a strict parent, and expects her children to work for their pocket money Still have a great lifestyle 'They've spoken about babies': Mother of Scarlett Moffatt's boyfriend Luke Crodden reveals the pair are thinking about 'settling down' after jungle stint Andrew Lloyd Webber and his wife Madeleine Gurdon look in good spirits as they arrive in Barbados for sun-soaked holiday Double trouble! The final four X Factor contestants will duet with James Arthur, Charli XCX, Jess Mauboy and Robbie Williams as they fight for a victory in the grand finale Honeymoon's over! Scarlett Moffatt left in tears after newbies Danny Baker and Martin argue over task, bringing first friction to I'm A Celeb jungle Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Famous curves 'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Enviable physique 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie 2/3s of Charlie's Angels  A whole lotta cash! The Police 'offered over £7.3million to reunite with Sting' to headline Desert Trip festival in 2017 Next Oldchella? Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA Itty-bitty teeny-weeny New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Autumnal look 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Everyone say 'Aahh' Spa-mazing! Carol Vorderman shows off incredible figure in a VERY low cut slinky swimsuit as she indulges in some I'm A Celebrity pampering  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls Bust a move! Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie Curtis, 5, steps out at the Sydney premiere of Trolls... and is seen breaking it down inside to a Justin Timberlake song 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean girl 'Why him, not me? I wish I could change places with him': Chef Jean-Christophe Novelli tells of the pain of his 10-week-old son's cancer battle  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  What a catch! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip away with friends to the tropical Bahamas Claws out Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  Spotted in Hollywood Great Balls of fire! Could the incrEDible happen? Ed lights up Blackpool during Strictly live performance as even Craig Revel Horwood says he could reach final  Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Out and about Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopper 'They're worse than the critters!' I'm A Celebrity fans flock to Twitter to rant about 'moaning' Martin Roberts and 'obnoxious' Danny Baker Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Turned heads Work it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her extreme hourglass figure in vintage-inspired active wear designed by her 'best friend' Va voom! Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors Hour glass 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' as she attends a fan event in Sydney Who wore it best? Nikki Sanderson and Simon Gregson's wife Emma wear the SAME plunging dress to charity bash in Manchester GEM Appeal winter ball Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Still got it! Goldie Hawn turns heads in VERY low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with partner Kurt Russell...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps 'He knows where I am': Honey G challenges Strictly Come Dancing's Ed Balls to a dance off following her X Factor rap medley Both love/hated Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Day of winter festivities The G Factor! Aspiring rapper Honey G overtakes bookies' favourite Matt Terry in The X Factor phone votes causing Simon Cowell to 'worry'  Fishing for compliments! Joel Dommett gets flirty with Lisa Snowdon on I'm A Celeb... despite being sat in a hot tub full of fish guts   Alesha Dixon shows plenty of gorgeous glowing skin in stunning off-shoulder gown as she attends Global Gift Gala with partner Azuka Ononye 'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley says he gets sick of hearing his own songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Laura Bailey stuns in black lace slip dress at Claridges Christmas Tree party... while Lily Cole misses the glam memo in socks and trainers Red hot! Zilda Williams flaunts her ample E cup cleavage in a VERY revealing red Baywatch-inspired skimpy swimsuit beachside  Red hot! Kym Marsh shows off her svelte physique in form-fitting crimson lace gown as she arrives at the GEM Appeal Winter Ball in style Strictly smiling! Louise Redknapp, Danny Mac and Ed Balls in cheery mood as they leave Blackpool's Tower Ballroom after dance triumph  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing promotion of Rules Don't Apply She's beem burning the candle at both ends Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park Dad day Coleen Rooney shows her support for husband Wayne as she takes kids to watch Arsenal game... after footballer faced backlash for partying until 5am It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Swapped philanthropy  for a spot of sightseeing 'He's always going to be better than you!': Louis Walsh claims Ryan Lawrie will forever be in Matt Terry's shadow in feisty X Factor critique   Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside Order of the day He's a beach boy at heart! Home and Away's George Mason skips the shoes and goes shirtless on a grocery run at Bondi with bikini-clad model girlfriend Manon Buchalet 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Expecting child soon Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Lucy Mecklenburgh, 25, shares a smile with her lookalike mum Linda, 55, as the pair saunter through Brentwood An uncanny likeness 'We're scrutinised more harshly than men': Natalie Imbruglia speaks about getting older... and the 'stupid' women in Hollywood who lie about their age Raunchy Perrie Edwards flashes her cleavage in skimpy bralette as she joins her Little Mix band-mates at BBC Radio 2 Arrived in style The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  They're all at it Royal doppelgängers! Young actors playing Prince George and Princess Charlotte seen on set of forthcoming BBC drama King Charles III Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Parky finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later Called her 'sex queen'  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story? Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a daring cut-away jumpsuit as she hits the town  Flaunt it All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony The 47-year-old looked sheepish Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Cut-out for the catwalk! Kady McDermott and Emma McVey flash their busts in plunging tops as they enjoy glamorous girls' night out Saucy amount of skin GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Hit the rocks? Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Pictured arriving for work in Toronto Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out Covered up 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America Wogan surge sets Children In Need record: Appeal raises £46.6m after viewers were urged to 'give everything' in Sir Terry's memory   'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Bizarre image 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video 'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He's an early investor Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer She never fails ooze glamour Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Increasingly busy now Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the high temperatures Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Took advantage of cooler weather Leona Lewis shows off her trim midriff in statement navy bardot jumpsuit as she attends charity luncheon with Terri Seymour in Beverly Hills So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous bulge again... after laughing off the rumours about his manhood Post-baby curves! Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Adorable little boy He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumours swirl about ex J Lo It started with a kiss... Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer as 17-year-old is told off after being seen in a beer tent at London's Winter Wonderland Pippa Middleton attempts to end family rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Following coke scandal Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Fashionable magnet Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Ashley James suffers an embarrassing fashion faux pas as she forgets to remove the tag from her satin dress at the Chain Of Hope charity ball 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken All dressed up for the cameras Leading the cha-cha-charge! Fan favourite Ed Balls lands in Blackpool as Strictly stars arrive for BBC special Cutting a causal figure Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  Expanding her interests beyond just acting Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Spirited display Little Stars! These smiling youngsters grew up to be some of Britain's biggest celebrities... but can you guess who they are?  New charity campaign Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it They really are the best of exes Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life - as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson She's committed to making it work Former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she helps Chelsea boutique celebrate its first anniversary  Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Top condition Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro Flaunted enviable figure Gemma Oaten dazzles crowds with her voice during festive performance as she joins Jennifer Metcalfe for Christmas light switch on in Reading Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Quirky twist GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been a sex symbol for 30 years Look away Chloe! Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna shares a passionate smooch with newcomer Elettra Lamborghini on boozy night out with his co-stars 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople' It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Quintessential style 'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Back together? Vogue Williams cosies up to artist ex boyfriend Maser as they enjoy picturesque holiday in Iceland HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  Yasmin, 51, broke her shoulder on the first day of a 350-mile journey  'We are getting to know each other again': Nick Knowles's wife Jessica reveals the pair are back together but taking things slowly after she beat cervical cancer Ola Jordan flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys the I'm A Celeb jungle shower 'The gloves could come off': Wayne Bridge's ex Vanessa Perroncel 'angry the ex footballer didn't tell her he was doing I'm A Celebrity'  Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA Flair for fashion We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner Edgy all-black ensemble A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Locking lips Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs Just a day away Angelina Jolie appears in International Criminal Court video for children Tthe 41-year-old Oscar winner recorded a message on Friday  Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Danielle Armstrong oozes glamour in an elegant sapphire gown as she turns heads at Chain of Hope charity ball Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer Surrounded by loved ones as she succumbed to the disease 'They're all Z-list p****s': Danny Dyer lashes out at TOWIE stars as he brands them 'fame-hungry and untalented'  Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Light winter ensemble Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA Relaxed attire 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki Picture purrfect! Atomic Kitten singer Kerry Katona and George Kay prove their relationship is on track as they enjoy loved-up break to Abu Dhabi  Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Summer bodies are made in the winter Does she need to be any more Vanilla? Ice Ice Baby singer 'lined up to duet with Honey G' if she makes it to the final... as producers 'struggle' to secure collaboration 'He's the best!' Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Arlene Phillips tips 'novelty act' Ed Balls to win ahead of Blackpool special Inseparable! Lottie Moss and rumoured boyfriend Alex Mytton look besotted as they enjoy another night out on the town together 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini She revealed her rock hard physique PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body Stephen Bear puts on a loved-up display with new flame Taylor Regan as they step out hand-in-hand at Winter Wonderland opening Two stars with VERY roguish relatives: Cheryl discovers she is related to a serial seducer - while Amanda Holden finds out her granddad was a hero in new series of Who Do You Think You Are? Double denim! Chloe Meadows displays her toned pins in thigh skimming mini skirt at clothes launch Amy Willerton channels old school Hollywood glamour in fringed semi-sheer gown as she makes a sweeping entrance at Chain of Hope charity ball Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town Checked out the reservations Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal It's a spade 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself The little one got to spend some time with Santa She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig Took the stage in Miami  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Slammed 'hate speech' Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  Unique sense of style They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Another one? Ex-Geordie Shore star Daniel Conn flaunts his muscular frame as he enjoys a day at Bondi Beach with a mystery woman What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  As a digital native, Kylie Jenner knows the power of a good selfie.  Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Vision in black and red 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime Multi-tasking Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Sleeping on the plane? Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  FIRST LOOK: Peter Capaldi held at gunpoint in Doctor Who Christmas special clip featuring Matt Lucas and masked vigilante The Ghost . Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes the BBC's Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at charity ball The 46-year-old model wore a sleeveless, shimmery black gown All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Preened to perfection! Home and Away's Pia Miller sports full face of makeup and styled locks in tiny shorts... as she films workout in Sydney Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual... a week after locking lips with Lucy Vives 'I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it!' Things are getting serious! Sharon Osbourne gives Honey G a pep talk ahead of X Factor live show amid reports of her 'tantrums' Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York Ruggedly handsome at the same time Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I didn't talk for eight months': Danny Baker reduces Scarlett Moffatt to TEARS as he discusses tough cancer battle in the jungle Wayne Bridge, Adam Thomas and Jordan Banjo leave viewers in hysterics as they scream like girls during critter challenge... but redeem themselves in winning live trial Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks her social media silence as she posts an inspirational Gandhi quote and thanks her friends for their support  'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' 'Two of his previous partners have got pregnant after the show!' Louise Redknapp hopes Strictly partner Kevin Clifton will be her 'lucky charm' for third baby Chloe Lewis flaunts her tanned and toned pins in a sexy oversized blazer and lace slip as she makes glamorous appearance at bar launch in Liverpool Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at Chain of Hope charity ball 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during an off season vacation with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs EXCLUSIVE: Comic Kathy Griffin tells how she witnessed hard-partying Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks and was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Little Mix bring the glamour to Children In Need night... as they delight group of theatre kids with a big surprise Glowing Rochelle Humes cradles her blossoming bump as she and husband Marvin present Children In Need side-by-side From Dirty Den to Dirty Dancing! Shona McGarty wows in EastEnders Children In Need 80s medley, while Richard Blackwood performs Footloose  A starry occasion! Frankie Bridge stuns in sheer patterned ensemble as she takes on presenting duties at Children In Need Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Hirst girl's £1,270 kinky boots are 'shoe porn'  Model Katie Keight, 26, revealed her penchant for luxury footwear  'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Died surrounded by her band, the Dap-Kings Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on a Vietnamese chat show  From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple looked as loved up as ever 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticised by 'mean girls' Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA The 32-year-old model was spotted showing off some serious shoulder  Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Pant and Dec! Superfan gets cheeky tattoo of the Geordie duo recreating famous Lady and the Tramp spaghetti eating scene on his BUM 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona 'Tis the season! Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even a SEX CLUB membership 'It was his favourite night of the year': Sir Terry Wogan's son Mark pays tribute to his late father as Graham Norton says the broadcaster 'will always be in our hearts' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Enter your email Address Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Press Releases / Boeing to Consolidate Defense & Space Business Facilities; Chris Raymond Comments Boeing to Consolidate Defense & Space Business Facilities; Chris Raymond Comments Dominique Stump November 17, 2016 Press Releases 358 Views Chris Raymond TYSONS CORNER, VA, Nov. 17, 2016 — Boeing (NYSE: BA) plans to consolidate facilities and workloads across some U.S. sites to support efforts to drive the operational efficiency of its defense, space and security unit, ExecuitveBiz reported Wednesday. The company said Tuesday it aims to reduce office space by approximately 4.5 million square feet; close its sites in El Paso, Texas, and Newington, Virginia; and increase employment in its Los Angeles County, St. Louis and Huntsville facilities by the end of 2020. “Our first course of action is to look at where we can move talent from some of the other locations to [Huntsville], but then if we can’t do that, we’ll have to go out and hire locally,” Chris Raymond, vice president and general manager of Boeing’s electronic and information solutions division, told WAAY-TV in a report published Tuesday. About Executive Mosaic: Founded in 2002, Executive Mosaic is a leadership organization and media company. Executive Mosaic offers highly coveted executive events, breaking business news on the Government Contracting industry, and delivers robust and reliable content through seven influential websites and four consequential E-newswires. Headquarters are located in Tysons Corner, VA. www.executivemosaic.com Contact: David Smith (703) 226-7002 david.smith@executivemosaic.com Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags ba Boeing Boeing Defense Space and Security Boeing electronic and information solutions chris raymond Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz govcon Los Angeles County St. Louis and Huntsville Related Articles CGI to Support Cloud Migration of GAO Financial Mgmt System November 18, 2016 Vencore to Continue Support for GSA Public Buildings IT Service; Mac Curtis Comments November 18, 2016 Harris’ Falcon III Radio Receives NSA Certification to Utilize MUOS Waveform November 18, 2016 Check Also Carahsoft to Market Palo Alto Networks IT Security Tool to the Public Sector TYSONS CORNER, VA, Nov. 18, 2016 — Carahsoft has agreed to be a federal government … CAE Promotes Joe Armstrong to VP, GM of Canada Defense & Security Unit TYSONS CORNER, VA, Nov. 18, 2016 — CAE (NYSE: CAE) has promoted Joe Armstrong, previously … Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags CGI to Support Cloud Migration of GAO Financial Mgmt System November 18, 2016 November 18 Market Close: GovCon Index Narrowly Green to Close 2nd Straight Weekly Gain November 18, 2016 Weekly Roundup November 14 – November 18, 2016: ‘Big 3’ Credit Rating Firm Ups Defense Outlook & more November 18, 2016 Vencore to Continue Support for GSA Public Buildings IT Service; Mac Curtis Comments November 18, 2016 Harris’ Falcon III Radio Receives NSA Certification to Utilize MUOS Waveform November 18, 2016 Deloitte Reports $468B 2015 Cost Overrun for Major Defense Acquisition Programs; Robin Lineberger Comments October 27, 2016 9,099 Huntington Ingalls to Buy Camber for $380M to Add IT, Govt Services Market Footprints November 2, 2016 3,471 L-3 Signals More Acquisitions This Year, CACI & Raytheon Pivot to Organic Growth Focus October 28, 2016 2,493 BC Partners, Medina Capital Seek to Add Analytics, Machine Learning Tools to Cyber JV Via Brainspace Purchase November 7, 2016 2,214 Harris to Sell Maritime Comm Business for $425M, First Divestiture Since Jana Pact November 1, 2016 2,147 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... featured govcon Executive Mosaic Lockheed Martin ExecutiveBiz Contract Awards business news Financial News Defense Department government contracting Northrop Grumman Executive moves Raytheon Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index U.S. Air Force DOD press release U.S. Navy Defense Contracting Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor ExecutiveBiz State Dept Approves UK Purchase of $1B Worth General Atomics Predator B UAS SC3 Appoints Natl Security Industry Vet Susan Holley as Business Devt SVP Mitre Appoints Mike Rogers, Cathy Minehan to Board of Trustees AECOM Appoints LaMont Wells an EVP for Mgmt Services Group; John Vollmer Comments Raytheon to Provide Aerial Decoy Jammers to USAF Under $76M Contract Option BAE to Provide Post-Delivery Services for Navy Zumwalt-Class Destroyers Under $193M IDIQ @Follow Me CGI to Support Cloud Migration of GAO Financial Mgmt System https://t.co/LrFIlyELYU #CGI #cloud2016/11/18 #GovConIndex advances to post 2nd straight weekly gain. $BA $LLL $RTN $CSRA $ACM $GD #GovCon https://t.co/gnSsfDgXBU2016/11/18 Our publisher @jimgarrettson's take on Fitch Ratings' defense sector outlook in his Weekly Roundup. #GovCon https://t.co/tD5uhMCaZ12016/11/18 Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Mon,  21 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 5.00   0.10 2.04%   1STPRIMFMF 8.70   0.10 1.16%   AAMRATECH 26.60   0.90 3.50%   ABB1STMF 5.00   0.10 2.04%   ABBANK 21.30   1.90 9.79%   ACI   -1.90   ACIFORMULA 161.00   5.00 3.21%   ACMELAB 101.50   -1.60 -1.55%   ACTIVEFINE 39.00   -0.10 -0.26%   AFCAGRO 45.80   0.40 0.88%   AFTABAUTO 55.60   -1.20 -2.11%   AGRANINS 17.50   0.20 1.16%   AIBL1STIMF 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   AL-HAJTEX 95.30   0.40 0.42%   ALARABANK 15.20   0.00 0.00%   ALLTEX 9.90   0.70 7.61%   AMANFEED 69.70   -7.40 -9.60%   AMBEEPHA 442.00   -0.10 -0.02%   AMCL(PRAN) 199.60   0.40 0.20%   ANWARGALV 71.80   -0.70 -0.97%   APEXFOODS 143.20   4.00 2.87%   APEXFOOT 352.50   -7.10 -1.97%   APEXSPINN 120.40   1.10 0.92%   APEXTANRY 127.50   3.00 2.41%   ARAMIT 351.00   2.90 0.83%   ARAMITCEM 31.60   1.40 4.64%   ARGONDENIM 27.40   -0.80 -2.84%   ASIAINS 16.60   0.20 1.22%   ASIAPACINS 16.60   0.30 1.84%   ATCSLGF 10.30   -0.10 -0.96%   ATLASBANG 115.50   3.20 2.85%   AZIZPIPES 62.00   -2.80 -4.32%   BANGAS 134.00   12.10 9.93%   BANKASIA 18.30   0.60 3.39%   BARKAPOWER 27.80   -1.80 -6.08%   BATASHOE 1185.00   8.40 0.71%   BATBC   24.50   BAYLEASING 20.40   0.10 0.49%   BBS   -0.60   BDAUTOCA 64.70   2.60 4.19%   BDCOM   -1.60   BDFINANCE 10.40   0.20 1.96%   BDLAMPS 173.40   3.40 2.00%   BDTHAI 22.10   -0.20 -0.90%   BDWELDING 8.90   -0.10 -1.11%   BEACHHATCH 8.30   -0.10 -1.19%   BENGALWTL 40.50   1.10 2.79%   BERGERPBL 2350.00   -19.30 -0.81%   BEXIMCO 23.40   1.10 4.93%   BGIC   -0.30   BIFC   0.10   BNICL   -0.40   BRACBANK 66.10   0.10 0.15%   BRACSCBOND 1030.00   -10.00 -0.96%   BSC   15.50   BSCCL   1.90   BSRMLTD 141.40   -0.50 -0.35%   BSRMSTEEL 93.30   -1.20 -1.27%   BXPHARMA 82.00   0.20 0.24%   BXSYNTH 5.80   0.00 0.00%   CENTRALINS 16.60   -0.30 -1.78%   CENTRALPHL 13.60   -0.30 -2.16%   CITYBANK 23.50   0.20 0.86%   CITYGENINS 14.50   -0.10 -0.68%   CMCKAMAL 14.80   0.20 1.37%   CNATEX 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   CONTININS 16.80   0.10 0.60%   CVOPRL 193.70   0.40 0.21%   DACCADYE 6.80   0.00 0.00%   DBH   0.50   DBH1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 98.90   -0.90 -0.90%   DELTASPINN 8.60   0.20 2.38%   DESCO   -0.50   DESHBANDHU 8.50   0.10 1.19%   DHAKABANK 16.70   0.40 2.45%   DHAKAINS 21.60   1.10 5.37%   DOREENPWR 108.80   -5.20 -4.56%   DSHGARME 294.50   -57.60 -16.36%   DSSL   1.10   DUTCHBANGL 107.20   -0.80 -0.74%   EASTERNINS 23.60   -0.60 -2.48%   EASTLAND 20.20   -0.40 -1.94%   EASTRNLUB 920.40   13.40 1.48%   EBL   -0.30   EBL1STMF 5.00   0.00 0.00%   EBLNRBMF 4.70   0.00 0.00%   ECABLES 142.60   0.20 0.14%   EHL   -1.00   EMERALDOIL 36.90   3.30 9.82%   ENVOYTEX 36.50   0.10 0.27%   ETL   0.50   EXIM1STMF 6.70   0.10 1.52%   EXIMBANK 10.80   0.10 0.93%   FAMILYTEX 7.90   0.00 0.00%   FARCHEM 21.30   1.70 8.67%   FAREASTFIN 10.10   0.30 3.06%   FAREASTLIF 64.00   0.00 0.00%   FASFIN 11.70   0.20 1.74%   FBFIF   0.00   FEDERALINS 10.20   0.10 0.99%   FEKDIL 22.70   0.40 1.79%   FINEFOODS 19.40   0.10 0.52%   FIRSTFIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   FIRSTSBANK 12.50   0.40 3.31%   FORTUNE 47.30   1.10 2.38%   FUWANGCER 13.80   -0.40 -2.82%   FUWANGFOOD 12.70   0.20 1.60%   GBBPOWER 14.80   0.00 0.00%   GEMINISEA 779.80   -0.10 -0.01%   GENNEXT 6.80   -0.10 -1.45%   GHAIL   -0.10   GHCL   0.90   GLAXOSMITH 1568.10   1.20 0.08%   GLOBALINS 13.00   -0.10 -0.76%   GOLDENSON 16.10   0.70 4.55%   GP   3.70   GQBALLPEN 71.30   1.80 2.59%   GRAMEENS2 10.50   0.10 0.96%   GREENDELMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 46.40   -0.20 -0.43%   GSPFINANCE 20.50   0.20 0.99%   HAKKANIPUL 47.80   4.30 9.89%   HEIDELBCEM 546.50   1.40 0.26%   HFL   0.60   HRTEX   -0.40   HWAWELLTEX 34.50   -1.00 -2.82%   IBBLPBOND 973.50   2.50 0.26%   IBNSINA 213.30   1.40 0.66%   ICB   -0.40   ICB1STNRB 18.80   0.20 1.08%   ICB2NDNRB 7.80   0.00 0.00%   ICB3RDNRB 4.50   0.00 0.00%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.30   0.10 1.92%   ICBEPMF1S1 6.00   0.10 1.69%   ICBIBANK 4.10   0.10 2.50%   ICBSONALI1 6.10   0.10 1.67%   IDLC   0.10   IFADAUTOS 79.30   4.30 5.73%   IFIC   0.30   IFIC1STMF 4.70   -0.10 -2.08%   IFILISLMF1 6.60   -0.10 -1.49%   ILFSL   -0.10   IMAMBUTTON 10.90   0.20 1.87%   INTECH 12.00   0.40 3.45%   IPDC   0.00   ISLAMIBANK 30.20   0.00 0.00%   ISLAMICFIN 15.80   0.20 1.28%   ISLAMIINS 17.10   0.10 0.59%   ITC   1.70   JAMUNABANK 14.70   0.10 0.68%   JAMUNAOIL 191.50   -1.40 -0.73%   JANATAINS 12.40   -0.20 -1.59%   JMISMDL 154.10   -1.70 -1.09%   JUTESPINN 55.90   1.60 2.95%   KARNAPHULI 14.00   -0.30 -2.10%   KAY&QUE 26.60   -1.00 -3.62%   KDSALTD 68.90   3.40 5.19%   KEYACOSMET 10.00   0.00 0.00%   KOHINOOR 459.00   26.80 6.20%   KPCL   1.00   KPPL   0.30   LAFSURCEML 75.00   0.70 0.94%   LANKABAFIN 27.60   0.60 2.22%   LEGACYFOOT 19.20   0.60 3.23%   LIBRAINFU 488.00   0.00 0.00%   LINDEBD 1345.00   8.50 0.64%   LRGLOBMF1 6.70   0.10 1.52%   MAKSONSPIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.10   -0.20 -1.31%   MARICO 1215.00   -2.90 -0.24%   MATINSPINN 37.70   0.50 1.34%   MBL1STMF 6.80   -0.10 -1.45%   MEGCONMILK 6.90   -0.10 -1.43%   MEGHNACEM 93.50   1.00 1.08%   MEGHNALIFE 52.80   -0.20 -0.38%   MEGHNAPET 5.30   0.00 0.00%   MERCANBANK 14.30   0.10 0.70%   MERCINS 13.90   -0.10 -0.71%   MHSML   -0.40   MICEMENT 72.60   -1.70 -2.29%   MIDASFIN 23.50   0.40 1.73%   MIRACLEIND 41.30   3.60 9.55%   MITHUNKNIT 71.60   4.80 7.19%   MJLBD   0.20   MODERNDYE 187.00   2.40 1.30%   MONNOCERA 38.00   1.60 4.40%   MONNOSTAF 587.90   1.30 0.22%   MPETROLEUM 180.90   -0.90 -0.50%   MTB   0.20   NATLIFEINS 177.80   4.10 2.36%   NAVANACNG 55.60   -0.60 -1.07%   NBL   0.10   NCCBANK 10.80   0.10 0.93%   NFML   0.60   NHFIL   -2.80   NITOLINS 21.50   0.00 0.00%   NORTHERN 238.10   19.10 8.72%   NORTHRNINS 18.80   0.10 0.53%   NPOLYMAR 72.50   -12.60 -14.81%   NTC   45.00   NTLTUBES 132.80   6.30 4.98%   OAL   0.30   OLYMPIC 308.00   1.70 0.56%   ONEBANKLTD 15.40   0.40 2.67%   ORIONINFU 58.90   -0.50 -0.84%   ORIONPHARM 40.60   0.40 1.00%   PADMALIFE 23.20   0.30 1.31%   PADMAOIL 187.80   1.50 0.81%   PARAMOUNT 19.50   -0.10 -0.51%   PENINSULA 25.60   1.50 6.22%   PEOPLESINS 16.60   0.00 0.00%   PF1STMF 4.50   -0.10 -2.17%   PHARMAID 249.90   4.20 1.71%   PHENIXINS 22.20   0.00 0.00%   PHOENIXFIN 25.70   1.20 4.90%   PHPMF1 4.40   0.00 0.00%   PIONEERINS 29.30   -0.30 -1.01%   PLFSL   0.10   POPULAR1MF 4.40   0.00 0.00%   POPULARLIF 67.50   0.00 0.00%   POWERGRID 55.60   0.20 0.36%   PRAGATIINS 25.50   -0.20 -0.78%   PRAGATILIF 86.10   -1.70 -1.94%   PREMIERBAN 9.20   0.00 0.00%   PREMIERCEM 83.60   0.00 0.00%   PREMIERLEA 10.00   -0.10 -0.99%   PRIME1ICBA 5.00   -0.10 -1.96%   PRIMEBANK 15.80   0.30 1.94%   PRIMEFIN 8.00   -0.20 -2.44%   PRIMEINSUR 17.40   0.40 2.35%   PRIMELIFE 57.70   -0.10 -0.17%   PRIMETEX 22.80   0.50 2.24%   PROGRESLIF 50.00   0.00 0.00%   PROVATIINS 14.40   -0.10 -0.69%   PTL   0.40   PUBALIBANK 19.90   0.00 0.00%   PURABIGEN 15.60   -0.60 -3.70%   QSMDRYCELL 100.00   0.00 0.00%   RAHIMAFOOD 93.30   8.40 9.89%   RAHIMTEXT 237.50   2.90 1.24%   RAKCERAMIC 61.00   -0.80 -1.29%   RANFOUNDRY 103.80   1.20 1.17%   RDFOOD 15.30   -0.20 -1.29%   REGENTTEX 12.80   -0.10 -0.78%   RELIANCE1 8.00   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 46.00   -0.20 -0.43%   RENATA 1092.10   0.70 0.06%   RENWICKJA 591.10   1.90 0.32%   REPUBLIC 16.40   0.00 0.00%   RNSPIN 17.30   0.00 0.00%   RSRMSTEEL 46.90   -1.00 -2.09%   RUPALIBANK 26.40   -0.40 -1.49%   RUPALIINS 17.30   -0.10 -0.57%   RUPALILIFE 35.50   -1.10 -3.01%   SAFKOSPINN 11.40   0.10 0.88%   SAIFPOWER 48.10   -0.40 -0.82%   SAIHAMCOT 13.70   -1.10 -7.43%   SAIHAMTEX 13.80   -0.10 -0.72%   SALAMCRST 29.90   2.20 7.94%   SALVOCHEM 13.40   0.00 0.00%   SAMATALETH 24.00   0.00 0.00%   SAMORITA 63.80   1.00 1.59%   SANDHANINS 29.70   -0.60 -1.98%   SAPORTL 40.00   0.50 1.27%   SAVAREFR 48.00   0.00 0.00%   SEBL1STMF 11.70   0.00 0.00%   SHAHJABANK 13.90   0.00 0.00%   SHASHADNIM 59.60   -2.10 -3.40%   SHURWID 8.40   0.00 0.00%   SHYAMPSUG 11.30   -0.10 -0.88%   SIBL   0.00   SIMTEX 20.50   0.30 1.49%   SINGERBD 186.00   3.70 2.03%   SINOBANGLA 24.20   0.80 3.42%   SONALIANSH 199.80   6.50 3.36%   SONARBAINS 16.30   1.10 7.24%   SONARGAON 8.60   0.00 0.00%   SOUTHEASTB 17.40   -0.10 -0.57%   SPCERAMICS 8.10   0.00 0.00%   SPCL   0.40   SQUARETEXT 65.90   0.60 0.92%   SQURPHARMA 246.10   -0.50 -0.20%   STANCERAM 53.40   1.40 2.69%   STANDARINS 17.70   0.20 1.14%   STANDBANKL 10.50   0.20 1.94%   STYLECRAFT 1600.00   -12.50 -0.78%   SUMITPOWER 34.50   0.00 0.00%   SUNLIFEINS 17.60   -0.30 -1.68%   TAKAFULINS 18.30   0.00 0.00%   TALLUSPIN 8.40   0.20 2.44%   TITASGAS 46.10   -1.30 -2.74%   TOSRIFA 17.10   -0.40 -2.29%   TRUSTB1MF 4.80   -0.10 -2.04%   TRUSTBANK 23.30   -0.20 -0.85%   TUNGHAI 10.90   0.20 1.87%   UCB   0.20   UNIONCAP 13.00   0.00 0.00%   UNIQUEHRL 40.00   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDAIR 4.60   0.10 2.22%   UNITEDFIN 21.40   0.90 4.39%   UNITEDINS 25.00   -0.20 -0.79%   UPGDCL 142.00   -0.10 -0.07%   USMANIAGL 91.00   -0.80 -0.87%   UTTARABANK 24.00   0.20 0.84%   UTTARAFIN 57.40   -0.90 -1.54%   VAMLBDMF1 8.90   0.00 0.00%   WATACHEM 159.60   -2.20 -1.36%   WMSHIPYARD 24.90   0.10 0.40%   YPL   -0.80   ZAHEENSPIN 15.30   0.20 1.32%   ZAHINTEX 15.50   0.20 1.31%   ZEALBANGLA 16.50   0.50 3.13%   Latest News 'Govt making all efforts to modernise armed forces' Patrol along Myanmar border intensified: Minister Bodi released from Kashimpur Central Jail Merkel to run for fourth term Renewable energy 'not attractive' as business in BD: Nasrul Board finalises draft proposal for wages of soap, cosmetic workers Payoneer puts thrust on simplification of BD's online cross border payment system Dhaka will bid to hold PATA Travel Mart Industry owners meet BEZA chief Govt chalks out various projects for Ctg port development Tapping potential of outsourcing IT TIME - 12:00 am National Patrol along Myanmar border intensified: Minister Economy Bangladesh remittances total $4.25b in July-Oct World Merkel to run for fourth term Stock Key index crosses 4,700-mark PM assures 100pc safe water supply, sanitation TOP NEWS Gold prices fall, silver rise Bangladesh to import only cleaner gasoil from 2017 India crash deaths nearly 100 World leaders take aim at Trump's trade views 'Explain NHRC chair’s appointment' Russian ruble recovering again Bhutan allays BBIN concerns PEC, Ebtedayee examinations begin China pledges more on global trade 2 injured in 'gunfight' with police 'Govt making all efforts to modernise armed forces' November 20, 2016, 11:30 pm Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Sunday greeting members of the armed forces on the occasion of the Armed Forces Day-2016 to be observed on November 21 (Monday). In a message on the eve of the day, she said, the Awami League Read more Bodi released from Kashimpur Central Jail November 20, 2016, 11:09 pm Hours after the Supreme Court upheld a High Court order granting a six-month bail to him, Awami League MP Abdur Rahman Bodi was released from jail on Sunday night in a case filed for concealing information about his wealth. He walked Read more Economy Armenia sees record increase in exports Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan said his country had doubled its exports, including those to countries of the Eurasian Economic Union (EEU), in an interview with Sputnik Armenia On Thursday, reports Xinhua. Sargsyan said it was unfortunate that Armenia's accession to the EEU coincided with the imposing of sanctions against Russia, the main economic driving force the economic bloc. This created hassles for the Armenian economy due to the fact of it being "tied in a thousand ways to the economy of Russia." President Sargsyan, however, insisted his country had made the right choice joining EEU. "We have become a member of a China's economic expansion benefits MENA region: Expert November 19, 2016, 9:09 pm IMF hails Norway's reforms November 19, 2016, 9:04 pm IMF approves $162m loan to Sri Lanka November 19, 2016, 6:39 pm Inclusive approaches needed to achieve SDGs by 2030 November 19, 2016, 7:41 pm France cuts 2016 growth target to 1.4pc November 18, 2016, 8:58 pm Finance Income Tax Week begins Nov 24 The first-ever Income Tax Week will begin in the country on November 24. National Board of Revenue (NBR) will organise the income tax week for the first time to provide taxpayers with all tax related services including filing up of Overvalued taka stirs worries Chinese banks active in UAE to spur regional growth India bonds defy global rout Banks struggling to hit turnover heights Editorial Tapping potential of outsourcing IT A steady growth of the country's information technology (IT) sector Tapping potential of outsourcing IT A steady growth of the country's information technology (IT) sector Op-Ed Views on US election not factual I read with interest the recent article, written by Mr. Views on US election not factual I read with interest the recent article, written by Mr. Poor exit road at HSIA THE Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport (HSIA) is the main gateway Poor exit road at HSIA THE Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport (HSIA) is the main gateway Rural migration THIS is the year when more than half of our Rural migration THIS is the year when more than half of our Stock AB Bank tops DSE transaction chart for 2nd day AB Bank dominated the Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE) transaction chart on Sunday for the two consecutive session while Grameenphone (GP) Bourses see moderate rise for 4th consecutive session Bank tax hampers mobilisation of deposits RBI proposes 'Islamic window' in banks SEBI mulls allowing FPIs to invest in unlisted NCDs Stocks begin week in green Revised CSE30 Index comes into effect today 15 win in DSE brokers polls European shares close lower National Sufia Kamal's death anniv observed The 17th death anniversary of legendary poet, political activist and torchbearer of women’s emancipation Sufia Kamal was observed across the country on Sunday. Different social and cultural organisations chalked out various programmes to observe the day. Sufia Kamal was also instrumental in naming the first women’s dormitory of Dhaka University as Rokeya Hall, after Begum Rokeya, who was her own inspiration. During Bangladesh’s Neo-JMB leader Sarwar's wife gives birth to son in prison PM expresses shock at deaths in Indian train crash HC wants to know initiatives to rescue ‘abducted’ doctor District council election on December 28 Govt for cut in transport fares Ivy collects nomination form Neo-JMB chief’s wife gives birth to baby boy Khaleda cuts 52-pound cakes on Tarique’s birthday Trade and Market Renewable energy 'not attractive' as business in BD: Nasrul State Minister for Power, Energy and Mineral Resources Nasrul Hamid on Sunday said that promoting renewable energy as business is “difficult” in Bangladesh due to resource constraints and land shortage. Despite that, he said, the government had set a target of obtaining 10 per cent of power from renewable sources by 2020. “You cannot compare us with Denmark or other developed countries. Board finalises draft proposal for wages of soap, cosmetic workers Payoneer puts thrust on simplification of BD's online cross border payment system Industry owners meet BEZA chief Bangladesh exploring markets for rice export: Quamrul Poland still has scope to use rates to impact economy: Minister Nokia to re-enter smartphone business in 2017 US House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran Greece approves permit for Eldorado's Skouries gold mine World Death toll rises to 120 In India rain crash Death toll rose to 120 (till last count) and more than 200 are injured in the rail crash on early French minister calls for renewed Syria talks Peace treaty with Russia coming into sight: Japan PM Death toll from India train crash passes 100 Sci-tech Grand finale of 'Blueprints 2.0' Tuesday The stage is set for the final round of ‘Blueprints 2.0’ – a financial modeling competition. The NSU Finance Club, the Zuckerberg to combat fake news on Facebook Facebook clears $6b stock buyback SpaceX aims to launch internet from space Education Fewer candidates taking PEC, Ebtedayee tests this yr The Primary Education Completion (PEC) and Ebtedayee examinations 2016 began on Sunday in different exam centres across the country and UGC declares certificates by 18 private universities illegal   AMAL, dedicated healthcare service for underprivileged children SSC, equivalent exams begin Feb 2 Sports Brothers earn win over Arambagh CHITTAGONG, Nov 20 (UNB): Brothers Union Club toppled Arambagh KS beating them by 2-1 goals in the JB Bangladesh Premier BD to play Chinese Taipei in Asian Hockey today Progati Sangha share points with Youngmen's Club NZ pulverise Pakistan in 1st Test Health ‘Physicians need to attain people’s confidence’ Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Saturday urged the physicians to gain people’s confidence besides providing good medical service so that Zika emergency over: WHO Japan sets 50pc price cut for cancer drug Awareness the main catalyst to control growth of diabetes Entertainment Wedding solutions under one roof at bridal fest The three-day Wedding and Portrait Photographers of Bangladesh (WPPB) Bridal Festival was held at Gulshan Shooting Club in Dhaka on Versatile talks, performances rule day 2 of DLF Marc Anthony and Shannon De Lima Separate  Mallika Sherawat punched, tear gassed in Paris Politics JP to skip district council polls: Ershad Jatiya Party chairman HM Ershad has said that his party will not take part in district councils polls scheduled for Khaleda cuts 52-pound cakes on Tarique’s birthday BNP 'asks' Taimur to get ready for contesting NCC polls Quader urges AL followers to get united Country Authority cancels 60,356 cards, 13 dealerships in Rangpur div RANGPUR, Nov 20: A total of 60,356 cards and 13 dealerships have been cancelled so far owing to allegation of irregularities and embezzlement in distributing rice meant for selling at Tk 10 per kg to ultra-poor rural people in eight districts of Rangpur Division, divisional food office sources said. Cases have also been filed against six dealers. Fines of Tk 1,01,925 have been  collected, sources also said. Of the total, 7,519 cards of Rangpur district, 15,282 of Gaibandha, 5,643 of Kurigram, 2,494 ... Labour shortage disrupts T-Aman harvest in Bogra Chilli cultivators express dismay over market prices in Magura Speakers focus on raising crop intensity in Sylhet region PHOTO GALLERY Primary Education Completion (PEC) and Ebtedayee terminal examinations for fifth graders began today (Sunday) across the country. – Focus Bangla Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina releases a commemorative stamp after inaugurating the golden jubilee celebrations of Chittagong University on its central playground through a videoconference from Ganabhbaban on Saturday. –Focus Bangla Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina addresses the inaugural ceremony of the 26th Annual Conference of Association of Thoracic & Cardiovascular Surgeons of Asia (ATCSA) at Hotel Radisson Blu in Dhaka on Saturday. –Focus Bangla Photo Industries Minister Amir Hossain Amu showing the GI (Geographical Indication) certificate, registered for Jamdani before handing it over to Bangladesh Small and Cottage Industries Corporation (BSCIC) Chairman Mustaq Hassan Md Iftekhar at the conference room of the ministry on Thursday. – PID photo Two foreigners along with a Bangladeshi literature buff going through a book at a stall at Bangla Academy premises on Thursday – the first day of the 3-day Dhaka LiT Fest. – FE photo more news Payoneer puts thrust on simplification of BD's online cross border payment system November 20, 2016, 9:49 pm Industry owners meet BEZA chief November 20, 2016, 9:48 pm Bangladesh exploring markets for rice export: Quamrul November 20, 2016, 9:46 pm Nokia to re-enter smartphone business in 2017 November 20, 2016, 9:44 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 125 ISSUES DECLINED 92 Most popular India crash deaths nearly 100 November 20, 2016, 9:43 am Bangladesh remittances total $4.25b in July-Oct November 20, 2016, 4:43 pm Trump meets former rival Romney November 20, 2016, 9:51 am Three posing as DB men arrested November 20, 2016, 9:41 am Sufia Kamals death anniv today November 20, 2016, 9:37 am 'Explain NHRC chairs appointment' November 20, 2016, 2:37 pm Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG HAKKANIPUL 43.50 47.80 43.90 47.80 9.89 EMERALDOIL 33.60 36.90 34.00 36.90 9.82 MIRACLEIND 37.70 41.40 38.00 41.40 9.81 DSSL 11.30 12.40 11.70 12.40 9.74 ABBANK 19.40 21.30 19.50 21.20 9.28 NORTHERN 219.00 238.10 224.00 238.10 8.72 FARCHEM 19.60 21.50 19.60 21.30 8.67 SALAMCRST 27.70 30.00 27.60 29.80 7.58 MITHUNKNIT 66.80 71.90 67.50 71.70 7.34 NTC 601.00 646.00 606.30 642.10 6.84 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation ABBANK 19.50 21.30 19.50 21.30 9.23 MIRACLEIND 38.00 41.40 38.00 41.30 8.68 EMERALDOIL 34.00 36.90 34.00 36.90 8.53 DSHGARME 272.00 294.50 269.00 294.50 8.27 FARCHEM 19.70 21.50 19.60 21.30 8.12 SONARBAINS 15.10 16.30 15.10 16.30 7.95 HAKKANIPUL 44.40 47.80 43.90 47.80 7.66 SALAMCRST 27.80 30.00 27.60 29.90 7.55 IFADAUTOS 74.50 79.30 72.70 79.30 6.44 NORTHERN 224.00 238.10 224.00 238.10 6.30 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG DSHGARME 352.10 294.50 269.00 294.50 -16.36 NPOLYMAR 85.10 76.00 71.80 72.40 -14.92 AMANFEED 77.10 72.00 69.70 70.30 -8.82 SAIHAMCOT 14.80 14.00 13.50 13.70 -7.43 BDCOM 24.90 23.50 23.10 23.30 -6.43 BARKAPOWER 29.60 28.50 27.50 27.90 -5.74 NHFIL 54.50 54.50 51.60 52.20 -4.22 DOREENPWR 114.00 114.50 108.60 109.20 -4.21 AZIZPIPES 64.80 64.00 60.40 62.30 -3.86 KAY&QUE 27.60 27.50 26.10 26.60 -3.62 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation NHFIL 54.50 54.50 51.60 51.70 -5.14 SHASHADNIM 62.80 62.90 59.00 59.60 -5.10 NPOLYMAR 76.00 76.00 71.80 72.50 -4.61 DOREENPWR 113.70 114.50 108.60 108.80 -4.31 PURABIGEN 16.30 16.30 15.50 15.60 -4.30 RUPALILIFE 37.00 37.10 35.40 35.50 -4.05 MHSML 15.20 15.40 14.40 14.60 -3.95 ARGONDENIM 28.40 28.40 27.30 27.40 -3.52 TOSRIFA 17.70 17.70 17.10 17.10 -3.39 KAY&QUE 27.50 27.50 26.10 26.60 -3.27 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports My Life Go Play - Entertainment Food & Drink Opinion Blogs PODCASTS Obituaries Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Sports My Life Go Play - Entertainment Food & Drink Opinion Blogs PODCASTS Obituaries Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Alabama gains jobs as Boeing makes changes Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs and close two facilities by the end of 2020 in an effort to make its Defense, Space & Security business more efficient, the company said Tuesday. Post to Facebook Alabama gains jobs as Boeing makes changes Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs and close two facilities by the end of 2020 in an effort to make its Defense, Space & Security business more efficient, the company said Tuesday.  Check out this story on montgomeryadvertiser.com: http://on.mgmadv.com/2fYDGos {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Alabama gains jobs as Boeing makes changes Jim Salter, Associated Press 8:26 a.m. CST November 16, 2016 400 jobs coming to Huntsville The Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs, and close two facilities by the end of 2020 as part of an effort to operate its Defense, Space & Security business more efficiently. (Photo: Jeff Gritchen, AP) Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs and close two facilities by the end of 2020 in an effort to make its Defense, Space & Security business more efficient, the company said Tuesday. About 1,600 positions currently in Huntington Beach, California, will move to plants in three other Southern California locations -- El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach. About 500 positions will move to St. Louis County in Missouri, and 400 will shift to Huntsville. Chicago-based Boeing will close a plant that employs 290 people in in El Paso, Texas, and another that employs 70 people in Newington, Va. The company said the moves will reduce facility space by about 4.5 million square feet. The Huntington Beach plant will remain open. Boeing spokesman Ken Smith declined to say how many workers will remain there. The company will move an unspecified number of jobs from Kent, Washington, to Tukwila, Washington. The two towns are just 16 miles apart. "In order to push ourselves farther and win more business, we need to make the most of our resources and talent," Leanne Caret, president and CEO of Boeing Defense, Space & Security, said in a statement. "These steps will help us be a stronger partner for our customers worldwide." The company said it also will align Boeing Defence Australia, Boeing Defense Saudi Arabia, and Boeing Defence United Kingdom into a new global operations group, led by David Pitchforth, managing director of Boeing Defence U.K. Read or Share this story: http://on.mgmadv.com/2fYDGos TOP VIDEOS Harrison making big hits, taking leadership role 1:18 Saban gives stern halftime speech in Chattanooga game 2:08 Harris: Tide not mentally read to play 1:27 Saban sits ArDarius Stewart for Chattanooga game 1:36 Saban unhappy with Tide effort in 31-3 win over FCS Chattanooga 9:42 Alabama Shakespeare Festival holds annual tree lighting 0:46 Duane Rankin's keys to the Alabama - UT Chattanooga game 1:06 Take a spin around the set of A Christmas Carol at ASF 1:01 Season changes 3:55 VIDEO: Troy's Neal Brown after loss to Arkansas State 0:45
Breaking News × PressTV Schedule Watch Live   News Middle East Asia-Pacific Africa Europe Americas Society Arts Business Sports Iran Politics Economy Energy Nuclear Energy Culture Defence US UK Videos Programs A Simple Question Hollywood Cut The Monarchy Face to Face Iran Africa Today Iran Today Press Plus Economic Divide Comment Islamic Awakening Sun Will Rise Coffee in Palestine On The News Line The Debate Food for Thought Islam and Life British and ... PetroTalk Infogram Docs فارسی French فارسی French US wrapping up sale of 104 warplanes to Qatar, Kuwait Fri Nov 18, 2016 10:48PM Home US Military A US Air Force F-15 Strike Eagle fighter jet (file photo) The US State Department has authorized the sale of 104 F-15 Strike Eagle and F/A-18 warplanes to Qatar and Kuwait, a move that Washington says is aimed at bolstering foreign policy interests. With an estimated cost of $21.1 billion, the deal with Qatar would include 72 F-15s together with “weapons and related support, equipment, and training,” said the US Defense Security Cooperation Agency in a statement. “This proposed sale enhances the foreign policy and national security of the United State by helping to improve the security of a friendly country and strengthening our strategically important relationship,” the agency added. American officials claim that the sale of the multi-role fighters would not affect the military balance of the Middle East, which is already struggling with years-long foreign-backed militancy and Western intervention. Additionally, America’s “defense readiness” would not take a hit from the deal, the statement further noted. The deal would benefit American aerospace giant Boeing the most, but other companies like Lockheed Martin and Britain's BAE Systems would benefit too. If Congress approves the deal, Boeing would be allowed to extend the aircraft’s production line. The company had earlier warned that it was going to shut down both production lines by the end of this decade due to excessive costs and inadequate demand. Saudi Arabia and Israel are two other regional customers for the twin-engine aircraft. The State Department has also authorized a deal with Kuwait, another Arab state in the Persian Gulf region, which had put an offer for 32 F/A-18 Hornet fighter jets worth $10.1 billion. An F/A-18 fighter jet on an aircraft carrier (file photo) Each F/A-18 Hornet, and its upgraded version, the F/A-18 Super Hornet, costs at least $57 million, making it "the most cost-effective aircraft" in the US aviation fleet, costing less per flight hour than any other in the US forces inventory, the Navy says. The massive deals came as Middle Eastern nations had been experiencing budget pressure due to the plummeting oil prices. A number of US senators have been building up pressure on the administration of President Barack Obama to approve the deals, although some government officials had initially opposed them, saying they would risk Israel’s security. Loading ... Loading ...   News Iran Middle East US UK Asia-Pacific Africa Europe Americas Society Arts Business Sports Video News Bulletin Reports Interviews TV Watch Live Schedule Shows Documentaries PressTV About PressTV Frequencies Privacy Policy Contact Info SMS Subscribe PressTV © Copyright 2016 PressTV. All rights reserved. Top
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live Look at the Capitol Building in Washington D.C. RADAR: Winter Storm Moves East Live Look at the Stargazer Alpaca Ranch Live Look at the Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, Mass. From Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video Power of Women: Life in the Spotlight More ABC News' Sabina Ghebremedhin speaks with Natasha Gregson Wagner, the daughter of actress Natalie Wood, about her mother and life in Hollywood. 11:52 | 11/18/16 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Power of Women: Life in the Spotlight Hi it's been now with ABC news I'm back with the power women Ceres with awesome women doing awesome thing. And I'm he air with Natasha Gregson Wagner. That one and only Natalie wood's daughter. And I'm so happy that you invited me to see you at your beautiful house looks. Last time we met you had just launched Natalie a fragrance. Honored in honor of your mom and sell. Just tell me where you are now you have actually now continue Ed and because you know an entrepreneur. It's very big east from the spring to now I have never been so busy in my whole life. We had such an amazing response to the fragrance and people were so excited about it. That we decided to work on it can't all. Am I Hearst's role on I change the packaging to make it a little more. I'm specific to my mom and the gold of her name and the guard Kenya. And then coincidentally her the book that I had been working on admin Alan Bowman came out in October. So and working on new fragrance effort twine the seventeen. You had some never before seen as a mountain cracked. Yes so we have this gigantic storage room. That's been sitting there for sort of thirty years and we haven't. Spent a lot of time going through it and them. When Manila Boeing bombing came to my dad and my apps talk about the Spock. I took him into the storage for him and he couldn't leave how how many photographs were there. And it was helpful to have somebody that wasn't as close to it. You look through everything. And then we decided together which as we showed to the public because there are so many every time and our family. And I think that her fans really want to see another side of this now lifestyle brand that you had lunged from the refused to them opt to pick candles. On Spain. You're preserving the memories of your Hmong. And Tammy if you own and I got NA can make me emotional just talking about it because. My memories of her are still. They're so indelibly ingrained incited me and when I talk to people and people talk to me about how much they loved her. It's almost like she's. And added one other thing that we did is we worked with Macy's on an exclusive get sat that's available. He's nine and act at 34 street store and here in Culver City. Am and this is Ian my mom is in two movies that took place in me sees Mair caught on forestry. And let with the proper strangers so. This isn't really important this was a real labor of let me took me. Pain when we. Had just that one perfume and honor your mom. To keep them and knowledge that you have. This whole lifestyle and ready to go today I mean incredible I love that question and answer the truthful answer is no I just thought. I'm either gonna have a lot of perfume to get to my friends. Eyes at all our people again and rediscover my mom. Which is what happened and they. I'm leave brat and left to create beautiful things and have a beautiful environments so. Creating fragrance and packaging it feels like it's coming really actually. You aren't act stress the night entrepreneur and business element. And what. Advice can you did two other women or other people out there if they want to start their own brands like you. OK so I think my advice would be to feel really secure and confident about what it is that you're creating. So that you do all the work before you take it out into the public to make sure that. That what it is is solid and fat ass and they hear a 100% behind. And then. You'd just start to move forward with. For me everything just started all the right people were filing into place as I would move forward with it and I felt like the universe I mean my mom as kind of pushing me. Forward with its so I would say that you need to believe in doing so much. Even if somebody says now like yes you know and that's me. A mom legendary actor. What's some of the child. Easily think obviously Natalie is when it Kenya. That you think when you actually eat it. Well so. I I think a lot about holidays when I think of my mom because my mom didn't get to have. I really fulfilling a childhood because she was always adamant east and so one of her things that was so important what was so important to her was to give. My sister and I really. Rich child head with lots of memories and sell anytime there is a holiday she totally celebrated its health and so. Now we're having on Thanksgiving and Christmas and I was just looking through all these amazing Christmas photographs that were imposed on our honor Og. And I just remember her in the add them and her love her family. And holiday and she was still beautiful and just went to show the coffee table book that you ever before seen photos. End some of the view on all new look. Favorites art that is the family album in the back because my my dad was constantly taking pictures we were growing app and so there's some really really areas lions. He really get a sense at. Who she well as what relentless like that my Wagner. How she was a month there what kind of reference he wets out that that's my favorite part of the but there's also a piece that she wrote for ladies' home journal in 1966 that was never published. And it's really interesting there's many she's sounding the kind of think she was like. Still ahead of her time as a feminist because she had to fight so hard in the studio system. To be treated equal to a lot of them then and to not be pushed around and she was it and if she was alive today she waited. I would say you were when he of the very first. Found. Hair you're very. What are some of the memories. Something about Natalie Wood that we all should know about that may be someone doesn't. I'll pay. Was she was not America. Matty that you know I give up there. She is not very good singer. Guy she really loved to seeing and we later allowed again she was really. She left to play games with her children so we alleys. It's not frightened him right hand. And I have a record a victory of a singing I am. Courtney and mine and I and I listened to me its Q because she's just as childlike as we ER. In accord. Ending may be because she was too beauty eighty people realize that she had this child light. In easy ads and joy that. Or me. She was such a dam Ian to glom. Write such a family oriented woman I mean that's what you'll see a lot and ease ease them photos is just all the staff pleaded. One year we read to an RV and Ichiro. Aren't we. My sister my dad and art dot potatoes. Cano. And we where. Having so much by and that we got back into the RV and we are halfway home and realized we had forgotten potatoes. It got it though and it high and it ain't cap. And potatoes of the okay. Okay he came home he was not match as he. But I'm. But that was when it. And that app that. About that there are a lot of funny things. Implored next year and what are your plans for learn your lifestyle brand. And I talked about the curfew. What other things that you may be next semester organ work I. Putting out and body cream acts now and we're doing something very special and exclusive her Mother's Day. And then I'll sell am I have this news rose fragrance that will be. Christmas time at 2017. That is very much homage to her Rahm. Gypsy. She seamlessly. Back and then you know ancillary products related to act and my. Sister Courtney really wants to work. Like charcoal it's because she eyes are something that's. So we're starting to think about that how can do it. Natalie. That family business now. It. If this evening movies IBM that EU. Stop lots and you want it's OK well that's a great question because this month of November my mom is start them on Turner Classic Movies and my dad and I introduced twelve of her films. So I watched twelve of them in October. And the ones that stand out for me at this moment. Is as. Depending on different phases and that in my life differently these matters as a right now. Tomorrow is forever because she was just so adorable little German accent an. She's acting opposite Orson Welles this was first found she's just incredible I was blown way. And she does become the green promised where she. Had to work with these baby I am my mom. And they couldn't find any black. I am so eat them. In between every day she I'll. Clean up our hands she was a profession all. I'm changed and then you know. Gypsy West Side Story as it is. Watched those fracture but the way I acted. Most recently is with the proper stranger. ST it's just it's so topical its weight issue is all. What they're dealing with you can imagine he began. Their performances are. That one of the Hillary each should be watching for Christmas. Is there another one for Christmas box. When he ran for Christmas called Mir on 34 street and. Now for humans ever heard about it but it does the most theme as the line it doubling puts you in the holiday spear. I'll be watching that one I sat and tonight. And Splendor in the Grass web sites story of with the proper stranger behind turner classic east Easter. Where's. If you're just tuning end where here with the power when in Ceres where with the legendary actress Natalie wood's daughter. It's hush Hendrickson Wagner has the comment. Dear friend and sell honored that your hair if we eat anything of that man left out that you want to tell us about. I just tell you that I love what you're doing would be at this power of women I think it's so great and I completely honored to be part of it and thank you for your support. Good luck with everything we love a powerful woman Friday about. If you're tuning and apparel and in theory is often women doing awesome thinks I'm Sidney now. In van. ABC news. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Hollywood Mystery: Natalie Wood New details in the mystery surrounding the Natalie Wood drowning case. Now Playing: Hollywood Mystery: Natalie Wood Now Playing: Natasha Gregson Wagner Remembers Her Mom, Actress Natalie Wood Now Playing: American Music Awards Preview Now Playing: Mariah Carey's New Album Channels Pain From Recent Breakup Now Playing: Actress Emilia Clarke to Join Donald Glover in New Han Solo Spinoff Movie Now Playing: 'GMA' Hot List: Robert Wagner and Teacher's 'Fight Song' Serenade Now Playing: Fantasy Forecast: Week 11 Now Playing: Power of Women: Life in the Spotlight Now Playing: President-elect Trump to Settle Trump University Lawsuit Now Playing: Kanye West Goes on Political Rant During Concert, Says 'I Would Have Voted on Trump' Now Playing: Marilyn Monroe's 'Happy Birthday Mr. President' Dress Sold for $4.8 Million Now Playing: Mickey Mouse Celebrates His Birthday Live in Times Square Now Playing: New York Children's Choir Sing-Along Now Playing: 'GMA' Pawdoption: Spotlighting Senior Dogs Now Playing: 'How to Get Away With Murder' Cast Member Joins 'GMA' Live in Times Square Now Playing: Robert Wagner Dishes on Leading Ladies in New Memoir Now Playing: Josh Groban on His Broadway Debut in 'Great Comet,' and Performing With Immersive Audience Now Playing: Josh Groban Sings Rousing Rendition of Charlie Chaplain's 'Smile' Now Playing: Kaley Cuoco Admits to Plastic Surgery Now Playing: Barbra Streisand Talks Finding Love and Stage Fright Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":43640005,"title":"Power of Women: Life in the Spotlight","duration":"11:52","description":"ABC News' Sabina Ghebremedhin speaks with Natasha Gregson Wagner, the daughter of actress Natalie Wood, about her mother and life in Hollywood.","url":"/Entertainment/video/power-women-life-spotlight-43640005","section":"Entertainment","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
NorthwestMilitary.com Menu Home News Military Life Vets Restaurants Music & Culture Travel Guides PROMO View Full Site Back to News New book on World War II shares first-hand accounts Twelve Washington residents share their memories of WWII By Gail Wood on November 18, 2016 This is their story, their chilling, first-hand experiences of fighting in World War II. In a page-turning account, from a paratrooper, a fighter pilot, an engineer and a man with Japanese parents who enlisted in the Army, these local residents reflect on their days during a war that saved the world from tyranny. Twelve people, all residents of the state of Washington, talk about their memories in a new book, Washington Remembers WWII. Each of them share their experience in WWII, giving a detailed, first-hand account of a troubling time in America's history. Joe Moser talks about being held prisoner by the Germans after bailing out of a crashing Lockheed P-38 Lightning, which was the fastest twin-engine fighter of its time. He survived eight months in the hellish Buchenwald concentration camp. He was set free just days before his rumored execution. Fred Shiosaki talks about how he was working on his homework and listening to the radio in his Spokane home. Suddenly, an alarming announcement was made over the radio. It was Dec. 7, 1941. The Japanese had attacked Pearl Harbor. Shiosaki enlisted and joined the storied 442nd Regimental Combat Team, one of the most decorated units in U.S. Army history. Regina Tollfeldt of Olympia did what she could by working in a Boeing factory, helping build bombers and fighter planes. As one of the last surviving of the famous "Rosie the Riveters," Tollfeldt worked eight hours a day, seven days a week. Arnold Samuels talks of how his family escaped the Nazis in 1937 and how he returned as an Army GI, helping liberate those imprisoned at the concentration camp at Dachau. After the war, Samuels served with the Counter Intelligence Corps and searched for military criminals. During this time, Samuels worked with a 22-year-old sergeant named Henry Kissinger, who later became the U.S. secretary of state under presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford and received the Nobel Peace Prize. Bob Hart reflects on his decision to volunteer as a paratrooper in 1943, saying he made that decision because he thought he wouldn't have to walk as far. On his first jump in combat, Hart broke his foot and was forced to walk 50 miles in southern France. Hart talks about his involvement in the Battle of the Bulge and how his outfit helped stop Adolph Hitler's desperate bid to counter the ally attack. Robert Graham, who lives in Olympia and was a seven-term state auditor, was a flight engineer on cargo planes during WWII. The C-54s in his squadron carried everything from C-rations to atomic bomb parts. On return flights from the South Pacific, Graham talks about how the planes were filled with wounded men. "Our motto was we always delivered the goods," Graham said. Last year in celebration of the 70th anniversary of the end of WWII, an exhibit at the Karshner Museum in Puyallup opened. The exhibit, the "Veterans Night at the Museum," is open from 4 p.m. to 7 p.m. until February. For more about the book Washington Remembers WWII, go to www.sos.wa.gov/legacy/washington-remembers.  Read next close Military Life For the love of Jeeps at JBLM SPC. SARAH ANWAR/304th Public Affairs Detachment on November 18th, 2016 More Across Northwest Military The Puget Sound Military Market The military personnel at Joint Base Lewis-McChord and Naval Base Kitsap make up the LARGEST... Fall Guide 2016 Not sure what to do this fall? Check out our Fall Guide for ideas for you and the entire... Online guides for 2016 Browse through our interactive guides here 2016 Best of Tacoma The readers have spoken.  Once again, followers of the Weekly Volcano voted theri favorite... SPOUSE magazine - November 2016 SPOUSE magazine is a free, online magazine that addresses the unique needs and interests of... Content © Copyright 2016 - Northwest Military. All Rights Reserved.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Science Space NASA NASA is looking for ideas that could make its Mars vehicles more affordable The space agency wants some input by Loren Grush@lorengrush Nov 18, 2016, 12:39pm EST share tweet Linkedin A rendering of the Space Launch System. NASA NASA is asking the private space industry how to make its future Mars vehicles more affordable. The agency released a Request for Information Thursday afternoon, looking for ideas that could maximize the “long term efficiency and sustainability” of its Exploration Systems Development (ESD) programs. Those include NASA’s next big rocket, the Space Launch System (SLS), and the Orion crew capsule — the vehicle that’s supposed to take astronauts into deep space and on to the Red Planet someday. For now, Boeing is the primary contractor for the SLS, and Orion is being built by Lockheed Martin, with NASA overseeing production of both systems. But this year alone, NASA was given more the $3 billion to fund the projects, a sizable chunk of its $19.3 billion budget. And that’s a lot for a rocket and crew system that’s only supposed to fly once a year. In the RFI, NASA lays out all the missions it expects to do with the SLS and Orion between now and 2030, showing just one flight annually starting in 2023. For comparison, NASA says the average cost of launching the Space Shuttle was $450 million. Ideas that could maximize “long term efficiency and sustainability” Now it seems the agency is looking for ways to reduce the amount of money it needs to sustain SLS and Orion, perhaps through workflow and management changes or different ways of acquiring materials. But as Ars Technica points out, NASA may not just be looking for ways to cut production costs. There is some phrasing in the RFI that suggests NASA is open to cheaper alternative hardware, too. The document calls for “competing exploration services in the mid-2020s timeframe and beyond,” which could indicate that the agency is willing to hear ideas for vehicles that could replace both the SLS and Orion. For instance, heavy-lift vehicles being developed by the private sector, such as SpaceX’s soon-to-be launched Falcon Heavy or Blue Origin’s future New Glenn rocket, could prove to be adequate substitutes for the SLS at much lower costs. It makes sense that NASA is looking to cut spending right now, especially since it’s about to go through an administration change. The agency will get entirely new leadership, and it looks like it’ll be getting a new direction too — one that isn’t exactly keen on big spending and redundancies. Former congressman Bob Walker, who wrote President-elect Donald Trump’s proposed space policy during the campaign, told The Verge that the focus of NASA’s leadership under the new administration should be to “make sure our spending of space assets is being done efficiently and we’re not duplicating efforts unnecessarily.” Walker, however, will not be involved with the NASA transition team, he confirmed to The Verge. Next Up In Science Watch the launch of the GOES-R satellite that will revolutionize weather forecasting This smart device sniffed my morning breath to check for gum disease Transgender veterans will not be covered for gender confirmation surgeries, VA says Researchers send text message using chemicals One patient’s blood might hold a new weapon against HIV A bleak-looking sea ice graph has Twitter in a frenzy Now Trending Black Friday 2016: All the best deals in one place Sand's End MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This Article has a component height of 6. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest How to be human: everyone feels this insecure... right? by Leah Reich Leah Reich was one of the first internet advice columnists. Her column "Ask Leah" ran on IGN, where she gave advice to gamers for two and a half years. During the day, Leah is Slack’s user researcher, but her views here do not represent her... TL;DR Web Culture Home videos of 1990s Japan are the YouTube equivalent of a warm blanket by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom In 1990, Tokyo resident Lyle Hiroshi Saxon began filming video of his life. Most of his videos, which he’s graciously put on YouTube, are simple walking shots of train stations or city streets. You’ll get a few seconds of a group of businessmen,... TL;DR Gaming Watch This Pokémon’s emphasis on collaboration turned it into a global community by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak When Pokémon Go hit smartphones this summer, it was an unprecedented hit. It broke records in app stores, caused floods of people to converge in public parks, and might even become a movie. The game was an impressive demonstration of the... New, 0 comments Watch This Entertainment Essay Arrival’s director also made Enemy, a movie that argues history will repeat itself by Kaitlyn Tiffany French-Canadian director Denis Villeneuve premiered his first two English-language films in 2013. One was the blockbuster psychological thriller Prisoners. The lesser-known, Enemy, is a moody, enthralling nightmare of a movie that seems to be... New, 1 comment Transportation Cars GM Chevy’s Bolt EV to have limited availability in 2016, with wider rollout next spring by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak General Motors had long been planning to release its all-electric Chevy Bolt before the end of 2016 — and it will, but only in California and Oregon. Wider availability — basically the rest of the country — will need to wait until 2017 says The... New, 9 comments Tech Transportation Cars BMW reportedly ends its self-driving car partnership with Chinese tech giant Baidu by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Splittsville Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Stocks to Keep You Invested After Retirement Find out which companies can give you the best combination of income and growth potential. Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Nov 18, 2016 at 10:52AM Many retirees think that they should sell off their stock portfolios after they retire. It's true that the shorter time horizon that most retirees adopt in their investing calls for more conservative asset allocations, but especially in today's low-rate environment, retirees can't count on fixed-income assets like bonds to produce enough income to get by. That's why dividend stocks have gotten so popular, and it's why turning to stocks like PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP), Altria Group (NYSE:MO), and Boeing (NYSE:BA) can be a great way for retirees to stay invested in dependable stocks with reliable income payouts. Below, we'll take a closer look at these three stocks to show how they could keep you invested after retirement. Image source: Getty Images. PepsiCo serves up strong growth From an income investor's perspective, PepsiCo has been a great stock over the long run. The maker of soft drinks and the company behind the Frito-Lay snack brand currently has a 3% dividend yield, and it has given investors dividend increases in each of the past 44 years. Moreover, that dividend growth has been substantial, with its most recent boost coming in June and adding 7% to its previous payout. Dividends have played a vital role in serving up average annual returns of nearly 14% over the past 30 years. Looking forward, some have been concerned about PepsiCo's exposure to the carbonated sugary soft drink market, which has come under fire for potentially causing health problems. Yet even though its namesake beverage has faced challenges, PepsiCo more broadly has embraced the move toward healthier food offerings. By branching out and offering other beverages as well as innovative snack offerings to appeal to food-conscious consumers, PepsiCo has stayed ahead of the curve and has good prospects to add to its past successes with future growth. Altria keeps smoking Consumer stocks are often appealing to income investors, and Altria arguably has the best past performance of any dividend stock in the market. The company has given investors average annual returns of nearly 20% over the past 45 years, and the stock currently pays a yield of almost 4%. Altria isn't recognized among the prestigious list of Dividend Aristocrat stocks because of various spinoffs during its corporate history, but when you adjust for those corporate events, the tobacco giant has rewarded investors with higher dividends for 47 straight years. Many investors fear that long-term secular trends against smoking will eventually be the death knell for Altria's primary business. Yet Altria has fought successfully against those trends for decades. Moreover, its efforts to move forward with reduced-risk product development have been encouraging, and the movement toward alternatives like electronic cigarettes and heat-not-burn technology looks like a potential growth avenue in the future. Add in the company's nearly 10% stake in beer giant Anheuser-Busch InBev, and Altria looks like it's poised to keep defying skeptics. Boeing flies higher The aerospace industry has been extremely strong in recent years, and Boeing has been one of the primary beneficiaries of demand for aircraft. The airplane manufacturer has seen massive orders for both its newest models and its updated versions of tried-and-true aircraft, and that has produced impressive backlogs that show no signs of slowing down anytime soon. It's true that airlines have started to see some deterioration in key revenue metrics, and the big decline in fuel prices boosted profits in what's likely to be a one-time way. However, Boeing now has the prospects of higher defense-related spending bolstering the military side of its aerospace business. For income investors, Boeing has been aggressive in boosting its dividend in recent years. It doesn't have the long-term history that Altria and PepsiCo do, but the company has more than doubled its quarterly payout in just the past three years, including a 20% boost at the beginning of 2016. With a 3% yield and a payout ratio of just over 60%, Boeing's growth could continue to reward investors of all ages. Dividend stocks can be a good solution for retirees looking to stay invested in retirement and get the income they need. Take a closer look at Boeing, Altria, and PepsiCo as promising stocks that could fit the bill for your portfolio. Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends PepsiCo. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Dan Caplinger has been a contract writer for the Motley Fool since 2006. As the Fool's Director of Investment Planning, Dan oversees much of the personal-finance and investment-planning content published daily on Fool.com. With a background as an estate-planning attorney and independent financial consultant, Dan's articles are based on more than 20 years of experience from all angles of the financial world. Follow @DanCaplinger Article Info Nov 18, 2016 at 10:52AM Consumer Goods Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $146.35 up $1.02 (0.70%) Altria Group NYSE:MO $62.77 down $0.04 (-0.06%) PepsiCo NYSE:PEP $101.31 down $0.31 (-0.31%) Read More 9 Indra Nooyi Quotes on Leadership, Diversity, and Business That Will Make You a Better Investor Crystal Pepsi Hopes to Save PepsiCo -- and Coca-Cola Should You Buy PepsiCo, Coca-Cola, or Monster Beverage? 3 Things You Need to Know The 3 Best Dividend Stocks for Beginning Investors If I Could Only Buy 1 Consumer-Goods Stock, I'd Buy This Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Trumponomics Trump's tough talk on China risks impacting agriculture and food trade Jeff Daniels | @jeffdanielsca Friday, 18 Nov 2016 | 11:48 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES STR | AFP | Getty Images President-elect Donald Trump's tough talk about China's trade policies during the campaign has rankled the communist nation and now raises the possibility of a backlash to the U.S. agricultural industry. Candidate Trump called China a "currency manipulator" and threatened to put into place 45 percent tariffs on Chinese imports. He also threatened trade with Mexico, including getting rid of the North American Free Trade Agreement, or NAFTA deal, which would have serious implications for agriculture and other industries. "The current uncertainty diminishes the appetite foreign businesses have to investment in U.S. businesses," said Rabobank Food & Agribusiness Research and Advisory in a report released this week. According to Rabobank, the U.S. food and agriculture industries are "one of the main drivers of global agriculture and trade." Ag exports from the U.S. approached $127 billion in the latest year, and besides being the world's top corn exporter, the U.S. is a major seller of soybeans globally with about half of the crop going overseas to customers such as China. Ag exports to China have grown more than 200 percent in the past decade and last year topped $20 billion. U.S. soybean exports to China have been strong this year, but the sharp rhetoric on trade from Trump during the campaign now is translating into tough talk from the communist nation about possible retaliation if the new administration imposes tariffs. "If Trump imposes a 45 percent tariff on Chinese imports, China-U.S. trade will be paralyzed," Global Times, a Chinese state-run news agency, wrote Sunday. "China will take a tit-for-tat approach then," it added, mentioning everything from Boeing orders to agricultural imports such as U.S. soybeans and corn. Jessica Rinaldi | The Boston Globe | Getty Images Meantime, candidate Trump called NAFTA the "worst trade deal in history" and may push to renegotiate the 22-year-old agreement between the U.S., Mexico and Canada. Overall, Mexico and Canada represent nearly one-third of the total U.S. agricultural exports. "Any change to U.S. agricultural trade agreements will not only affect global prices and trade dynamics but also U.S. farmer margins," according to the Rabobank report. At the same time, Rabobank said there are NAFTA implications in terms of currency fluctuations such as the Mexican peso. It expects Mexico's exports to the U.S. might benefit from the depreciation of the peso, and Brazil, a major agricultural competitor on the global market, could become more attractive than the U.S. Then again, others suggest the weak peso and strong dollar is making some U.S. ag products more expensive for Mexico. "There is concern that corn shipments to Mexico will fall off a little bit due to it costing more for Mexico to buy corn," said Terry Reilly, senior commodity analyst for Futures International in Chicago. Nearly one-fifth of total U.S. food and agriculture exports go to Mexico. Elsewhere, President-elect Trump's plans to crackdown on undocumented immigrants may complicate efforts to attract domestic migrant farm workers. Trump has said he will deport millions of undocumented immigrants and build a "big beautiful wall" at the U.S.-Mexico border. The ag and food sectors, whether fresh produce, livestock or food service companies, are "highly dependent on migrant labor," according to Rabobank. There's also been a trend of rising labor costs, which the bank's report blames on the stricter immigrant laws and increased opportunities in other sectors. The ag industry has been asking for immigration reform to deal with undocumented workers and to help alleviate the farm labor shortage. The labor shortage has been widely recognized in fruit and vegetable production but it is increasingly being found in other ag areas such as dairies and poultry operations. Some farmers rely on the foreign guest farmworker visa program to hire help during harvest time. However, there have been delays in the paperwork processing reported in California and at least a dozen other states. "The current process has so many limitations on it that a lot of folks end up with their crops literally rotting in the field because they don't have anybody to pick the crop," said Dale Moore, executive director of public policy for the American Farm Bureau Federation in Washington, D.C. The Farm Bureau official added, "We know it will be necessarily tied into the broader process of immigration reform." Daniel Acker | Bloomberg | Getty Images Soybeans are harvested Princeton, Illinois, Meantime, the agricultural industry also is looking to the incoming Trump administration for regulatory relief. Specifically, the ag industry wants policy changes with regard to water and environmental reforms, including federal land grazing permit reforms. One area sought is a rollback of the controversial Water of the U.S. rule, known as WOTUS, which was outlined by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Several states have challenged the WOTUS rules, which broadened the definition of such things as "tributary" and also toughens controls over "adjacent waters." In some cases, farmers could lose ranch or farmland, which some have called a regulatory overreach. "This water regulation is not just affecting farmers and ranchers but it affects a lot of different industry sectors," said Moore. Jeff DanielsCoordinating Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BA --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Iran News ... 11/18/16 U.S. Lawmakers Vote To Bar Commercial Aircraft Sales To Iran Source: RFE/RL U.S. lawmakers have passed legislation that would ban the sale of commercial aircraft to Iran, a move aimed at halting sales by aerospace giants Boeing and Airbus that outgoing President Barack Obama's administration has already approved. By a vote of 243-175, the Republican-controlled House of Representatives on November 17 passed the bill that would bar the Treasury Department from granting licenses required for U.S. banks to finance the commercial aircraft deals with Iran. The move is the latest in a broader effort by Republicans in Congress to push back against the landmark deal between Iran and major world powers, which lifts some sanctions against Tehran in exchange for curbs on its nuclear program. Obama considers the deal a signature achievement of his presidency, while President-Elect Donald Trump has pledged to tear it up or renegotiate the accord to squeeze greater concessions from Iran. The bill, however, is unlikely to become law under the current Congress, where it would likely face substantial resistance from Democrats in the Senate. The purchase of aircraft and parts is expressly allowed under the Iran nuclear accord. Copyright (c) 2016 RFE/RL, Inc. Reprinted with the permission of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, 1201 Connecticut Ave., N.W. Washington DC 20036. www.rferl.org ... Payvand News - 03/25/16 ... -- News Categories: Art Business & Economy Diaspora Energy & Oil Environment & GeographyEvents Film & Music For Peace Health & Medicine Heritage & History Literature & Books Middle East & Asia Philanthropy Politics Rights Science & Education Sports Society & Culture Travel Women Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Other Insteresting Articles: Home | Archive | Contact | About |  Web Sites | Bookstore | Persian Calendar | twitter | facebook | RSS Feed © Copyright 2016 NetNative (All Rights Reserved)
Global Business Brief: How Trump could increase defense spending; UK wants 26 Reaper drones Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia The YouTube Effect: Intel Operations Move Out of the Shadows War in the Information Age Team of Drones Pulls Off a (Staged) Search-and-Rescue Mission Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing Defense One Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email → News Threats Politics Business Tech Ideas Iraqi SOF pushes further into Mosul; Airstrikes on Aleppo hospitals; Trump picks Flynn as nat’l security adviser; D1 Summit wraps; and just a bit more… By Ben Watson Read bio Bradley Peniston Read bio November 18, 2016 Topics The D Brief AA Font size + Print Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article By Ben Watson Read bio Bradley Peniston Read bio November 18, 2016 Iraq’s elite Golden Division “stormed the Tahrir district on the northeastern edge of Mosul,” and has now paused to consolidate their gains and to allow civilians “pushing trolleys containing their belongings and carrying home-made white flags” to move out of the way of the next advance, Lt. General Abdul Wahab al-Saidi said this morning. “The Iraqi forces aim to take complete control of the city’s Tahrir area and from there move into the adjacent Muharabeen district,” AP adds. Moving into Tahrir puts Iraqi forces in about a dozen of Mosul’s 50 or so neighborhoods, Reuters reports from the city’s edge, where the Golden Division is deploying drones to surveil the streets and alleyways for possible surprise suicide attacks. Nearby, “a Friday prayer sermon referring to ‘mujahideen’, or holy war fighters, could be heard coming from a mosque under control of the jihadis in the vicinity. An armed man, possibly a sniper, was in the minaret of the mosque.” Subscribe Receive daily email updates: Subscribe to the Defense One daily. Be the first to receive updates. Iraq’s air force has reportedly just received four new F-16s, bringing their total to 14 out of 36 Baghdad agreed to purchase from the U.S. ISIS put out a release Thursday admitting it has lost some territory around Mosul; but don’t get too excited—they still have lots of suicide bombers ready to go. Kurdistan24 news has more, here. Citizens of Mosul are calling into a talk radio program “to unload on suicide bombers and errant airstrikes” and to ask what to do about “the lack of food and medicine,” the Washington Post reports. “They [also] have questions about when to wave white flags and what to do with bodies in the rubble.” So what is this station? Radio Alghad, and its “founder is a 30-something tech entrepreneur who calls himself ‘Mohammad of Mosul’ in interviews because he does not want to be targeted by the Islamic State or its supporters. He also insists on keeping the location of his station and most of the names of its hosts secret. He is concerned about car bombs. He will allow a reporter to say only that the operation is in the Kurdish area of Iraq.” Worth the click, here. A suicide car bomb killed a dozen Iraqis at a Sunni wedding near Baghdad, Reuters reports this morning. In response to similar attacks across the country, Iraq has reportedly imposed new curfews on three towns—Haditha, Baghdadi, and Hit—out of fear that ISIS will reprise its counterattacks in Kirkuk and Rutbah. Hospitals bombed in Syria. Doctors are scrambling today in the northern city of Aleppo after bombs hit “several hospitals and [sent] the chief of a pediatrics clinic in a frantic search for a place to move his young patients,” AP reports, noting, “So far, more than 100 people have been killed across northern Syria since Tuesday… Many hospitals and clinics in the besieged area [of Aleppo] have moved their operations underground after months of relentless bombings and airstrikes. The World Health Organization said in 2016, it recorded 126 attacks on health facilities, a common tactic in the war in Syria.” And in case you need reminding, AP writes that “Russia and the Syrian government deny targeting hospitals in airstrikes.” More here. Brush up on your French and learn how France’s Directorate of Military Intelligence is helping pick ISIS targets in their Raqqa stronghold, via this report from France 2 TV. Turkey wants to get its hands on Russia’s S-400 air defense system, Reuters reports. But Ankara’s Defense Minister Fikri Isik said Turkey is also in talks with other countries for a similar system as well. More, but not a lot, here. President-elect Donald Trump’s Pentagon transition will likely begin today, the Pentagon announced late Thursday. According to Defense News, Trump’s defense transition team is reportedly “being led by retired Army Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, with former Pentagon official and Boeing executive Mira Ricardel, also listed as ‘defense’ under him, and retired Army Brig. Gen. Michael Meese listed as the transition head for Veterans Affairs.” Retired Generals Jack Keane and James Mattis could be on deck for the Defense Secretary gig, Bloomberg reports this morning, citing a single anonymous source. Meantime, Mike Flynn has officially been tapped to become Trump’s National Security Advisor, meaning he’ll have to drop his ties to the consulting firm that bears his name, the Wall Street Journal reported Thursday evening. Trump has also reportedly selected Kansas Republican Rep. Mike Pompeo to lead the CIA. For what it’s worth, here’s Pompeo on Twitter just yesterday: “I look forward to rolling back this disastrous [Iran nuclear] deal with the world’s largest state sponsor of terrorism.” And Guantanamo Bay will get a new commander, Miami Herald’s Carol Rosenberg reported Thursday. The new guy: “Rear Adm. Edward Cashman, 51, is due to assume command of the downsizing detention center early next year, replacing Rear Adm. Peter Clarke, a submariner whose onward assignment has yet to be disclosed. No exact date was provided in the Department of Defense announcement. Cashman’s assignment was already in the Pentagon pipeline before the presidential election.” For what it’s worth: “As of Thursday, the detention center had 60 captives, 20 of the men approved for release with security assurances that satisfy Secretary of Defense Ash Carter, and a staff of around 1,900 troops and civilians.” More here. With Sen. Jeff Sessions now selected as Trump’s attorney general, will Sen. Tom Cotton become SecDef? “Mr. Cotton could be called a Trumpian conservative — eager to spend billions of dollars more on the military, virulently opposed to the Iranian nuclear deal and determined to bomb the something out of the Islamic State,” The New York Times writes. “But he also wove a careful line in an interview on Thursday, warning about President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia.” Many of Trump’s political enemies during his campaign run “have become the objects of his attention as he considers them for cabinet positions,” NYTs reports in this transition team roll-up. Apropos of nothing: Check out the new cover from the latest edition of The Economist. How the troops feel: A new survey suggests 75 percent of U.S. servicemembers are not worried that PEOTUS Trump “may issue orders that violate military rules or traditions,” according to a new poll from Military Times. The positive takeaways: “More than 60 percent said they think the new president will be able to work with Congress to find a solution to defense spending caps, and 56 percent said they believe Trump will improve troops’ pay and benefits. In addition, 54 percent of troops surveyed believe Trump will be able to address the threat posed by Islamic State militants in the Middle East.” The negatives: “More than 27 percent said that having Trump as commander in chief will negatively affect their military job or mission. Among officers, 39 percent expressed those concerns. Among women, 55 percent worry their jobs will be adversely affected.” More here. From Defense One A big thank-you to everyone who spoke, sponsored, supported, and especially attended yesterday’s Defense One Summit! We’re working to post the video; we’ll provide the link as soon as we can. Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia // Bradley Peniston: The SASC member — and just maybe, future SecDef? — also laid out a few priorities at the Defense One Summit. Rep. Schiff: ‘Grave Concerns’ About Trump’s Relationship to America’s Intelligence Community // Bradley Peniston: The House intelligence committee’s ranking member cites the president-elect’s contradiction of the IC’s consensus views. The Global Business Brief: November 17 // Marcus Weisgerber: How Trump could increase defense spending; Backseat in an F-15; U.K. wants 26 Reaper drones; and more. The YouTube Effect: Intelligence Operations Move Out of the Shadows // Tom Shoop: The U.S. military’s intel chief describes a shift from “secret wars” to “low-visibility wars.” Welcome to the Friday edition of The D Brief by Ben Watson and Bradley Peniston. Remembering the USS Maine, launched this day in 1889 at the New York Navy Yard. (Send your friends this link: http://get.defenseone.com/d-brief/. And let us know your news: the-d-brief@defenseone.com. Ally update: NATO Sec-Gen Jens Stoltenberg, trying to get on Trump’s schedule for a phone call, nevertheless says, “I am absolutely confident that President Trump will maintain U.S leadership in the alliance.” That from Reuters, which reminds us that the president-elect “questioned during his election campaign whether the United States should protect allies that have low defense spending, raising fears that he could withdraw funding for the alliance at a time of greater tensions with Russia.” Meanwhile, Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe declared Trump a “trustworthy leader” after a Manhattan meeting. Again, Reuters: “Trump had fanned worries in Tokyo and beyond with comments on the possibility of Japan acquiring nuclear arms, demands that allies pay more for keeping U.S. forces on their soil or face their possible withdrawal, and his opposition to the U.S.-led 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) free trade pact.” Cleared for take-off: The U.S. has finally approved more than $31 billion in fighter jet sales to MidEast allies, IHS Janes reports this morning. The Thursday announcement from the Defense Security Cooperation Agency lays out “the approval of 40 Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornets for Kuwait and 72 Boeing F-15 Advanced Eagles for Qatar, valued at USD10.1 billion and USD21.1 billion respectively.” In that number: The two deals nearly equal the $33.6 billion in arms sales the Obama administration approved globally in fiscal 2016, Defense One’s Global Business Editor Marcus Weisgerber writes. ICYMI: Nixon’s SecDef and former Wisconsin Republican Rep. Melvin R. Laird passed away Wednesday from heart failure at the age of 94 in Fort Myers, Fla. Laird presided over the height of the Vietnam war and oversaw the change from the draft to an all-volunteer force. The Washington Post has a remembrance of “Mel,” here. Lastly this week: The plane in a bag. Yesterday we asked readers if they had ideas what aircraft was concealed in this photo transiting somewhere in the continental U.S. on a trailer with no license plates. The overwhelming response: an F/A-18. Replied one reader: Why assume it’s an aircraft? It could be this. Added another: “It almost has to be a Rebel Alliance X wing fighter, along with various service modules and attending droid attachment pods. The guys and girls at Groom Lake have been refurbishing them in anticipation of Trump’s promised assault on the Immigrant Death Star approaching from the south.” Thanks for playing along, gang. And we’ll see everyone again on Monday! Ben Watson is news editor for Defense One. He previously worked for NPR's “All Things Considered” and “Here and Now” in Washington, D.C. Watson served for five years in the U.S. Army, where he was an award-winning combat cameraman and media advisor for southern Afghanistan's special operations ... Full bio Bradley Peniston is deputy editor of Defense One. A national-security journalist for almost 20 years, he helped launch Military.com, served as managing editor of Defense News, and was editor of Armed Forces Journal. He has written two books about the U.S. Navy, including No Higher Honor: Saving the ... Full bio Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article Most Read 1 The YouTube Effect: Intelligence Operations Move Out of the Shadows 2 War in the Information Age 3 How Special Operators Trained for Psychological Warfare Before the Mosul Fight Subscribe Receive daily email updates: Subscribe to the Defense One daily. Be the first to receive updates. Don't Miss Trump’s Foreign Policy Could Change the Entire International System Now What? Trump’s Long List of National Security Unknowns Crises from Europe to the Asia-Pacific Await Donald Trump Trump vs. the Generals The Marines Are Building Robotic War Balls Washington is Quietly Reinforcing Europe’s Northern Flank Russian Subs Are Reheating a Cold War Chokepoint Weapons of the Syrian War: Timeline and Overview If You Do This, the NSA Will Spy on You Obama’s Final Arms-Export Tally More than Doubles Bush’s « Previous The YouTube Effect: Intelligence Operations Move Out of the Shadows Next » Trump’s CIA Director Wants to Return to a Pre-Snowden World Global Business Brief: How Trump could increase defense spending; UK wants 26 Reaper drones Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia The YouTube Effect: Intel Operations Move Out of the Shadows War in the Information Age Team of Drones Pulls Off a (Staged) Search-and-Rescue Mission Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing « Previous The YouTube Effect: Intelligence Operations Move Out of the Shadows Next » Trump’s CIA Director Wants to Return to a Pre-Snowden World Defense One About Contact Us Events Advertise Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Government Executive Nextgov Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2016 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from DefenseOne   Next Story  
Airforce Technology Market & Customer Insight Log In Request Demo About Market & Customer Insight Jump to page content Accessibility News, views and contacts from the global Air Force industry Market & Customer Insight Log In Request Demo About Market & Customer Insight Home About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Industry Websites Digital Magazine Products & Services Company A - Z Products & Services Press Releases White Papers Company A - Z Company A - Z Products & Services Press Releases White Papers Projects Industry Projects Projects by Region Projects by Category Archived Projects Project Gallery Features Latest Features Features A - Z Contributors Videos White Papers News Latest Industry Updates Industry News Company Press Releases Events Advertise With Us Report Store Digital Magazine About Us Contact Us Industry Websites RAAF welcomes its first P-8A Poseidon aircraft 18 November 2016 The Royal Australian Air Force’s (RAAF) first P-8A Poseidon aircraft has arrived, it will be used to help Australia enhance its border and maritime security. Built based on Boeing B737, the aircraft has been modified by adding latest maritime surveillance and attack capabilities. The Australia Government has committed to procure 15 P-8A Poseidon aircraft in total, with 12 already contracted to be delivered by March 2020. These new aircraft will 'strengthen our existing comprehensive maritime surveillance capability, helping secure Australia’s borders, play a vital role in the fight against people smugglers and providing state of the art anti-submarine defences', the Australian Department of Defence said in a statement. The P-8A Poseidon has been designed by the US Navy for use in anti-submarine warfare and it will work in collaboration with existing Australian Border Force assets to protect the nation's border. Powered by two CFM56-7 engines, the aircraft can fly up to 41,000ft and travel up to 490k. "The P-8 can fly in all flight regimes and can self-deploy up to 4,500 miles from base without refuelling." Designed for 25 years/25,000 hours in the harshest maritime flight regimes, including extended operations in icing environments, the P-8 can fly in all flight regimes and can self-deploy up to 4,500 miles from base without refuelling, Boeing said in a statement. The aircraft is capable of controlling unmanned air vehicles (level 2 control-receive) to extend sensor reach. It can carry 30% more sonobuoys than any maritime patrol and reconnaissance aircraft currently flying, the statement said. Image: Chief of Air Force, Air Marshal Leo Davies, AO, CSC speaks to the media on the occasion of the official welcoming of Australia's first P-8A Poseidon aircraft. Photo: © Commonwealth of Australia, Department of Defence. Related Content Follow Us:   Related News Deals this week: Boeing, Technica, Raytheon The Boeing Company has secured a $478.79m-worth prime contract award from... RAAF welcomes its first P-8A Poseidon aircraft The Royal Australian Air Force’s (RAAF) first P-8A Poseidon aircraft... US approves $141m sale of LAIRCM system for South Korea’s A-330 MRTT The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency (DSCA) has notified Congress of... New Zealand outlines plans to spend $20bn on military capabilities by 2030 New Zealand Defence Minister Gerry Brownlee has set out the government's... UK requests $1bn sale of Predator B remotely piloted aircraft from US The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency (DSCA) has notified Congress of... See all news Follow Us: Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links Newsletter sign up Online magazine sign up www.airforce-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2016 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
null
Sections News Obituaries State Courts/Police Data Center Business Stocks Election Coughlin Sept. 11: Life Forever Changed School Work: Wilkes-Barre Area projects Veterans Graduation Amazing Kids Valley Santa Sports Varsity Voice Varsity570 Gameface RailRiders Penguins College Triathlon Hooper Award Classic Fantasy Football Wildlife Penn State National Sports Arts & Living Bazaars Community JumpStart! Calendar Games People Food and Drink Schools Hot Shot Couponing Festivals Blogs Penn State Blog RailRiders Varsity Voice Penguins Insider College Corner Take 2 Blog Editor's Note Photo Blog Wildlife Blog Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Opinion Editorials Letters Contact Presspass Become a carrier Trial Print Subscriptions Print Advertising e-Edition Subscribe READ THE CITIZENS' VOICE Access the Citizens' Voice e-Edition on your computer or smart device in its original print format. Home delivery subscribers can read it free! Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Citizens' Voice on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at citizensvoice.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device or email, read the e-Edition, sign up for daily newsletters, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. News • Obituaries • Sports • Arts & Living • Opinion • Contact • e-Edition • Classifieds Bill approved by House would cost U.S. manufacturing jobs Most Read Recent Comments Police: Man killed girlfriend, their child then himself Police: Three dead in double murder-suicide Police arrest one man involved in early morning W-B shooting Man charged in Wilkes-Barre shooting Slashing charges against Kingston teen dismissed NEPA Bazaars Get the lowdown on NEPA bazaars, fairs and festivals this summer. (read more) Police and courts Police blotter, marriage licenses, property transactions, divorces and child support in Luzerne County. (read more) See featured businesses in Pottsville Browse the Local Business Directory Pottsville Apartments Pottsville Attorneys Pottsville Auto Dealers Pottsville Auto Parts Pottsville Auto Repair Pottsville Beauty Salons Pottsville Car Rental Pottsville Dentists Pottsville Doctors Pottsville Flowers Pottsville Hotels Pottsville Insurance Pottsville Loans Pottsville Mortgages Pottsville Movers Pottsville Pizza Pottsville Realtors Pottsville Restaurants Pottsville Storage Pottsville Tax Preparation Pottsville Travel Featured More... Yard Sales Want to know where the yard/garage sales are this week? (read more) The Editorial Board / Published: November 18, 2016 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Many U.S. House members who bemoaned the loss of good U.S. manufacturing jobs, while campaigning this fall, voted Thursday to kill some of the very best U.S. manufacturing jobs. By a vote of 243-174, the House approved a bill that would prevent the sale of U.S. commercial aircraft to Iran. Under the 2015 agreement by which Iran agreed to halt its nuclear power development, six Western powers including the United States agreed to lift economic sanctions. Iran since then has negotiated about $42 billion worth of preliminary deals to buy or lease at least 200 new commercial jets from U.S.-based Boeing and Europe’s Airbus Industries. Airbus also assembles its A321 aircraft in Alabama and buys about 10 percent of its parts from American manufacturers. The bill would preclude the Treasury Department from issuing licenses that banks need to finance international transactions, and would apply to Boeing and Airbus. Rep. Jim Himes, a Connecticut Democrat and member of the House Intelligence Committee who opposes the bill, said it would adversely affect about 100,000 jobs throughout the commercial aircraft industry and its long supply chain. To complete the deals, Iran would have to comply with several international protocols for multi-nation financial transactions. So the bill not only would diminish U.S. manufacturing but it would also preclude Iran’s movement toward global diplomatic and financial norms. The Senate should reject the bill. If it does not do so, President Barack Obama should veto it. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 75 N. Washington St. Wilkes-Barre, PA 18701 (570) 821-2000 CONTACT US Copyright ©2016 The Citizens' Voice PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND WILKES-BARRE JOBS Facebook Twitter      
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, November 21, 2016 12:17 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 27°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Airbus wins US$1.4b order for 13 planes from Japan’s Peach Friday November 18, 2016 03:24 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Jorgensen upsets Olympic champ Chen Long to win China Open Merkel tells party she plans to seek re-election as chancellor Drinking raw milk increases risk of infection, says Health D-G Craig Reedie re-elected as World Anti-Doping Agency president Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article An Airbus A320neo ‘quiet jet’ is pictured at the ILA Berlin Air Show in Schoenefeld, south of Berlin June 4, 2016. — Reuters picPARIS, Nov 18 — Airbus Group SE won an order for 13 Airbus planes valued at about US$1.4 billion (RM6.17 billion) at list prices from Japanese budget carrier Peach Aviation Ltd, making inroads in a nation where most aircraft flown come from Boeing Co. Peach signed an agreement to buy 10 A320neo aircraft and three A320ceo planes, it said in a statement today. The carrier plans to expand its fleet to at least 35 planes by 2020 and to 100 later, chief executive officer Shinichi Inoue said today at a briefing in Tokyo that was also attended by Airbus Group chief operating officer Fabrice Bregier. The order for A320neos, with the first scheduled to be handed over in 2019, is a bright spot for a plane model whose deliveries have been plagued by engine issues. Peach, backed by ANA Holdings Inc, started operations four years ago and is buying more planes as demand for low-cost travel in Japan spurs growth. The carrier plans to set up a base at Sendai airport next year and at Sapporo’s Shin-Chitose airport in 2018, Inoue said. Peach operates 18 Airbus A320s and competes against Jetstar Japan Co, the budget carrier backed by Qantas Airways Ltd and Japan Airlines Co, and other low-cost airlines. The A320neo has a list price of US$107.3 million, while the A320ceo is priced at US$98 million. Discounts are common in the industry. Airbus won its first order from Japan Airlines three years ago. ANA, which already operates the single-aisle A320, ordered widebody A380s earlier this year. ANA is Peach’s largest shareholder with 39 per cent, followed by First Eastern Aviation Holdings Ltd with 33 per cent, and Innovation Network Corp of Japan with 28 per cent. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Five ways Indians are dodging ‘black money’ crackdown Asia to narrow trade focus as protectionism rises, say analysts Malaysia’s central bank says will no longer tolerate ringgit trade in NDF market Palm oil celebrates centennial, output doubles every 10 years TPP, RCEP, FTAAP: A user’s guide to alphabet soup of trade deals Foreign banks shaken by Malaysia's move to halt currency slide Bank Negara instructs foreign banks to refrain from offshore ringgit trading, sources claim Malaysia’s central bank says will no longer tolerate ringgit trade in NDF market Malaysia Airlines mulling purchase of 25 widebody jets next year Ex-Valeant executive, ex-pharmacy CEO charged for fraud scheme Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Tensions’ likely under President-elect Trump, Obama says Reuters Video: Trump says ‘you will hear some things tomorrow’ MMOTV: Mahathir, Siti Hasmah head to KLCC by car MMOTV: Mahathir, Siti Hasmah head to KLCC by car MMOTV: Red Shirts heckle yellow-shirted Bersih participants Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Related Articles Two more Airbus 350s for Malaysia Airlines by 2018 Delta goes for Airbus in US$14b order for new jets Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Airlines / Aviation Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTelecomTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / Transport RailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / Transport You are here: ET Home›Industry›Transportation›Airlines / Aviation 04:05 PM | 18 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,150-77.38 NIFTY 50 8,074-5.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,970-161.00 USD/INR 68.130.30 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Scoot eyes long-haul flights from India By Saurabh Sinha, TNN | Updated: Nov 18, 2016, 12.48 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Singapore Airlines | Scoot | LCC Scoot | Boeing 787 Dreamliners "The cost structure of AI and Jet is too high to sustain low fares of a long haul LCC. Maybe IndiGo and Vistara look at this option in the future," said an industry insider. NEW DELHI: With budget airlines controlling almost 65% of domestic skies, it is now the turn of foreign low-cost carriers (LCC) with wide-body planes to eye the lucrative long-haul traffic to-and-from India. Singapore Airlines' (SIA) long-haul LCC Scoot wants to operate its Boeing 787 Dreamliners on Singapore-India-Europe/Gulf routes under something known as "fifth freedom" of aviation. Under this freedom, an airline can fly from its home country to a second nation and take passengers from there to a third country and same on return. "There is a market for long-haul LCCs to come into India or be based here. If allowed, our fare (basic, with everything else like baggage check-in, meals, beverages and Wi-Fi costing extra) could be Rs 5,000 and Rs 10,000 on Delhi-London and Delhi-New York, respectively, one-way," said Bharath Mahadevan, India head of Scoot. The LCC flies from Amritsar, Jaipur and Chennai to Singapore. It will soon merge SIA's short-haul LCC Tiger into it and then fly from eight Indian cities to Singapore. However, airlines from Singapore have used up the bilateral (flying rights) with India, while Indian carriers are still using about half of their share. So, an increase in bilateral that could enable Scoot to have low-cost flights to Europe may not happen in a hurry. Lufthansa is also planning for some time to have its long-haul LCC flights to India. "If the bilateral are increased, we can look at Singapore-Delhi/Mumbai/Chennai/Kolkata-Europe/Gulf flights. We can fly to places like Zurich, Paris, Manchester (not London), Amsterdam, Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Bahrain. There is a huge pent-up demand for international travel from India and it needs to be tapped at the right price point. The demand is very strong in tier II cities," Mahadevan said. But whether India allows this remains to be seen as its long haul players — Air India and Jet — will be badly affected. "Under UPA-I and II, Dubai and Abu Dhabi became the hubs of Indian international travellers. Allowing foreign long-haul LCCs to fly between India and West will be disastrous for us," said a senior official of a full-service Indian carrier, adding, "Indian carriers may do this on their own in some time." At present, Indian budget airlines — IndiGo, AI Express and SpiceJet (GoAir will begin overseas flights shortly) -- fly their single aisle Airbus A-320s and Boeing 737s to neighbouring places like Gulf and Southeast Asia. Airbus has for years been trying to sell it's twin aisle A-330s to Big Boy Indian LCC IndiGo — which controls 40% of domestic market — that can be used to fly medium to long haul, means places like Europe and one-stop to even Americas. "The cost structure of AI and Jet is too high to sustain low fares of a long haul LCC. Maybe IndiGo and Vistara look at this option in the future," said an industry insider. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Weird Tractors That Make No Sense - Wait till you see #1 Mentertained Monica Lewinsky Reveals Who She Voted For, And It's Not Wh.. Tomorrowoman 8 Beautiful Virginia Waterfalls to Visit This Season Visit Virginia MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Kashmir bursts into life after 4 months of closure Donald Trump says Ford not moving US plant to Mexico VoLTE will not be an overnight success in India: Ericsson From Around the Web More from The Economic Times Longevity Scientists Explain What They Believe Is Key To H.. Fast Company | Elysium Health Top 10 Most-Anticipated Superyachts Coming to the 2016 Mon.. Robb Report How to Pack Light for Any Trip Citi This Article Will Change The Way You Buy Glasses Forever GlassesUSA.com Rs 91 lakh worth old notes found in Minister’s car Spieth wins Australian Open in playoff Kejri calls BBC corrupt for supporting demonetisation Twitter poll: 87% believe move will limit terror funding READ MORE ON » Singapore Airlines | Scoot | LCC Scoot | Boeing 787 Dreamliners Follow this section for latest news on Airlines / Aviation EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented View: Why small finance faces a big wipeout Liquidity to stay, rates may fall further: SBI Rajdhani, Shatabdi fares may fall in lean seasons Demonetisation: Massive deposit bonanza for banks pulls down interest rates Punjab National Bank collects Rs 47,000 crore deposits through demonetisation drive More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget 2017|Sensex, Nifty Live Blog Gold Rate|US Presidential Elections Live Updates Festival Guide 2016|​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Home World news Japan’s Peach Aviation orders 10 Airbus A320neo jets, three older models Japan’s Peach Aviation orders 10 Airbus A320neo jets, three older models Japan's Peach Aviation said it had ordered 10 fuel-efficient Airbus A320neo passenger jets and three older versions of the jet, for a total of $1.3 billion at list prices, as part of its business expansion plans. By: Reuters | Tokyo | Published: November 18, 2016 10:21 AM The Japanese budget carrier in a press release said it will begin introducing the new planes from 2019. It currently operates 18 older A320s. (Reuters) Japan’s Peach Aviation said it had ordered 10 fuel-efficient Airbus A320neo passenger jets and three older versions of the jet, for a total of $1.3 billion at list prices, as part of its business expansion plans. The Japanese budget carrier in a press release said it will begin introducing the new planes from 2019. It currently operates 18 older A320s. The order will help Airbus in its race against Boeing in Japan, where the latter is a bigger player with its strong ties to local aerospace firms such as Mitsubishi Heavy Industries that build significant portions of its jetliners. The deal is, however, smaller than some had expected. On Thursday, industry sources told Reuters that Airbus had spent months trying to sell dozens of A320neo passenger jets to Peach Aviation. Peach Aviation, which is 39 percent owned by ANA Holdings , Japan’s biggest airline, began flying in 2012 from Kansai in western Japan. Last year it started flying to Tokyo’s Haneda airport and plans to open services to Sendai in northeast Japan in the business year starting April and to the northern island of Hokkaido in the following twelve-month period. “The A320neo will be used as a part of the introduction of new aircraft for Peach’s business expansion,” the company said in the release on Friday. The order from Peach Aviation will take Airbus nearer to its target to sell 670 planes this year in the global market that is seen as somewhat oversupplied with jets. At the end of October, Airbus was 85 aircraft short of its aim. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Cigarettes worth Rs 6 cr stolen in Visakhapatnam Akshay Kumar is the hero in '2.0', says Rajnikanth Sharad Pawar attacks Modi govt over demonetisation, bullet train project PM Narendra Modi speech: Top 5 key takeaways Rajinikanth most amazing man, have lot of respect for him: Salman Khan WB Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee flays PM Narendra Modi over chit fund 'scam' charge People crave more for Wi-Fi than sex, chocolate, alcohol: Study Sania Mirza shares heartwarming message on her sister’s wedding Little respite for Delhi on Sunday: Banks shut, ATMs dry Robot 2.0 first look: Rajinikanth, Akshay Kumar launch first look poster of Shankar's upcoming sequeal Patna-Indore train accident: Journey to attend wedding turns nightmare for Bhopal family  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Airbus Wins $1.4 Billion Order for 13 Planes From Japan’s Peach Chris Cooper ChrisTokyo Kiyotaka Matsuda November 17, 2016 — 9:11 PM EST Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Fabrice Bregier, left, and Shinichi Inoue. Photographer: Tomohiro Ohsumi/Bloomberg The carrier will take delivery of A320neos starting 2019 Peach is planning to expand fleet to 100, CEO Inoue says Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Airbus Group SE won an order for 13 Airbus planes valued at about $1.4 billion at list prices from Japanese budget carrier Peach Aviation Ltd., making inroads in a nation where most aircraft flown come from Boeing Co. Peach signed an agreement to buy 10 A320neo aircraft and three A320ceo planes, it said in a statement Friday. The carrier plans to expand its fleet to at least 35 planes by 2020 and to 100 later, Chief Executive Officer Shinichi Inoue said Friday at a briefing in Tokyo that was also attended by Airbus Group Chief Operating Officer Fabrice Bregier. The order for A320neos, with the first scheduled to be handed over in 2019, is a bright spot for a plane model whose deliveries have been plagued by engine issues. Peach, backed by ANA Holdings Inc., started operations four years ago and is buying more planes as demand for low-cost travel in Japan spurs growth. The carrier plans to set up a base at Sendai airport next year and at Sapporo’s Shin-Chitose airport in 2018, Inoue said. Peach operates 18 Airbus A320s and competes against Jetstar Japan Co., the budget carrier backed by Qantas Airways Ltd. and Japan Airlines Co., and other low-cost airlines. The A320neo has a list price of $107.3 million, while the A320ceo is priced at $98 million. Discounts are common in the industry. Airbus won its first order from Japan Airlines three years ago. ANA, which already operates the single-aisle A320, ordered widebody A380s earlier this year. ANA is Peach’s largest shareholder with 39 percent, followed by First Eastern Aviation Holdings Ltd. with 33 percent, and Innovation Network Corp. of Japan with 28 percent. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Airbus Group SE Peach Aviation Ltd Japan Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Japan's Peach Aviation orders 10 Airbus A320neo jets, three older models Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Asia | Thu Nov 17, 2016 | 10:02pm EST Japan's Peach Aviation orders 10 Airbus A320neo jets, three older models Passengers use Peach Aviation's check-in machines at New Tokyo international airport in Narita, east of Tokyo, July 7, 2014. REUTERS/Issei Kato TOKYO Japan's Peach Aviation said it had ordered 10 fuel-efficient Airbus A320neo passenger jets and three older versions of the jet, for a total of $1.3 billion at list prices, as part of its business expansion plans. The Japanese budget carrier in a press release said it will begin introducing the new planes from 2019. It currently operates 18 older A320s. The order will help Airbus in its race against Boeing in Japan, where the latter is a bigger player with its strong ties to local aerospace firms such as Mitsubishi Heavy Industries that build significant portions of its jetliners. The deal is, however, smaller than some had expected. On Thursday, industry sources told Reuters that Airbus had spent months trying to sell dozens of A320neo passenger jets to Peach Aviation. Peach Aviation, which is 39 percent owned by ANA Holdings, Japan's biggest airline, began flying in 2012 from Kansai in western Japan. Last year it started flying to Tokyo's Haneda airport and plans to open services to Sendai in northeast Japan in the business year starting April and to the northern island of Hokkaido in the following twelve-month period. "The A320neo will be used as a part of the introduction of new aircraft for Peach's business expansion," the company said in the release on Friday. The order from Peach Aviation will take Airbus nearer to its target to sell 670 planes this year in the global market that is seen as somewhat oversupplied with jets. At the end of October, Airbus was 85 aircraft short of its aim. (Reporting by Tim Kelly; Editing by Himani Sarkar) Next In Asia Fed up with EU, Erdogan says Turkey could join Shanghai bloc ISTANBUL President Tayyip Erdogan was quoted on Sunday as saying that Turkey did not need to join the European Union "at all costs" and could instead become part of a security bloc dominated by China, Russia and Central Asian nations. South Korea prosecutors say President Park was accomplice in corruption scandal SEOUL South Korean prosecutors said on Sunday that they believed President Park Geun-hye was an accomplice in a corruption scandal that has rocked her administration, in a heavy blow to her fight for political survival. Tidal power developers bet on sea change in Indonesia renewables sector JAKARTA A well-connected Indonesian marine renewable energy company and OpenHydro, a unit of French state-owned naval defense company DCNS, aim to be the first to plug into the vast untapped tidal energy potential of the world's biggest archipelago. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Christie’s preps for fall auctions Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Japan's Peach Aviation orders 10 Airbus A320neo jets, three older models By Reuters Published: 22:06 EST, 17 November 2016 | Updated: 22:06 EST, 17 November 2016 e-mail TOKYO, Nov 18 (Reuters) - Japan's Peach Aviation said it had ordered 10 fuel-efficient Airbus A320neo passenger jets and three older versions of the jet, for a total of $1.3 billion at list prices, as part of its business expansion plans. The Japanese budget carrier in a press release said it will begin introducing the new planes from 2019. It currently operates 18 older A320s. The order will help Airbus in its race against Boeing in Japan, where the latter is a bigger player with its strong ties to local aerospace firms such as Mitsubishi Heavy Industries that build significant portions of its jetliners. The deal is, however, smaller than some had expected. On Thursday, industry sources told Reuters that Airbus had spent months trying to sell dozens of A320neo passenger jets to Peach Aviation. Peach Aviation, which is 39 percent owned by ANA Holdings , Japan's biggest airline, began flying in 2012 from Kansai in western Japan. Last year it started flying to Tokyo's Haneda airport and plans to open services to Sendai in northeast Japan in the business year starting April and to the northern island of Hokkaido in the following twelve-month period. "The A320neo will be used as a part of the introduction of new aircraft for Peach's business expansion," the company said in the release on Friday. The order from Peach Aviation will take Airbus nearer to its target to sell 670 planes this year in the global market that is seen as somewhat oversupplied with jets. At the end of October, Airbus was 85 aircraft short of its aim. (Reporting by Tim Kelly; Editing by Himani Sarkar) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Shouldn't one prefer English tea, Meghan? Prince Harry's girlfriend is spotted bringing a new coffee machine on set as she returns to work on TV show Suits 'She needs hot milk and a sleeping tablet!' Little Mix fans mock 'hungover' Jesy Nelson as she struggles to cut BREAD on TV show... overshadowing the return of her engagement ring  The grand night out! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May celebrate with friends and family following their Amazon Prime debut 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Kardashian Red hot! Sizzling Lauryn Goodman shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she makes a splash in Mykonos Bikini body Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on an extremely leggy display in thigh-high boots to launch new fashion line Entrpreneur Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Faced tough times Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London Chic figure in a cobalt blue sleeveless jumpsuit which clung to her slender frame. 'Wow look at that a**e': Katie Price takes to Instagram to document her bum lift and flaunt her perky results Showing off In knead of a hug? Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown pouts as she watches tennis match with hunky boyfriend Liam Macaulay TOWIE's Gemma Collins flaunts her curves wearing figure-hugging ripped jeans out and about in Essex as fans comment on her slimmer appearance Using more than just a filter? Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison looks flawless in Instagram snap... but unedited pictures tells a different story I'm A Celeb star Scarlett Moffatt confesses she once shredded an ex-boyfriend's clothes after he started seeing another woman Feisty Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Claudia Winkleman appears in high spirits as she sports a chic navy coat in Blackpool...despite enjoying late night after-party with her Strictly co-host 'How vain!' Simon Cowell is slammed on Twitter after pausing critique to demand big screen close-up during live X Factor broadcast Fans outraged as Kanye West storms out of ANOTHER gig just ten minutes in after rant blasting 'old a**' Hillary, Mark Zuckerberg's 'lies', 'winning-obsessed Beyonce and Jay-Z 'who has hit-men' Laura Whitmore puts on a VERY leggy display in a slashed pink satin gown as she attends Global Gift Gala  Braving the rain and wind 'You are kidding me!' I'm A Celebrity's Martin Roberts emits high-pitched scream as he is locked in a snake-filled coffin of water Scary stuff Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event Turns heads Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  The X Factor's Samantha Lavery finds herself flung off a mechanical bull during London club performance Game for a laugh 'I adore him': Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'such a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  Danielle Bux shows some skin in flowing off-the-shoulder print dress as she cheers on daughter Ella, 14, during tennis practice in Los Angeles Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia at Moana screening I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  On your bike! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton proudly parades her ample assets as she strips down to her bra for a cycle and al fresco lunch in Spain 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga by posting a topless snap of them embracing Forget the traditional birthday card!  'Is he allowed to get away with homophobia just because he's Peter Kay?' Comedian splits opinion as he jokes with Judge Rinder on Strictly... while others praise his 'hilarious' skit Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight Caught on tape 'They're like a pair of love-struck teenagers': James McAvoy 'embarks on romance with N Might Shyamalan's assistant Lisa Liberati'... months after split from wife Anne-Marie Duff 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Sweet Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Taking fatherhood in his stride Action! Dapper James Nesbitt is surrounded by riot police on set of the second series of Stan Lee's Lucky Man His own best advertisement! Cody Simpson steps out in LA showing off his edgy style in a personalised monogrammed silk jacket  Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to Louis Walsh joking she's had a boob job It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot California chilling Thistle cheer her up! Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned pins in thigh-skimming floral bardot dress as she enjoys night out in Manchester 'Thank you for all your love and support': Jemma Lucy 'confirms' she's in a relationship with Charlotte Dawson... but is it just a joke? After a late night tweet Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly 'One word, three syllables - fab-u-lous!': Danny Mac scores first 40 of the season with his flawless Charleston as Strictly hits the glitzy Blackpool ballroom 'You can't spoil your kids': Mel B reveals she's a strict parent, and expects her children to work for their pocket money Still have a great lifestyle 'They've spoken about babies': Mother of Scarlett Moffatt's boyfriend Luke Crodden reveals the pair are thinking about 'settling down' after jungle stint Andrew Lloyd Webber and his wife Madeleine Gurdon look in good spirits as they arrive in Barbados for sun-soaked holiday Double trouble! The final four X Factor contestants will duet with James Arthur, Charli XCX, Jess Mauboy and Robbie Williams as they fight for a victory in the grand finale Honeymoon's over! Scarlett Moffatt left in tears after newbies Danny Baker and Martin argue over task, bringing first friction to I'm A Celeb jungle Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Famous curves 'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Enviable physique 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie 2/3s of Charlie's Angels  A whole lotta cash! The Police 'offered over £7.3million to reunite with Sting' to headline Desert Trip festival in 2017 Next Oldchella? Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA Itty-bitty teeny-weeny New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Autumnal look 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Everyone say 'Aahh' Spa-mazing! Carol Vorderman shows off incredible figure in a VERY low cut slinky swimsuit as she indulges in some I'm A Celebrity pampering  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls Bust a move! Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie Curtis, 5, steps out at the Sydney premiere of Trolls... and is seen breaking it down inside to a Justin Timberlake song 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean girl 'Why him, not me? I wish I could change places with him': Chef Jean-Christophe Novelli tells of the pain of his 10-week-old son's cancer battle  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  What a catch! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip away with friends to the tropical Bahamas Claws out Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  Spotted in Hollywood Great Balls of fire! Could the incrEDible happen? Ed lights up Blackpool during Strictly live performance as even Craig Revel Horwood says he could reach final  Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Out and about Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopper 'They're worse than the critters!' I'm A Celebrity fans flock to Twitter to rant about 'moaning' Martin Roberts and 'obnoxious' Danny Baker Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Turned heads Work it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her extreme hourglass figure in vintage-inspired active wear designed by her 'best friend' Va voom! Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors Hour glass 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' as she attends a fan event in Sydney Who wore it best? Nikki Sanderson and Simon Gregson's wife Emma wear the SAME plunging dress to charity bash in Manchester GEM Appeal winter ball Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Still got it! Goldie Hawn turns heads in VERY low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with partner Kurt Russell...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps 'He knows where I am': Honey G challenges Strictly Come Dancing's Ed Balls to a dance off following her X Factor rap medley Both love/hated Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Day of winter festivities The G Factor! Aspiring rapper Honey G overtakes bookies' favourite Matt Terry in The X Factor phone votes causing Simon Cowell to 'worry'  Fishing for compliments! Joel Dommett gets flirty with Lisa Snowdon on I'm A Celeb... despite being sat in a hot tub full of fish guts   Alesha Dixon shows plenty of gorgeous glowing skin in stunning off-shoulder gown as she attends Global Gift Gala with partner Azuka Ononye 'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley says he gets sick of hearing his own songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Laura Bailey stuns in black lace slip dress at Claridges Christmas Tree party... while Lily Cole misses the glam memo in socks and trainers Red hot! Zilda Williams flaunts her ample E cup cleavage in a VERY revealing red Baywatch-inspired skimpy swimsuit beachside  Red hot! Kym Marsh shows off her svelte physique in form-fitting crimson lace gown as she arrives at the GEM Appeal Winter Ball in style Strictly smiling! Louise Redknapp, Danny Mac and Ed Balls in cheery mood as they leave Blackpool's Tower Ballroom after dance triumph  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing promotion of Rules Don't Apply She's beem burning the candle at both ends Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park Dad day Coleen Rooney shows her support for husband Wayne as she takes kids to watch Arsenal game... after footballer faced backlash for partying until 5am It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Swapped philanthropy  for a spot of sightseeing 'He's always going to be better than you!': Louis Walsh claims Ryan Lawrie will forever be in Matt Terry's shadow in feisty X Factor critique   Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside Order of the day He's a beach boy at heart! Home and Away's George Mason skips the shoes and goes shirtless on a grocery run at Bondi with bikini-clad model girlfriend Manon Buchalet 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Expecting child soon Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Lucy Mecklenburgh, 25, shares a smile with her lookalike mum Linda, 55, as the pair saunter through Brentwood An uncanny likeness 'We're scrutinised more harshly than men': Natalie Imbruglia speaks about getting older... and the 'stupid' women in Hollywood who lie about their age Raunchy Perrie Edwards flashes her cleavage in skimpy bralette as she joins her Little Mix band-mates at BBC Radio 2 Arrived in style The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  They're all at it Royal doppelgängers! Young actors playing Prince George and Princess Charlotte seen on set of forthcoming BBC drama King Charles III Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Parky finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later Called her 'sex queen'  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story? Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a daring cut-away jumpsuit as she hits the town  Flaunt it All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony The 47-year-old looked sheepish Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Cut-out for the catwalk! Kady McDermott and Emma McVey flash their busts in plunging tops as they enjoy glamorous girls' night out Saucy amount of skin GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Hit the rocks? Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Pictured arriving for work in Toronto Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out Covered up 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America Wogan surge sets Children In Need record: Appeal raises £46.6m after viewers were urged to 'give everything' in Sir Terry's memory   'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Bizarre image 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video 'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He's an early investor Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer She never fails ooze glamour Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Increasingly busy now Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the high temperatures Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Took advantage of cooler weather Leona Lewis shows off her trim midriff in statement navy bardot jumpsuit as she attends charity luncheon with Terri Seymour in Beverly Hills So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous bulge again... after laughing off the rumours about his manhood Post-baby curves! Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Adorable little boy He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumours swirl about ex J Lo It started with a kiss... Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer as 17-year-old is told off after being seen in a beer tent at London's Winter Wonderland Pippa Middleton attempts to end family rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Following coke scandal Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Fashionable magnet Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Ashley James suffers an embarrassing fashion faux pas as she forgets to remove the tag from her satin dress at the Chain Of Hope charity ball 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken All dressed up for the cameras Leading the cha-cha-charge! Fan favourite Ed Balls lands in Blackpool as Strictly stars arrive for BBC special Cutting a causal figure Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  Expanding her interests beyond just acting Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Spirited display Little Stars! These smiling youngsters grew up to be some of Britain's biggest celebrities... but can you guess who they are?  New charity campaign Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it They really are the best of exes Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life - as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson She's committed to making it work Former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she helps Chelsea boutique celebrate its first anniversary  Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Top condition Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro Flaunted enviable figure Gemma Oaten dazzles crowds with her voice during festive performance as she joins Jennifer Metcalfe for Christmas light switch on in Reading Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Quirky twist GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been a sex symbol for 30 years Look away Chloe! Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna shares a passionate smooch with newcomer Elettra Lamborghini on boozy night out with his co-stars 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople' It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Quintessential style 'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Back together? Vogue Williams cosies up to artist ex boyfriend Maser as they enjoy picturesque holiday in Iceland HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  Yasmin, 51, broke her shoulder on the first day of a 350-mile journey  'We are getting to know each other again': Nick Knowles's wife Jessica reveals the pair are back together but taking things slowly after she beat cervical cancer Ola Jordan flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys the I'm A Celeb jungle shower 'The gloves could come off': Wayne Bridge's ex Vanessa Perroncel 'angry the ex footballer didn't tell her he was doing I'm A Celebrity'  Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA Flair for fashion We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner Edgy all-black ensemble A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Locking lips Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs Just a day away Angelina Jolie appears in International Criminal Court video for children Tthe 41-year-old Oscar winner recorded a message on Friday  Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Danielle Armstrong oozes glamour in an elegant sapphire gown as she turns heads at Chain of Hope charity ball Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer Surrounded by loved ones as she succumbed to the disease 'They're all Z-list p****s': Danny Dyer lashes out at TOWIE stars as he brands them 'fame-hungry and untalented'  Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Light winter ensemble Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA Relaxed attire 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki Picture purrfect! Atomic Kitten singer Kerry Katona and George Kay prove their relationship is on track as they enjoy loved-up break to Abu Dhabi  Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Summer bodies are made in the winter Does she need to be any more Vanilla? Ice Ice Baby singer 'lined up to duet with Honey G' if she makes it to the final... as producers 'struggle' to secure collaboration 'He's the best!' Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Arlene Phillips tips 'novelty act' Ed Balls to win ahead of Blackpool special Inseparable! Lottie Moss and rumoured boyfriend Alex Mytton look besotted as they enjoy another night out on the town together 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini She revealed her rock hard physique PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body Stephen Bear puts on a loved-up display with new flame Taylor Regan as they step out hand-in-hand at Winter Wonderland opening Two stars with VERY roguish relatives: Cheryl discovers she is related to a serial seducer - while Amanda Holden finds out her granddad was a hero in new series of Who Do You Think You Are? Double denim! Chloe Meadows displays her toned pins in thigh skimming mini skirt at clothes launch Amy Willerton channels old school Hollywood glamour in fringed semi-sheer gown as she makes a sweeping entrance at Chain of Hope charity ball Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town Checked out the reservations Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal It's a spade 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself The little one got to spend some time with Santa She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig Took the stage in Miami  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Slammed 'hate speech' Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  Unique sense of style They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Another one? Ex-Geordie Shore star Daniel Conn flaunts his muscular frame as he enjoys a day at Bondi Beach with a mystery woman What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  As a digital native, Kylie Jenner knows the power of a good selfie.  Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Vision in black and red 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime Multi-tasking Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Sleeping on the plane? Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  FIRST LOOK: Peter Capaldi held at gunpoint in Doctor Who Christmas special clip featuring Matt Lucas and masked vigilante The Ghost . Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes the BBC's Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at charity ball The 46-year-old model wore a sleeveless, shimmery black gown All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Preened to perfection! Home and Away's Pia Miller sports full face of makeup and styled locks in tiny shorts... as she films workout in Sydney Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual... a week after locking lips with Lucy Vives 'I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it!' Things are getting serious! Sharon Osbourne gives Honey G a pep talk ahead of X Factor live show amid reports of her 'tantrums' Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York Ruggedly handsome at the same time Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I didn't talk for eight months': Danny Baker reduces Scarlett Moffatt to TEARS as he discusses tough cancer battle in the jungle Wayne Bridge, Adam Thomas and Jordan Banjo leave viewers in hysterics as they scream like girls during critter challenge... but redeem themselves in winning live trial Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks her social media silence as she posts an inspirational Gandhi quote and thanks her friends for their support  'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' 'Two of his previous partners have got pregnant after the show!' Louise Redknapp hopes Strictly partner Kevin Clifton will be her 'lucky charm' for third baby Chloe Lewis flaunts her tanned and toned pins in a sexy oversized blazer and lace slip as she makes glamorous appearance at bar launch in Liverpool Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at Chain of Hope charity ball 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during an off season vacation with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs EXCLUSIVE: Comic Kathy Griffin tells how she witnessed hard-partying Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks and was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Little Mix bring the glamour to Children In Need night... as they delight group of theatre kids with a big surprise Glowing Rochelle Humes cradles her blossoming bump as she and husband Marvin present Children In Need side-by-side From Dirty Den to Dirty Dancing! Shona McGarty wows in EastEnders Children In Need 80s medley, while Richard Blackwood performs Footloose  A starry occasion! Frankie Bridge stuns in sheer patterned ensemble as she takes on presenting duties at Children In Need Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Hirst girl's £1,270 kinky boots are 'shoe porn'  Model Katie Keight, 26, revealed her penchant for luxury footwear  'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Died surrounded by her band, the Dap-Kings Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on a Vietnamese chat show  From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple looked as loved up as ever 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticised by 'mean girls' Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA The 32-year-old model was spotted showing off some serious shoulder  Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Pant and Dec! Superfan gets cheeky tattoo of the Geordie duo recreating famous Lady and the Tramp spaghetti eating scene on his BUM 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona 'Tis the season! Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even a SEX CLUB membership 'It was his favourite night of the year': Sir Terry Wogan's son Mark pays tribute to his late father as Graham Norton says the broadcaster 'will always be in our hearts' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
RSS Home | Advertise | Classifieds | About | Contact Subscribe Sign In Culver City Observer -   Reader Comments (0)  Print     DBA News Baseball - MLB Business Chortkoff On Sports Clubs and Organizations Columns Culver City Dining Elections Fiesta La Ballona Government People Pets Police and Fire Recipes Restaurant Reviews Schools Sports Baseball - College Baseball - High School Baseball - MLB Basketball - High School Basketball - NBA Basketball - WNBA Basketball-College Chortkoff On Sports Culver City Football - College Football - High School Football-NFL Golf Hockey Horse Racing Lacrosse Letters NASCAR NBA NFL Professional Boxing Softball Tennis Track and Field Volleyball WNBA Youth Opinion Commentary Editorials Letters Schools Arts Ballet Music Pictures Theatre Movies Action Animation Anime Comedy Documentary Drama Family Film Festivals Horror Horror/Comedy Interviews Youth Teens Health Obituaries Worship Travel Local Real Estate Photos Directory Classifieds Browse Ads Place An Ad   By Neil Rubenstein  Will The Culver Sanitation Department Close?   November 17, 2016 Is the rumored closing of the Culver City Sanitation Department true? Is billionaire medical doctor Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong, buying the Culver City Sanitation Station and causing the sanitation employees of Culver City to lose their jobs? We don't know. Rumor is that Dr. Soon-Shiong has expressed distaste for the smell and general appearance of the sanitation facility. In addition, it is rumored that he wants to purchase the sanitation land for millions and turn it into retail shopping and dining, in order to attract the many visitors to Baldwin Hills Scenic Overlook at Hetzler and Jefferson Blvd. Faithful employees, many who have worked over 10 - 15 years for Culver City Sanitation, will lose their jobs, pensions and benefits. Is this the way Culver City wants to treat devoted employees? Culver City Sanitation is one of the few city agencies that actually makes money for Culver City; the fire and police do not make money for the city, yet they are not being closed and given to private companies. If the rumor is true the move to close Culver City Sanitation is just plain unfair and wrong. Do you think an unmanned car is hot stuff? Well, neighbor, the Boeing Company has been working on an unmanned submarine called Echo Voyager. It’s 51 feet long and designed to stay underwater for months at a time. Does everybody remember reading or hearing on television that Governor Brown projects a budget of $122 billion dollars? The $64,000 question is, “Why do we need to raise taxes?” The answer is that our county supervisor, Mark Ridley-Thomas, the father of your assembly member, Sebastian Ridley-Thomas, wants us to vote to increase the sales tax by a half cent for rail and freeway improvements. Butt for the poor or those on fixed incomes, the higher sales tax is the worst idea. I remember top crackerjack defense lawyer, F. Lee Bailey, who was part of the dream team who defended O.J. Simpson. Mr. Bailey has perhaps experienced some business reversals, because he declared bankruptcy over a $5 million disagreement with the I.R.S. I hope Mr. Bailey wins, but with the I.R.S. . . . Over the Labor Day weekend Theodorsia and I attended a block party in Inglewood where we renewed our friendship with a truly remarkable person – their mayor, James Butts. He left Inglewood as a lieutenant to become the Santa Monica chief of police, and from there to be the Los Angeles International Airport assistant police chief. When he retired he ran for and was elected mayor. The transformation this far has been dynamic and in the years to come, well, golly! The City of Albuquerque, New Mexico settled for $142,000 with someone suspected of car theft, who said, he was the victim of excessive force. Anybody heard anything about former NASA contractor Edward Snowden, or former Culver City City Attorney Norm Herring? Mayor Bill Finch of New Haven, Connecticut got the endorsement a while back of the local Democrats in his bid for a third term. Finch has been facing a strong challenge from a former mayor, Joseph Ganim, who is making a comeback after serving seven years in prison for corruption. Senator James Lankford (R-OKLA) recently released information on government grants: 1. The National Science Foundation $1.2 million grant to teach robots how to pick out outfits for and how to dress the elderly. 2. The $48,500 National Institutes for Health grant to study the use of tobacco in Russia. 3. The Defense Department $288, 000 grant to study the gnatcatcher in California. The Senator is also trying to pass his Taxpayers’ Right to Know Act, which would establish a central database of all financial data of every federal program. Mother always said, “Neil, remember money doesn’t grow on trees,” and was she ever right. Frankly speaking, if I was in the Department of Justice, we would have the first co-ed cell block for the thieves who worked at the local branches of Wells Fargo, and the guilty big shots would go to Sing Sing. Yes, I read the bank was fined $185 million or so, but when you make billions, their fine was small potatoes. Move all your assets to a safe place and start sleeping well again.. When you drive through Beverly Hills be sure to cruise Carolwood Drive and stop at Barbra Streisand’s former estate at 301. Listed for only $150 million, it may have been sold by now. It has 38,000 square feet, a water wall, a lounge, wine room, movie theater, a separate valet entrance for guests with parking for more than 50 vehicles, and a garage for another ten cars. The master suite is approximately 5,300 square feet including a private heated covered patio. Don’t worry if you are short a million or two – you can always get a 30-year fixed mortgage at Wells Fargo bank. Officials in New Jersey say 7,827 criminal cases are now in question after a lab technician with the state police allegedly faked the result in a drug case. The technician, Kamalkant Shah, was suspended but never charged with any crime, per the August/September 2016 Reason Magazine. Want to know more about the spies of the CIA and KGB, then read the Phantom Menace starting on page 26 of the November 2016 issue of the Smithsonian. It was very frightening, to say the least. For those who missed an article, all my commentaries can be found at http://www.culvercityobserver.com by placing Rubenstein in the website’s search box. MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed Get Ready Ram Fans: Gof... Fred Altieri Will The Culver Sanitat... Neil Rubenstein Clinton Beats Trump in ... Stephen Hadland Clippers, Lakers Start ... Mitch Chortkoff George Petrelli's Tradi... MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed No comments have been posted You might be interested in: How Will Culver City Honor Kirk Douglas' 100th Birthday? Mayor Clarke Explains Culver City Ballot Measures Here's Some Important Culver Financial Information Columnist Has His Eyes On Las Vegas Dear Editor,   Reader Comments (0) Add your comment       Culver City Observer | 4346 S. Sepulveda Blvd., Culver City, CA 90230 Ph: (310) 503-4145 | info@culvercityobserver.com | www.culvercityobserver.com Content and information copyright 2016 Arizona Newspaper Group, Inc. Powered by ROAR Online Publication Software © Copyright 2016 Lions Light Corp. — Software for newspapers & magazines Sitemap | Privacy | Terms of Use | Submit Content | Mobile Browser Rendered 11/17/2016 18:49
null
Skip to navigation Skip to content Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Stereotype-defying Trump voters have no regrets India’s tough stance on Dutch trade deal fuels EU fears China pledges to lead the way on global trade Putin’s delight at Trump win may soon wither Trump demands apology from ‘Hamilton’ cast US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Stereotype-defying Trump voters have no regrets Putin’s delight at Trump win may soon wither Trump demands apology from ‘Hamilton’ cast Trump marks the end of America as world’s ‘indispensable nation’ Trump picks hardliners to head DoJ and CIA Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read House prices speed up London exodus Jared Kushner, favoured son-in-law of Donald Trump Mark Zuckerberg responds to criticism over fake news on Facebook BT has second-worst funded pension scheme in the world China braced for impact of property slowdown Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Big market question: has it been too far, too fast post-Trump? The ingredients of the Trump economic cocktail Wall Street eases as dollar hits 13-year highs Trump risks market backlash if institutions damaged Why states struggle to repatriate looted assets Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read I’m leaving and I want you to join me Trump marks the end of America as world’s ‘indispensable nation’ Denmark: UK ally takes hard Brexit line Jared Kushner, favoured son-in-law of Donald Trump Higher borrowing is the key to Philip Hammond’s Autumn Statement Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read I’m leaving and I want you to join me Google Home — a better virtual assistant Divorce can galvanise a career as well as ruin it Estée Lauder applies millennial makeover FT Executive MBA Ranking 2016 Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Most Read Donatella Versace — and friends — unveil her new hotel, a palazzo amid the sands of Dubai Lunch with the FT: Ali al-Naimi on two decades as Saudi’s oil king Trump: a liberal loser responds Is San Francisco’s Castro district losing its gay identity? A Donald Trump-inspired plan to make my home great again Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: GKN to shut Yeovil helicopter plant with loss of 230 jobs Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 9.75 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital Limited Time Offer $ 4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Feedback Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition UK Edition Search the FT Search Top sections Home Show more World links World World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Show more US links US US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Show more Companies links Companies Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Show more Markets links Markets fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Show more Opinion links Opinion Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Show more Work & Careers links Work & Careers Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Show more Life & Arts links Life & Arts House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Show more Personal Finance links Personal Finance Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com AIA Announces Board Elections for 2017 ARLINGTON, Va., Nov. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — The Aerospace Industries Association today elected Boeing Chairman, President and CEO Dennis A. Muilenburg to serve as 2017 Chairman of AIA’s Board of Governors. Muilenburg will succeed Lockheed Martin Chairman, President and CEO Marillyn Hewson who serves as 2016 Chair. Raytheon Chairman and CEO Thomas A. Kennedy will serve as 2017 Vice Chairman. David F. Melcher was reappointed as President and CEO and Ginette C. Colot was reappointed as Secretary‑Treasurer. “With a new Congress and Administration, 2017 is going to be an important year for AIA and our ongoing efforts to shape public policy,” Muilenburg said. “As incoming chair, I look forward to working with our members to remind regulators, elected officials, the general public and other stakeholders about the important—and indispensable—role aerospace and manufacturing play in sustaining the U.S. economy and exports, driving innovation and technology, and creating good jobs.” As the voice of American aerospace and defense, AIA advocates for policies and responsible budgets that keep our country strong, bolster our capacity to innovate, and spur our economic growth. Our top unifying efforts for 2017 will be: “We welcome the election of Dennis Muilenberg to serve as AIA’s chair in 2017,” said AIA President and CEO David F. Melcher. “Since joining our Executive Committee in 2012, Dennis served in a variety of positions, including as Vice Chair in 2016. He brings a unique perspective, as Boeing is a leader across all sectors of our industry – civil aviation, defense and space. We look forward to working with him in 2017 to achieve our industry’s priorities.” Founded in 1919 shortly after the birth of flight, the Aerospace Industries Association is the most authoritative and influential trade association representing the nation’s leading manufacturers and suppliers of civil, military and business aircraft, helicopters, unmanned aircraft systems, space systems, aircraft engines, homeland and cybersecurity systems, materiel and related components, equipment services and information technology.   SOURCE Aerospace Industries Association Author: Monika Donimirska Editor View all posts by Monika Donimirska Author Monika DonimirskaPosted on November 17, 2016November 18, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Swapalease.com Unveils Inaugural Quarterly Auto Lease Trends Report Next Next post: CrowdReviews.com Urges Buyers of Email Marketing Software to Select Reviewed Companies Search for: Search Recent Posts Syria: Senior UN relief officials 'appalled' by escalation of fighting; call for unconditional humanitarian access Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Melbourne Moving Company pledges $10,000 to help domestic violence victims this December Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Trump's defense spending plan could spur private-sector job creation CNBC 3 days ago Jeff Daniels Click to expand Replay Video New figures show bad news for Wells Fargo Embattled bank Wells Fargo announced this week that new account openings fell by 44 percent in the month October and new credit card applications have fallen by over 50 percent. New figures released show that foot traffic to branches is also down, with "branch banker interactions" down 22 percent from 2015. The figures come in the wake of a sales practice scandal that triggered multiple lawsuits, an enormous $185 million fine and the resignation of the company's longtime CEO John Stumpf. Wochit Business Amazon's new ad: A response to anti-Muslim rhetoric Amazon's latest commercial targets anti-Muslim rhetoric by highlighting commonalities between a priest and an imam. CNN Money 'Amityville Horror' house sells for $850,000 The house that inspired the 1979 horror film “The Amityville Horror” has reportedly been sold after a listing of $850,00. The 5,000 square-foot home, which was built in 1927, boasts five bedrooms, three-and-a-half bathrooms, a boathouse and a slip and supposedly, plenty of demons. According to real estate site Redfin, the seller bought the property back in 2010 for $950,000, way below the asking price $1.15 million. Wochit News PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Trump's economic vision CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next New figures show bad news for Wells Fargo Wochit Business0:51 Amazon's new ad: A response to anti-Muslim rhetoric CNN Money1:03 'Amityville Horror' house sells for $850,000 Wochit News0:45 One man in Georgia might have been inflating chicken prices nationwide Newsy1:07 Lego opens its biggest store in the world in London The Wall Street Journal.1:08 5 tips to help you save this holiday season Entrepreneur2:46 Trump says he helped keep Ford plant from moving CNBC0:38 McDonald's CEO: We are modernizing your burger experience CNN Money3:13 Volkswagen shedding 30,000 jobs Wochit Business0:39 How Trump's policies will impact IPOs Bloomberg3:28 Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' CNN Money2:36 Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security CNBC1:43 Alaska's pot businesses must pay taxes in cash Wochit Business0:43 Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House The Street0:59 South Africa game industry counts drought costs Reuters1:42 Trump's family matters: Mixing business, government Bloomberg2:38 UP NEXT President-elect Donald Trump wants a U.S. military with more ships, more troops and more aircraft, but getting it won't be easy, even with a Republican Congress. Still, the ambitious plan could translate into more jobs in the private sector from coast to coast. It could include work not only in building new fighter jets and missiles, but in shipyards in Virginia and elsewhere. Quotes in the article General Dynamics Corp GD ▲ 166.62 +0.99 +0.60% Science Applications International Corp SAIC ▲ 79.49 +0.44 +0.56% BAE Systems PLC BA. ▼ 593.50 -3.50 -0.59% Mantech International Corp MANT ▲ 43.50 +0.13 +0.30% "The Trump plan — at least what we know of it so far — is probably so positive for defense overall that there's probably many more winners than there are individual losers," said Roman Schweizer, a defense analyst at Cowen. Still, some industry observers suggest the new administration might place more emphasis on controlling costs by stressing the need for better terms, which would save the Pentagon money but could work against the defense contractors. Analysts estimate Trump's defense plan, which was disclosed during a national security policy speech in Philadelphia on Sept. 7, could add upwards of $250 billion more to U.S. military spending over the next four years, with a portion coming from freeing up funds from nondefense programs. Trump said he will ask Congress to repeal sequestration, which is a relic of a debt ceiling compromise reached in 2011. "Republicans are divided on the budget caps," said Todd Harrison, a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic & International Studies, a Washington-based think tank. "You have defense hawks who want to increase defense spending and then you've got fiscal hawks who want to keep spending low." Harrison said the Trump defense plan is "somewhere between 3 percent and 6 percent annual growth above inflation" and at the high end would be in line with the defense buildup we saw in the early 1980s under Ronald Reagan. Trump hasn't offered much detail on his defense plans beyond his September address. Here are five major things we know now and how it could potentially impact different defense-related companies: More ships: Trump's Navy plan calls for 350 surface ships and submarines, up from 276 today and above the Pentagon's current target of 308 ships over the next 10 years. "Clearly shipbuilding is one sector that will benefit," said Cowen's Schweizer, a former acquisition professional with the Navy's Littoral Combat Ship program. The analyst said the companies with the biggest potential exposure to Trump's planned ship build-up are major defense contractor General Dynamics (GD), shipbuilder Huntington Ingalls (HII) and BWX Technologies (BWXT), a maker of nuclear reactors for aircraft carriers and submarines. An acceleration of Navy shipbuilding also could result in tens of thousands of new private-sector jobs created in shipyards on both coasts. It's unclear how many of the new submarines would be created, but the Navy's current submarine fleet stands at just over 50 and had been projected to fall to 41 boats in 2029, according to the Congressional Research Service. As for carriers, the Navy has 10 in service and the $13 billion USS Gerald Ford will soon joining the others. "We believe the U.S. should have 13 carriers to meet our security obligations," said Tom Spoehr, a retired Army lieutenant general and director of the Heritage Foundation's Center for National Defense. More aircraft: Trump's Air Force would consist of at least 1,200 fighters, up from the present 1,113. Trump pointed out the average age of the current Air Force fleet is around 27 years and includes B-52 bombers, which were introduced in the 1950s. All indications are the B-21 long-range strike bomber that went to Northrop Grumman (NOC) is safe. The Air Force lifted its stop-work order on the $80 billion stealth bomber in February after the government denied a protest from Boeing (BA). Lockheed Martin's (LMT) F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, a fifth-generation fighter program costing nearly $400 billion, is the most advanced aircraft in the U.S. military. Yet Trump hasn't always been a big fan of the program. Last year, he criticized the F-35 as "not very good." Lockheed has been having meetings with Trump's transition team to discuss the F-35 and head off any attempts to downsize the program. Other partners on the F-35 program are Northrop and BAE Systems (BA.-GB). "If you pull the plug on that (F-35 program) it's going to be 15 years before we have something else to put in its place," said David Ochmanek, senior defense research analyst at the RAND think tank and a former deputy assistant secretary of defense in two presidential administrations. "That would be a seismic thing to disrupt." More troops: Trump's Army would consist of around 540,000 active-duty troops, a figure he indicated the Army's chief of staff has sought. "We now have only 31 brigade combat teams, or 490,000 troops, and only one-third of combat teams are considered combat-ready," Trump said in September. The Marine Corps also would be expanded under the Trump plan, going from 23 battalions today to 36, or around 10,000 more Marines. That's a figure the billionaire said the Heritage Foundation indicated was the minimum number needed to comfortably "deal with major contingencies." "The funding increases would pay for soldiers and not equipment, and would therefore be of minor benefit to hardware manufacturers," said Credit Suisse analyst Robert Spingarn. Still, the analyst believes there's some upside for larger munitions firms such as General Dynamics and Orbital ATK (OA'WI), as well as for missile companies such as Lockheed, Raytheon (RTN) and Boeing. Trump also pledged in his Philadelphia address that he would "seek to develop a state-of-the-art missile defense system" and modernize the Navy's cruisers with ballistic missile defense capability. He charged that under the previous two Democratic presidents the nation's "ballistic missile defense capability has been degraded." Cyberwarfare: There's also a pressing need to "invest heavily in offensive cyber capabilities to disrupt our enemies, including terrorists," according to Trump. The president-elect wants to make new investments in the cyber area that will both modernize the military's capabilities as well as lead to new job creation in the private sector. This could help IT and cyber-related government service companies such as Booz Allen Hamilton (BAH), ManTech (MANT) and Science Applications International (SAIC). Trump also indicated that one of his first directives after taking office will be to ask the Joint Chiefs of Staff and some other departments to conduct reviews of cyberdefense capabilities for the purpose of identifying all vulnerabilities. Burden sharing: Another defense issue Trump has addressed several times is the desire to have allies share more of the financial burden for security rather than American taxpayers. The U.S. has various treaties such as NATO and arrangements with Asian countries that provide for help against possible aggression. Yet some believe the current arrangement of helping with weapons sales may actually reward the U.S. with economies of scale. Raytheon is considered one of the most exposed major defense contractors in terms of international military business. "These same agreements allow for sales of major weapons systems which lowers the average cost to the U.S. military," said Howard Rubel, a defense industry analyst at Jefferies. "Based on current rhetoric, the new administration does not understand this subtle benefit, nor the benefit of interoperable weapons from radios to warplanes." Go to MSN Home More in Markets Trump's name is everywhere, but what does he actually own? The Motley Fool Canada manufacturers put U.S. ahead of Mexico if NAFTA ends Reuters Many for-profit college grads earn less than minimum wage Bloomberg Economy seen growing 3.6% in fourth quarter: Atlanta Fed Reuters Bond market's losses may hit retirees the hardest MarketWatch Average US 30-year mortgage rate jumps to 3.94 percent Associated Press Up Next Scratch-off lottery tickets are getting outrageously expensive Baltimore Sun AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
null
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 39° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Mainly sunny. High 46F. Winds light and variable.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 29F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 20, 2016 @ 10:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Political Fix Close Associated Press In this image provided by the U.S. Navy a F/A-18F Super Hornet attached to the Fighting Black Lions of Strike Fighter Squadron lands aboard the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush in the Persian Gulf on Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014, after conducting strike missions against Islamic State group targets in Syria. (AP Photo/U.S. Navy, Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Brian Stephens) Funding for a dozen more Super Hornets probably not going to materialize in '16 By Chuck Raasch St. Louis Post-Dispatch Chuck Raasch Nov 17, 2016 (…) Associated Press In this image provided by the U.S. Navy a F/A-18F Super Hornet attached to the Fighting Black Lions of Strike Fighter Squadron lands aboard the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush in the Persian Gulf on Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014, after conducting strike missions against Islamic State group targets in Syria. (AP Photo/U.S. Navy, Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Brian Stephens) WASHINGTON • An extra dozen or more F/A-18E Super Hornets that Missouri’s congressional delegation hoped to get in this year’s defense spending will likely not happen, the victim of the Republican Congress’ decision to delay more substantive spending decisions until after President-elect Donald Trump takes office. That was the word from Missouri's congressional delegation late Thursday, as Congress leans toward the end of business next month.  It’s unclear what priorities the Trump administration will have that affect future construction of the plane, which is built by Boeing in St. Louis. An agreement to fund the government into March is expected to pass before this current Congress adjourns contains funding for two planes Additional Super Hornets are on the Navy’s wish list, and defense appropriations bills that had been working their way through Congress had as much as an extra $3 billion for a dozen more. But with Trump about to take over the presidency and work with a Republican Congress, appropriations bills are deferring to more stop-gap decision to keep government funded at current levels. The fallout sparked finger-pointing in the Missouri delegation, with Rep. Ann Wagner, R-Ballwin, issuing a press release criticizing Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., for not being able to push for more planes as a negotiator on the National Defense Authorization Act. Democrats and Republicans have fought over how to treat payment of overseas wars on the defense-spending books. Wagner, in a statement, blamed the Democratic position on that issue for waylaying other defense-spending decisions, including on the Hornet. Democrats have accused Republicans of using overseas war funds to get around agreed-to limitations in defense spending. Pointing out that the Navy believes the planes are necessary in a dangerous world, Wagner said in a statement: “Senate NDAA (negotiators) – including a member of the Missouri delegation – should know the implications of this decision are far too grave for not only our men and women in uniform, but for our local economy and jobs in St. Louis.” But McCaskill spokesman John LaBombard said that the ultimate decision to fund the additional planes could have come in appropriations bills, not the blueprint authorization act that McCaskill was helping to shape. “Claire is not an appropriator,” LaBombard said. “There is one reason why we don’t have a defense appropriations bill, and that is because Mike Pence and Donald Trump don’t want” one. He said that “by March we will have heard what then-President Trump and Republican leaders want to do with the budget process.” At that point, the debate over the need for the additional planes could re-appear. Political Fix from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Be informed. Get our free political newsletter featuring local and national updates and analysis. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Chuck Raasch • 202-298-6880 @craasch on Twitter craasch@post-dispatch.com Tags Federal Budget Super Hornet Boeing Ann Wagner Claire Mccaskill Donald Trump Chuck Raasch Chuck Raasch is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Chuck Raasch Close Get email notifications on Chuck Raasch daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Chuck Raasch posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Chuck Raasch Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Missouri statewide results County-by-county: Missouri's top races St. Louis County results St. Louis City Results St. Charles County results Jefferson County results Illinois statewide results Madison County results St. Clair County results U.S. results: President, Congress Latest in section McClellan: Against the current again Along for the Ride: Restrooms on wish lists for three MetroLink stations St. Louis lawmakers cautious on soccer stadium plan as financial details remain scarce Coroners aren't ordinarily memorable, but Rick Stone was no ordinary coroner Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Quick links Candidate profiles Current Affairs Fundraising Press releases Voters guide Most popular Confined to bed, disabled former Rock Hill police officer feels forgotten Carjackers lead police on high-speed chase from Wentzville to Maryland Heights Two students with St. Louis ties are among new Rhodes Scholars Wentzville man shoved fingers in throat of infant son to stop his crying, police say Man found shot to death in vehicle in St. Louis Data and maps Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Search City of St. Louis building permits Searchable database: Money in Missouri politics Does your legislator accept lobbyist gifts? See how much St. Louis CEOs are paid Do you know a woman of achievement? Get this St. Louis collectible from the Post-Dispatch Store See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe to Businessweek 3 2 Trump Appears to Zero In on ‘Mad Dog’ Mattis to Lead Defense China Flips Roles With U.S. in Trump Era With Rebukes on Policy Xi, Obama Stress Stable Relations Important at ‘Hinge’ Moment Trump Says His Potential Hires Are ‘Really Talented People’ Trump’s Latest Staff Choices Reflect Campaign’s Firebrand Theme Sara Armstrong Named CEO of U.S Presidential Inaugural Committee Full Show: With All Due Respect (11/18/16) Trump’s Pick for Attorney General Scoffed at ‘Too Big to Fail’ Sen. Hatch Says Trump ‘Softening’ Views on Trade The Left Braces: How Will Conservatives Govern in 2017? Trump University $25 Million Deal Heads Off Fraud Trial Vilsack Wake-Up Call To Democrats: Ignore Rural Voters and Lose U.S. House Votes to Stop Sales of Boeing Jetliners to Iran Laura Litvan LauraLitvan November 17, 2016 — 12:03 PM EST Updated on November 17, 2016 — 12:52 PM EST Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mail Republican bill focuses on company’s ability to finance sales Move reflects GOP’s anger over deal lifting Iran sanctions Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mail The House voted Thursday to effectively block Boeing Co. from selling or leasing jetliners to Iran, reflecting broad Republican opposition to the Obama administration’s Iran nuclear deal that allows the transaction involving 109 aircraft worth as much as $25 billion. The 243-174 vote was largely along party lines and comes despite a White House veto threat. The measure would prevent the Treasury Department from authorizing U.S. bank transactions for sales of aircraft to Iran and would bar the U.S. Export-Import Bank from financing any exports to that country. Boeing shares dropped on the news, falling 1.8 percent to $145.40 at 12:50 pm. “The world’s greatest state sponsor of terror should not be aided by the U.S. taxpayer, by our banking system, in order to finance planes that we really don’t know they’re going to do with them,” Republican Representative Bob Dold of Illinois said Wednesday on the House floor. Republicans in Congress strongly oppose the 2015 agreement between the U.S. and five other nations, including Russia, that is designed to stop Tehran from developing nuclear weapons. Iran agreed to redesign and reduce its nuclear facilities in exchange for relief from economic sanctions. Opposition in Congress gained traction with the election victory of President-elect Donald Trump, who has said he wants to tear up or renegotiate the deal. Boeing won U.S. approval in September to sell its first jetliners to Iran in nearly 40 years. The Treasury Department’s decision paved the way for the biggest business deal between the U.S. and Iran since the 1979 Islamic Revolution and the U.S. hostage crisis. Boeing’s last airplane deliveries to Iran consisted of 747 jumbos that arrived in 1977, two years before the revolution, according to the company’s website. Earlier this week, the House passed a bill, H.R. 6297, that also pushes back against the international accord by extending economic sanctions against Iran through 2026. The administration has waived the sanctions as part of the implementation of the nuclear agreement. There’s little reason to think the measure passed Thursday, H.R. 5711, will advance much further during this congressional session. Senator Marco Rubio, a Florida Republican, introduced a similar bill that would block the Ex-Im Bank from providing financing related to Iran. The measure, S. 3138, hasn’t gotten a vote in the Senate Banking Committee. Veto Threat The White House said in a statement this week that Obama would veto the House measure. It is “profoundly in the national security interest of the United States” to keep commitments made in the Iran nuclear accord as long as Tehran keeps its promises, the administration’s statement said. The administration said the restriction on Ex-Im financing was unacceptable. “The sweeping and vague nature of this provision would have a chilling effect on U.S. and non-U.S. entities seeking to engage in permissible business with Iran,” the White House said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Iran Markets Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com Union Pacific Corporation Elects Deborah Chase Hopkins to Board of Directors “Debby brings an entrepreneurial mindset, relevant multi-industry experience and excellent leadership attributes to our board,” said Lance Fritz, Union Pacific chairman, president and chief executive officer. “We are delighted she has agreed to join our board of directors.” Hopkins joined Citi in New York in 2003 as head of corporate strategy. She later was appointed chief operations and technology officer. As a senior advisor to Citi’s Investment Bank, she focused on winning tech IPOs. She co-founded Citi Women and played a key role in developing programs for high potential women at Citi. Prior to joining Citi, Hopkins served as chief financial officer at Boeing and then Lucent Technologies; was general auditor of General Motors before being named vice president of finance at GM Europe in Zurich; and was corporate controller at Unisys. Hopkins started her career at Ford Motor Company. She previously served five years on the board of DuPont and nearly six years on the board of Qlik Technologies before it was taken private in August 2016. She serves on the advisory boards of Riverwood Capital and Stanford Technology Ventures Program, and is an executive fellow at the University of California Berkeley’s Haas School of Business. Fortune twice placed Hopkins in its top 10 most powerful women in business list, and she has been on the Institutional Investor’s Top 50 list every year since 2011. A graduate of Walsh College in Troy, Michigan, Hopkins holds honorary doctorate degrees from Westminster College in Fulton, Missouri, and Walsh College. About Union Pacific Union Pacific Railroad is the principal operating company of Union Pacific Corporation (NYSE: UNP). One of America’s most recognized companies, Union Pacific Railroad connects 23 states in the western two-thirds of the country by rail, providing a critical link in the global supply chain. From 2006-2015, Union Pacific invested approximately $33 billion in its network and operations to support America’s transportation infrastructure. The railroad’s diversified business mix includes Agricultural Products, Automotive, Chemicals, Coal, Industrial Products and Intermodal. Union Pacific serves many of the fastest-growing U.S. population centers, operates from all major West Coast and Gulf Coast ports to eastern gateways, connects with Canada’s rail systems and is the only railroad serving all six major Mexico gateways. Union Pacific provides value to its roughly 10,000 customers by delivering products in a safe, reliable, fuel-efficient and environmentally responsible manner. Logo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20110304/LA59497LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/union-pacific-corporation-elects-deborah-chase-hopkins-to-board-of-directors-300365358.html SOURCE Union Pacific Corporation Author: Monika Donimirska Editor View all posts by Monika Donimirska Author Monika DonimirskaPosted on November 17, 2016November 17, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Safe and Sound During the Holidays Next Next post: Verizon launches the HP Elite x2 tablet; perfect for mobile workforces Search for: Search Recent Posts Syria: Senior UN relief officials 'appalled' by escalation of fighting; call for unconditional humanitarian access Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Melbourne Moving Company pledges $10,000 to help domestic violence victims this December Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Union Pacific Corporation Elects Deborah Chase Hopkins to Board of Directors News provided by Union Pacific Corporation Nov 17, 2016, 14:45 ET Share this article OMAHA, Neb., Nov. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Union Pacific Corporation today announced that Deborah Chase Hopkins has been elected to the company's board of directors, effective Jan. 1, 2017. Hopkins, 62, is the founder and chief executive officer of Citi Ventures and Citi's chief innovation officer. Based in Silicon Valley, Citi Ventures has implemented a systematic approach to discovering and launching new growth initiatives in partnership with Citi's business units. In addition to financial services, Hopkins has experience in the automotive, aerospace, telecommunications and information technology industries. She plans to retire from Citi at the end of this year. "Debby brings an entrepreneurial mindset, relevant multi-industry experience and excellent leadership attributes to our board," said Lance Fritz, Union Pacific chairman, president and chief executive officer. "We are delighted she has agreed to join our board of directors." Hopkins joined Citi in New York in 2003 as head of corporate strategy. She later was appointed chief operations and technology officer. As a senior advisor to Citi's Investment Bank, she focused on winning tech IPOs. She co-founded Citi Women and played a key role in developing programs for high potential women at Citi. Prior to joining Citi, Hopkins served as chief financial officer at Boeing and then Lucent Technologies; was general auditor of General Motors before being named vice president of finance at GM Europe in Zurich; and was corporate controller at Unisys. Hopkins started her career at Ford Motor Company. She previously served five years on the board of DuPont and nearly six years on the board of Qlik Technologies before it was taken private in August 2016. She serves on the advisory boards of Riverwood Capital and Stanford Technology Ventures Program, and is an executive fellow at the University of California Berkeley's Haas School of Business. Fortune twice placed Hopkins in its top 10 most powerful women in business list, and she has been on the Institutional Investor's Top 50 list every year since 2011. A graduate of Walsh College in Troy, Michigan, Hopkins holds honorary doctorate degrees from Westminster College in Fulton, Missouri, and Walsh College. About Union Pacific Union Pacific Railroad is the principal operating company of Union Pacific Corporation (NYSE: UNP). One of America's most recognized companies, Union Pacific Railroad connects 23 states in the western two-thirds of the country by rail, providing a critical link in the global supply chain. From 2006-2015, Union Pacific invested approximately $33 billion in its network and operations to support America's transportation infrastructure. The railroad's diversified business mix includes Agricultural Products, Automotive, Chemicals, Coal, Industrial Products and Intermodal. Union Pacific serves many of the fastest-growing U.S. population centers, operates from all major West Coast and Gulf Coast ports to eastern gateways, connects with Canada's rail systems and is the only railroad serving all six major Mexico gateways. Union Pacific provides value to its roughly 10,000 customers by delivering products in a safe, reliable, fuel-efficient and environmentally responsible manner. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20110304/LA59497LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/union-pacific-corporation-elects-deborah-chase-hopkins-to-board-of-directors-300365358.html SOURCE Union Pacific Corporation Nov 17, 2016, 14:17 ET Preview: Union Pacific Corporation Announces New Share Repurchase Authorization and a 10 Percent Dividend Increase for Fourth Quarter 2016 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 17, 2016, 14:17 ETUnion Pacific Corporation Announces New Share Repurchase... Nov 01, 2016, 08:00 ETUnion Pacific Corporation CFO Rob Knight to Address the Stephens... Explore More news releases in similar topics Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Personnel Announcements You just read: Union Pacific Corporation Elects Deborah Chase Hopkins to Board of Directors News provided by Union Pacific Corporation Nov 17, 2016, 14:45 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 18,868 -35.89 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,322 -12.46 -0.23% S&P 500 2,182 -5.22 -0.24% 12:52 P.M. ET India Train Derailment Kills Dozens 12:05 P.M. ET Trump challenge: Get businesses to invest again 12:00 P.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 11:53 A.M. ET Updated Charlie Munger and Donald Trump agree in these 3 ways 11:50 A.M. ET Opinion Why Black Friday sales are not for the truly frugal 11:30 A.M. ET Updated Why the gap between minority and white college graduates is growing 10:55 A.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 10:55 A.M. ET Updated This $4,000 robot could end your days of shoveling snow 9:54 A.M. ET Bannon: With negative interest rates around world, ‘rebuild everything’ 9:00 A.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 8:56 A.M. ET Tim Ryan to challenge Nancy Pelosi for House minority leader 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Here’s an Apple supplier whose stock may soar in 2017 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: The Trump effect by industry | Body implants to improve your senses | How to refuse holiday guests 7:46 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 5:00 A.M. ET 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains 11/19 Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 11/19 Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 11/19 Updated Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Union Pacific Corporation Elects Deborah Chase Hopkins to Board of Directors By Published: Nov 17, 2016 2:45 p.m. ET Share OMAHA, Neb., Nov. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Union Pacific Corporation today announced that Deborah Chase Hopkins has been elected to the company's board of directors, effective Jan. 1, 2017. Hopkins, 62, is the founder and chief executive officer of Citi Ventures and Citi's chief innovation officer. Based in Silicon Valley, Citi Ventures has implemented a systematic approach to discovering and launching new growth initiatives in partnership with Citi's business units. In addition to financial services, Hopkins has experience in the automotive, aerospace, telecommunications and information technology industries. She plans to retire from Citi at the end of this year. "Debby brings an entrepreneurial mindset, relevant multi-industry experience and excellent leadership attributes to our board," said Lance Fritz, Union Pacific chairman, president and chief executive officer. "We are delighted she has agreed to join our board of directors." Hopkins joined Citi in New York in 2003 as head of corporate strategy. She later was appointed chief operations and technology officer. As a senior advisor to Citi's Investment Bank, she focused on winning tech IPOs. She co-founded Citi Women and played a key role in developing programs for high potential women at Citi. Prior to joining Citi, Hopkins served as chief financial officer at Boeing and then Lucent Technologies; was general auditor of General Motors before being named vice president of finance at GM Europe in Zurich; and was corporate controller at Unisys. Hopkins started her career at Ford Motor Company. She previously served five years on the board of DuPont and nearly six years on the board of Qlik Technologies before it was taken private in August 2016. She serves on the advisory boards of Riverwood Capital and Stanford Technology Ventures Program, and is an executive fellow at the University of California Berkeley'sHaas School of Business. Fortune twice placed Hopkins in its top 10 most powerful women in business list, and she has been on the Institutional Investor's Top 50 list every year since 2011. A graduate of Walsh College in Troy, Michigan, Hopkins holds honorary doctorate degrees from Westminster College in Fulton, Missouri, and Walsh College. About Union PacificUnion Pacific Railroad is the principal operating company of Union Pacific Corporation UNP, +1.03% One of America's most recognized companies, Union Pacific Railroad connects 23 states in the western two-thirds of the country by rail, providing a critical link in the global supply chain. From 2006-2015, Union Pacific invested approximately $33 billion in its network and operations to support America's transportation infrastructure. The railroad's diversified business mix includes Agricultural Products, Automotive, Chemicals, Coal, Industrial Products and Intermodal. Union Pacific serves many of the fastest-growing U.S. population centers, operates from all major West Coast and Gulf Coast ports to eastern gateways, connects with Canada's rail systems and is the only railroad serving all six major Mexico gateways. Union Pacific provides value to its roughly 10,000 customers by delivering products in a safe, reliable, fuel-efficient and environmentally responsible manner. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20110304/LA59497LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/union-pacific-corporation-elects-deborah-chase-hopkins-to-board-of-directors-300365358.html SOURCE Union Pacific Corporation Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Union Pacific Corp. U.S.: NYSE: UNP $99.83 +1.02 (+1.03%) Volume 3.6M Open $98.93 High $100.00 Low $98.60 P/E Ratio 19.97 Div Yield 2.42 Market Cap 82.3B LatestNews
Home Categories Domain Sales Domain Services Domain Registrars Domain Parking Expired Domains We Get It Policy & Law Uncategorized Podcasts About Advertise Disclosures      Domain Name Wire | Domain Name News & Views Domain Name Industry News and Views Featured Domains When the domain you need is taken... Boeing’s fight against “Newborn” domain names by Andrew Allemann — November 17, 2016 Policy & Law 4 Comments Can flagging new domain names help stop the spread of malware? We all get emails with links that go to phishing and malware sites. There’s one thing in common with most of the domains hosting this bad stuff: they were registered a short time ago. In fact, many malware networks are programmed to frequently register new domain names to keep one step ahead of blacklists*. Boeing (NYSE:BA), a company that is certainly a target for malware attacks, has come up with a creative solution to weed out these potentially harmful links without relying on out-of-date URL blacklists. In a patent application (pdf) filed last year and publised by the U.S. Patent and Trademark office today, the company outlines a way to flag links in emails from what it calls “newborn” domains. Basically, a service will ping whois to check the registration date of any domain names linked to within an email. If they are within a set timeframe, the email server could remediate risk by disabling the link, providing a warning to the recipient, or not delivering the email. It’s an amazingly simple idea that I hope is put into commercial use. * On the same day Boeing filed its patent application, Cisco filed one (pdf) for detecting domain names registered as part of these systems. Tweet Email Learn more... Microsoft registers domains to thwart botnets Cheap domain names are spammers’ favorites Spamming owners of newly registered domain names 4 Comments Tags: boeing, malware, NYSE:BA, spam Comments John Berryhill says November 17, 2016 at 4:09 pm It looks like they were pretty quick on the draw within a few weeks after Paul Vixie presented this: https://www.rsaconference.com/writable/presentations/file_upload/hta-r02-domain-name-abuse-how-cheap-new-domain-names-fuel-the-ecrime-economy_final.pdf Reply Andrew Allemann says November 17, 2016 at 9:47 pm Huh. Perhaps that’s where Cisco got its idea as well Reply Drewbert says November 18, 2016 at 12:04 am Another example of patenting the bleedin’ obvious. My mail server just downright blackholes anything from .xyz and a few of the other domains that are sold at a discount and are used for not much else other than spamming. .top .download .date .bid .men and .stream spring to mind. Reply Josh says November 18, 2016 at 12:20 pm How long until hackers start phishing with using domains bought for $5 at GoDaddy Closeouts or other discount domain marketplaces? Would bypass the age problem nicely for them, no? Every domain at GD Closeout is at least a year old and many much older with a history of legitimate email usage. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Archives Archives Select Month November 2016  (36) October 2016  (57) September 2016  (65) August 2016  (67) July 2016  (56) June 2016  (67) May 2016  (74) April 2016  (74) March 2016  (78) February 2016  (78) January 2016  (63) December 2015  (72) November 2015  (71) October 2015  (81) September 2015  (80) August 2015  (72) July 2015  (70) June 2015  (79) May 2015  (69) April 2015  (76) March 2015  (75) February 2015  (73) January 2015  (65) December 2014  (68) November 2014  (72) October 2014  (82) September 2014  (78) August 2014  (72) July 2014  (80) June 2014  (83) May 2014  (73) April 2014  (78) March 2014  (85) February 2014  (92) January 2014  (96) December 2013  (71) November 2013  (77) October 2013  (96) September 2013  (81) August 2013  (104) July 2013  (101) June 2013  (82) May 2013  (92) April 2013  (92) March 2013  (74) February 2013  (74) January 2013  (73) December 2012  (56) November 2012  (69) October 2012  (75) September 2012  (65) August 2012  (68) July 2012  (73) June 2012  (105) May 2012  (102) April 2012  (83) March 2012  (83) February 2012  (79) January 2012  (111) December 2011  (80) November 2011  (84) October 2011  (82) September 2011  (92) August 2011  (91) July 2011  (91) June 2011  (110) May 2011  (94) April 2011  (80) March 2011  (94) February 2011  (93) January 2011  (80) December 2010  (87) November 2010  (74) October 2010  (70) September 2010  (107) August 2010  (97) July 2010  (83) June 2010  (101) May 2010  (100) April 2010  (109) March 2010  (111) February 2010  (110) January 2010  (99) December 2009  (75) November 2009  (94) October 2009  (102) September 2009  (85) August 2009  (94) July 2009  (88) June 2009  (92) May 2009  (92) April 2009  (100) March 2009  (114) February 2009  (90) January 2009  (78) December 2008  (58) November 2008  (73) October 2008  (77) September 2008  (76) August 2008  (58) July 2008  (66) June 2008  (53) May 2008  (48) April 2008  (39) March 2008  (43) February 2008  (37) January 2008  (34) December 2007  (24) November 2007  (31) October 2007  (32) September 2007  (25) August 2007  (29) July 2007  (28) June 2007  (28) May 2007  (32) April 2007  (25) March 2007  (25) February 2007  (26) January 2007  (37) December 2006  (38) November 2006  (34) October 2006  (38) September 2006  (26) August 2006  (29) July 2006  (27) June 2006  (28) May 2006  (36) April 2006  (35) March 2006  (39) February 2006  (36) January 2006  (40) December 2005  (53) November 2005  (46) October 2005  (53) September 2005  (36) August 2005  (29) July 2005  (22) June 2005  (28) May 2005  (30) April 2005  (41) March 2005  (47) Top Stories 01. Frank Schilling gets RDNH win POSTED UNDER Policy & Law 02. .Org sticks with Afilias for backend POSTED UNDER Domain Services 03. Verisign to .Web losers: stop griping and carry on POSTED UNDER Policy & Law Privacy Policy Disclosures Advertising © 2005–2016 Domain Name Wire • DNW and Domain Name Wire are trademarks of Brainstorm Labs, LLC Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
378333 3408 sfoglia le notizie ACCEDI REGISTRATI Utente Password Password dimenticata METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Pr Newswire . Boeing Subsidiary CDG Team Wins Brandon Hall Gold Award for Learning and Development Boeing Subsidiary CDG Team Wins Brandon Hall Gold Award for Learning and Development PR NEWSWIRE Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 17/11/2016 18:56 Game-Like Simulations Deliver Engaging, Virtual Training for Airplane Technicians LONG BEACH, California, Nov. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Continental DataGraphics (CDG), a subsidiary of The Boeing Company [NYSE:BA] today announced it has won a Brandon Hall Group Gold award for excellence in the Learning and Development category for "Best Use of Games and Simulations for Learning". The interactive, multimedia content for the award-winning eLearning materials was developed in collaboration with Boeing's Learning, Training and Development (LTD) organization. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161117/440782 "Winning a Brandon Hall Group Excellence Award means an organization is an elite innovator within Human Capital Management. The award signifies that the organization's work represents a leading practice in that HCM function," said Rachel Cooke, Chief Operating Officer of Brandon Hall Group and head of the awards program. "Their achievement is also notable because of the positive impact their work in HCM has on business results. All award winners have to demonstrate a measurable benefit to the business, not just the HCM operation. That's an important distinction. Our HCM award winners are helping to transform the business." Boeing LTD is responsible for delivery of training to Boeing and airline customers. The LTD team needed to develop a more cost-effective and time-saving approach to train aircraft technicians on how to properly refuel oxygen equipment without compromising safety. LTD partnered with the eLearning team at CDG to develop a realistic, interactive 3D simulation and training course based on photos and instructions in aircraft maintenance manuals. The eLearning course has delivered significant savings of time and money, both in the classroom and on the job. The previous training class required 16 hours of equipment and materials preparation and in-class time; the new eLearning course takes significantly less time to complete, saving learner hours for each training course plus additional hours throughout the year due to the shorter time needed for securing training equipment and workshop training tasks. In addition, the training was connected to a significant process change that reduced the on-the-job time required for a trained technician to service a plane's oxygen equipment. This efficiency translates into faster maintenance "turn times" to help avoid flight delays and get airplanes off the ground and back into service quickly. "We are extremely pleased that everyone who contributed to the project is receiving well-deserved recognition for their outstanding efforts," said Norma Clayton, vice president of Boeing Learning, Training and Development (LTD). "This award is not only about the innovative approach and quality of the training materials; it also demonstrates what can be achieved when our talented teams at Boeing effectively collaborate and work together to drive a better solution for customers." Boeing subsidiary CDG is a leading provider of engineering, technical data and eLearning services and solutions. CDG's eLearning teams developed the multimedia simulation training content design for the training courses. The award entries were evaluated by a panel of veteran, independent senior industry experts, Brandon Hall Group analysts and executives based upon the following criteria: fit the need, design of the program, functionality, innovation, and overall measurable benefits. Excellence Award winners will be honored at Brandon Hall Group's HCM Excellence Conference January 24-27, 2017, at the PGA National Resort in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. All award winners are listed at http://www.brandonhall.com/excellenceawards/past-winners.php. About Brandon Hall Group Brandon Hall Group is a HCM research and advisory services firm that provides insights around key performance areas, including Learning and Development, Talent Management, Leadership Development, Talent Acquisition and Workforce Management. With more than 10,000 clients globally and 20 years of delivering world-class research and advisory services, Brandon Hall Group is focused on developing research that drives performance in emerging and large organizations, and provides strategic insights for executives and practitioners responsible for growth and business results. For more information, visit www.brandonhall.com. Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: EN48406, en-US, ICT Meccanica Politica_E_PA ICT Trasporti_E_Logistica Trasporti_E_Logistica ICT Economia_E_Finanza , Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI I nonni orsacchiotti, ecco lo spot più tenero dell'anno Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Multe, ora 'piovono' dall'alto 2. 'Magnàmose tutto!': torna il Bagaglino di Pingitore con Marini e Prati primedonne 3. Scontro Renzi-Gomez a Otto e ½, Gruber: "Qui conduco io!" /Video 4. Referendum, Briatore: "Votate Sì. E diffondete il messaggio" 5. Crozza-De Luca: "Mi scuso con Rosy Bindi. Ecco cosa volevo dire" /Video Video Skintillates, tatuaggio elettronico e interattivo L'energia pulita arriva dal fiume, ecco la turbina canadese Film per raccontare i segni, in libreria 'L'oroscopo 2017' di Simon & The stars SlowFood e Gambero Rosso premiano la birra 'alla zucca' del Birrificio Pontino Un drone che decolla come un elicottero, arriva delftAcopter Sempre più piccoli i satelliti del futuro Da Fellini a Terence Hill, la biografia di un regista 'per caso': Enrico Oldoini Occhiali da sole per video a 360 gradi 'Nursery' la serie tv fantascientifica su Firenze che si vuole autofinanziare sul web In Evidenza Ricerca personale Sviluppo Business - Settore medico-scientifico All'AdnKronos Museum le 'porte aperte' di Ramon Llinas I Vila contro la guerra /Foto 'Sei in un Paese meraviglioso' Lavoro, Del Conte (Anpal): "Bene Manageritalia su politiche attive" Il ministro Martina in visita all’azienda Granarolo, al centro la competitività delle imprese 'Energia per il futuro. Eccellenza Italia': Terna inaugura in Sardegna polo elettrico innovativo Venice Day 2016 Imprese, studio Irs: con norme tecniche Uni fatturato fino a +14% /Video Fiaip, la ripresa del mercato immobiliare c'è ma è ancora lenta /Video World Pancreatic Cancer day Esperti a confronto su 'Il ruolo della carne nell’alimentazione umana. Novità dalla ricerca' A Milano 'L'Artigiano in Fiera', villaggio globale delle arti e dei mestieri Energia, online la newsletter del Gme Ecomondo – la Fiera Internazionale del Recupero di Materiale ed Energia e dello Sviluppo Sostenibile Coca-Cola Hbc Italia-Autogrill-Banco Alimentare, 300mila pasti per famiglie in difficoltà Oli lubrificanti usati, il 99% avviato a riciclo In moto per l'ambiente: Coou all'Eicma per promuovere la raccolta di olii usati /Video In viaggio multisensoriale fra luoghi del gusto all'Artigiano in Fiera' Alimentazione e sicurezza alimentare Calcio, il campionato di Lega Pro si sintonizza su Rds /Video Piccinini (Inca Cgil): "Troppo poche denunce malattie professionali nei trasporti" Consorzio oli usati a Eicma con le gare di slot, 'In moto per l'ambiente' Indagine Regus, in Italia 'smart working' possibile per 5 mln di lavoratori /Video Simest: meno costosi e più snelli finanziamenti internazionalizzazione pmi Nuovi scenari nel trattamento del mieloma multiplo Meningite, parliamone prima Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro Tech Care. Dalla cura al prendersi cura Randstad Regional Award 2016 ENAV: una nuova storia tutta da raccontare Il Giubileo di Francesco /Speciale Adnkronos Speciale Incentivi Speciale Consulenza per il lavoro   Seguici 378333 3408 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Pinterest Sign up for our Newsletter Toggle Close Gift Ideas Fashion Beauty Entertainment Sex & Relationships Health Living News 51 Million Women of the Year The Girl Project Inspire a Difference Video Log In Register In This Issue Free Stuff Promos Apps Newsletters Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On Pinterest News and Politics 51 Million Women of the Year The Girl Project Inspire a Difference Subscribe Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Pinterest Sign up for our Newsletter Search Facebook Twitter Pinterest News and Politics These Top Companies Are Failing Big Time on Parental Leave By Jillian KramerNovember 17, 2016 11:00 am Pinterest Facebook Series with an African American set of parents and baby, around 8 months. PHOTO: copyright Sean Locke @ seanlockephotography.com Big companies don't always give big benefits. That couldn't be more true when it comes to one particular benefit, so to speak: paid parental leave. As you know by now, the U.S. is the only industrialized nation that doesn't have a federal mandate for paid maternity leave, which leaves individual companies free to set their own policies. That means most companies provide woefully inadequate policies for their employees, if they provide them at all. And a new report shows the top companies in our country—from Macy's to McDonald's and The Walt Disney Company—are no exception. PL+US attempted to speak to the top 60 companies in the U.S., which together employ about 14 million people, for its report, "Forging Ahead or Falling Behind." But the paid family leave advocacy organization could only confirm policies at 29 of the companies—the other 31 refused to make their policies available. In fact, according to the report, eight companies wrote PL+US to specifically decline the opportunity to share their policies publicly. Those companies are Boeing, FedEx, Honeywell International, HP, Infosys Limited, Marriott International, TJX, and Walgreens. From the companies that were willing to disclose their policies, PL+US was able to determine that none provide the six months of maternity leave called for by the President of the American Academy of Pediatrics. And 22 of the 29 companies have unequal leave policies for mothers, fathers, and adoptive parents, with fathers and adoptive parents receiving significantly less paid time off than women who give birth. In fact, according to the report, many companies offer no paid leave at all for fathers and adoptive parents—that has serious implications for LGBTQ parents. Take Starbucks: It's a progressive company that has applauded and supported the right to same-sex marriage and even created "safe spaces" for LGBTQ people. And yet the coffee behemoth only offers six weeks' paid maternity leave for birth mothers—and absolutely nothing for fathers. Unfortunately, Starbucks is in good company. Six more of the 29 companies don't offer paid time off for dads: AT&T, CVS, General Motors, Ford, Supervalu, and Verizon. More bad news? Salaried employees have a better shot at receiving paid time off than low, hourly wage workers. For example, Wal-Mart confirmed to PL+US that it only provides paid leave to salaried employees. And, according to the report, "anecdotal evidence suggests that Wal-Mart is not the only employer with this practice, making more research here a key area of future focus." There are a some bright spots in the report. A few big companies are leading the charge to give better benefits to their employees: Deloitte, Bank of America, and Ernst & Young each offer 16 weeks of fully paid parental leave for mothers, fathers, and adoptive parents, for example. At General Electric, all parents can get up to 12 weeks off—if they're salaried. And Procter & Gamble offers up to 16 weeks for birth mothers and adoptive parents, though it gives just four weeks to new fathers. You can see what each of the companies offer here. Keywords: maternity leave paternity leave parental leave work Get Glamour In Your Inbox! Sign Up Most Popular Fashion 49 Gorgeous Wedding Dresses You’ve Never Seen Before Fashion 30 Different Date Outfits from Daytime to Dressy Entertainment The 'Gilmore Girls' Cast Members, Then and Now Beauty See Kathleen Lights' New Nail Polish Line on 3 Different Skin Tones Healthy Eating and Recipes Sabra Just Recalled a Ton of Its Delicious Hummus Products By Erin Reimel an hour ago TV Kristen Wiig and More of Our Favorite SNL Alums Showed Up for This Week's Thanksgiving Episode By Erin Reimel 2 hours ago Celebs Brittany Howard of Alabama Shakes on her Alabama Tattoos 7 hours ago Movies Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone's La-La Land Duet Will Leave Your Heart in a Puddle By Krystin Arneson 17 hours ago News and Politics Feminist Twitter Is Really Running With #NameAPenceMusical By Krystin Arneson 19 hours ago DIY Projects You Have a Million Parties to Go to—Here's How to Bring a Bottle of Wine That's Actually Memorable By Abigail McCoy 20 hours ago related InspiredYoung Women Are the Most Bored at Work. Here's What We Can Do About It InspiredWhat Obama Told His Daughters After the Election Will Help Heal Your Soul InspiredOxford's Word of the Year is Perfect After the Year We've Had Follow UsGet up-to-the-instant updates and inspiring dispatches. Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Pinterest Follow Us On Instagram Get the NewsletterYour daily dose of the latest in fashion, beauty, and entertainment--delivered straight to your inbox Sign Up Privacy Policy Subscription Services Contact Glamour Reprints/Permissions Newsletter Signup Site Map RSS Advertise With Us UK Greece France Hungary Germany Poland Spain Sweden Russia Netherlands Mexico and Latin America South Africa Condé Nast Store Careers Glamour Media Kit Visit Other Condé Nast Sites ©2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/2014) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/2014). Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Jobs Cars Property Directory Announcements Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Crawley Observer Search More Close ] News Transport Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Opinion Your Say Offbeat Celebs Regional National News Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Opinion Your Say Offbeat Celebs Regional National Sport Football Cricket More Sport National Sport What's On Music Theatre & Comedy Arts & Screen Lifestyle MP backs new Gatwick hangar move The proposals are still in an early stage and are subject to planning permission 11:50 Thursday 17 November 2016 0 Have your say Crawley’s MP has come out in support of plans to build a new hangar at Gatwick Airport and provide more than 100 new jobs. Boeing and Gatwick Airport today announced plans for a multi-million pound commercial aviation maintenance hangar. Read more about the proposal here. Speaking on Twitter, Henry Smith MP said: “I welcome @BoeingUK plans to invest and build a commercial aviation maintenance hangar @Gatwick_Airport which will support over 100 jobs.” The proposals are still in an early stage and are subject to planning permission. Don’t miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live. Here are four ways you can be sure you’ll be amongst the first to know what’s going on. 1) Make our website your homepage 2) Like our Facebook page 3) Follow us on Twitter 4) Register with us by clicking on ‘sign in’ (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here. And do share with your family and friends - so they don’t miss out! Always the first with your local news. Be part of it. Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with Crawley Observer means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to Crawley Observer You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to Crawley Observer Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Sport Crawley Town Lifestyle What's On Education Sussex More from Crawley Observer Announcements Bingo Buy a Photo Directory Dating Jobs Local Guide Cars Property Public Notices Useful Links Contact us Advertise My Business Place your ads Subscribe © 2016 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
null
null
Sign up for the TidewaterBiz e-newsletter today. It's FREE! TidewaterBiz Airbus Americas president tells CNU students to keep their fire going CNU Luter School of Business Dean George Ebbs (left) moderates a conversation with Airbus Americas President Barry Eccleston at the Gaines Theatre Tuesday night. Tara Bozick / Daily Press Tara Bozick / Daily Press Tara BozickContact Reportertbozick@dailypress.com Privacy Policy Airbus Americas President Barry Eccleston encouraged Christopher Newport University students to pay attention to what's going on in the world to prepare for a job in the global market. "The aviation business is the blood that flows through the veins of the world," Eccleston told attendees of the Luter School of Business talk Tuesday night. "In our business, you need to be prepared to work globally." Eccleston, a U.S. citizen who grew up in England and has lived in six countries, encouraged students to participate in an exchange program, do volunteer work or take time off and travel the world. For those who can't get out of the country, he suggested keeping up with global business and international news. "Understand the people you're dealing with and try and adapt to their circumstances and their cultures," Eccleston said. Relationships are important in the tight-knit aviation business where Eccleston has collaborated with competitors and can know all of his North American airline customers, he said. Trust is important when customers are spending millions or billions of dollars on airplanes, he said. Caption Video: Hampton's "State of the City" Mayor Donnie Tuck gave the "State of the City" address at the Hampton Roads Convention Center on Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Mayor Donnie Tuck gave the "State of the City" address at the Hampton Roads Convention Center on Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Caption Video: Hampton's "State of the City" Mayor Donnie Tuck gave the "State of the City" address at the Hampton Roads Convention Center on Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Mayor Donnie Tuck gave the "State of the City" address at the Hampton Roads Convention Center on Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Caption Virginia Port Authority: Moving Forward The chairman and CEO of the Virginia Port Authority both spoke to the Daily Press editorial board about future plans for the port facilities they run.  The chairman and CEO of the Virginia Port Authority both spoke to the Daily Press editorial board about future plans for the port facilities they run.  Caption Aldi finishing construction Aldi is finishing construction of its store in Newport News and is set to open on Dec. 8, 2016.   Aldi is finishing construction of its store in Newport News and is set to open on Dec. 8, 2016.   Caption 'Right to Work' constitutional amendment on November ballots in Virginia Virginia voters will be asked whether they'd like to add anti-union language to the state constitution on the November ballot. Virginia voters will be asked whether they'd like to add anti-union language to the state constitution on the November ballot. Caption Why electric cars will be the way of the future Electric cars account for less than 1% of U.S. new car sales right now, but that number will most likely increase in the future. Electric cars account for less than 1% of U.S. new car sales right now, but that number will most likely increase in the future. Herndon-based Airbus Americas is part of the larger global Airbus Group headquartered in France. Airbus is a leading manufacturer of aircraft, competing with The Boeing Co., based in Chicago. Eccleston previously worked for Honeywell as vice president and general manager for its propulsion systems business and had been Honeywell's vice president of commercial aerospace for Europe, the Middle East and Africa. He started his career as an engineer at Rolls-Royce and worked his way up to become CEO of Rolls-Royce in Canada. Eccleston, pulling from more than four decades of experience, told CNU students to never quench their thirst to learn and to find mentors to help them along the way. He asked them to figure out what gets them out of bed in the morning and to "never lose that fire in your belly" -- in reference to a new graduate's critique of Eccleston and his colleagues during a management training exercise. Peninsula CEO to CNU students: Business degree won't be enough Tara Bozick Marsha Hudgins, CEO of Hudgins Contracting in Hampton, said she figured out early on that the people in charge — the decision makers — had the foundation of a business education. "The world of business is an integral part of life in general," Hudgins told more than 40 attendees of Christopher Newport... Marsha Hudgins, CEO of Hudgins Contracting in Hampton, said she figured out early on that the people in charge — the decision makers — had the foundation of a business education. "The world of business is an integral part of life in general," Hudgins told more than 40 attendees of Christopher Newport... (Tara Bozick) "When people say it can't be done, just take that as a personal challenge to yourself and everybody else that it can be done," Eccleston said. Additionally, plan how to succeed in your career, he said. For Eccleston, he focused on teamwork, leadership and getting results. "Don't shy away. Don't step back. Step forward and believe you can be the leader," Eccleston said. While technological development for commercial aircraft used by airlines is slow and incremental, Eccleston said he sees plenty to get excited about in the aerospace business, including the potential for an Uber-type model in aviation. Imagine getting picked up by an unmanned single-passenger aerial vehicle that shows up in your backyard and takes you to see your grandma in Wisconsin, he said. Uber is an app-based, on-demand platform for ordering rides from drivers who use their personal vehicles to make money. The San Francisco-based company has begun testing self-driving cars, according to a Washington Post story. Uber also released a white paper on its website examining the future use of on-demand flying taxis. "This is coming faster than you probably might imagine and it's totally going to disrupt the existing aviation model as I know it," Eccleston said. Attendee Dylan Gehr, an accounting senior, came to see how Eccleston applied the concepts he's been learning in his classes. Cassandra Bentivegna, a third-year senior studying psychology, said Eccleston urging attendees to be confident in their capabilities was empowering. "The idea that you don't need other people to believe in you to believe in yourself is what really resonated with me," Bentivegna said. Bozick can be reached by phone at 757-247-4741. Sign up for a free weekday business news email at TidewaterBiz.com. Copyright © 2016, Daily Press Colleges and Universities Peninsula CEO John Lawson talks leadership, plans for the future Fantastic 50 seeking nominations for fastest-growing businesses Top Videos Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 48°
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out21:00 GMT +320 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Will Tariff Wall Against China Make America Great Again? © REUTERS/ Jonathan Ernst Business 04:01 17.11.2016Get short URL 656273 President-elect Donald Trump’s transition team has released a memo that outlines a plan for the first 200 days of his presidency. Radio Sputnik’s Brian Becker invited author and professor Vijay Prashad to discuss key points -- including the 45-percent trade tariff against China. © Flickr/ Stròlic Furlàn - Davide Gabino London Open to US Citizens Wishing to Leave Home Over Trump’s Victory - MayorVijay Prashad underscores two key points in the transition memo. The first is a plan to withdraw the US from the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). The second would be a 35-45-percent tariff on Chinese goods. "Mr. Trump is taking us on an experiment at a scale we've never seen before," Prashad says. ​According to Prashad, several countries have exited the world financial system, either forcibly or voluntarily. By example, by way of economic sanctions resulting from the suspected development of nuclear weapons, Iran was ejected from the world financial system but dealt with the repercussions in its own way. A more recent example was Brexit, Prashad says, but this would not carry the weight of a US withdrawal from global economic pacts. The consequences of a US withdrawal from NAFTA and a trade standoff with China cannot be accurately predicted. "Donald Trump's expectations are that a large tariff wall against China will somehow itself spur job creation in the United States." The economic manifestations of the decision have a high chance of success, according to some, potentially creating jobs on American soil, but the political repercussions could be severe enough to nullify the move, Prashad notes. "China will not take the 45 percent tariff wall lightly," he warned. © Flickr/ Ars Electronica US Trade Deficit With China Reaches $225.2Bln in First Half of 2016By example, China could refuse to buy Boeing planes, instead opting for Airbus or another aircraft manufacturer outside the US. China would also move to other global markets, including Russia and Africa; the latter seeing a growing Chinese presence. "It might end up isolating the United States from the rest of the world," Prashad notes. Following the Spanish American war, the US sought to redraw colonial spheres of influence and expand toward new markets. The isolationist wing of the Republican party, mostly vanquished by the beginning of World War II, allowed the forces inside the US to put more effort into expanding economic influence. For some 20 years US manufacturing and trade showed good results, as technological advancement allowed it to achieve an almost hegemonic supremacy over the rest of the world. But the economic stagnation of the 1970s saw business seek new forms of organization. Technological advancement, including huge container ships and other forms of versatile logistics, combined with advanced communication systems, allowing for the break-up of giant factories, dispersing manufacturing across the globe. According to Prashad, this created a significant change, in which the labor force was no longer concentrated in one place, a system that formerly allowed workers to have a "bargaining position" against a corporate executive branch. Now, with smaller factories globally dispersed, it has become harder for workers to bargain for advantages previously gained through regional unity. © Sputnik/ Alexei Filippov Arise Ye Anti-Globalist Masses: Moscow's Role in the Struggle for Multipolarity GrowingBut production networks suffered from national tariffs and other forms of economic protectionism. So-called "free trade" agreements became necessary to protect an increasingly dispersed commodity production chain. This gave birth to neo-liberalism, and saw manufacturing jobs leaving the US in favor of other countries, Prashad says. Leaders of very large banks and multinational corporations became "globalists," and "transnational elites." He shares a degree of pessimism in connection to Trump's protectionist policies, as they do not address the core of the problem: the policies and behavior of the people who control money and property, the "global one percent." Prashad believes that President Trump will try to exercise as much control as he can, but, as a businessman, he must know that the one percent cannot be threatened. "If they feel that their accumulations are threatened at all, they will come at you," he says. "So what you are going to get from Mr. Trump is a great deal of rhetoric about going after the globalists," he says, but unless the new President addresses globalists directly, his policies are unlikely to be successful. Despite his pessimism, Prashad is watching as the real outcome of a Trump presidency unfolds. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 73 Related: Donald Trump Wants Biggest US Navy Buildup Since Ronald Reagan ‘Faithless Electors’ in Colorado Want to Stop Trump From Taking Office Sanders: Trump Must Rescind Hiring of ‘Racist’ for White House Job Trump Eyes Texas Senator Cruz as Possible US Attorney General Tags: trade, protectionism, policy, tariffs, economy, Vijay Prashad, Donald Trump, China, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply marcanhalt 07:43 17.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete The US played into the hands of China via the WTO. And while US farmers and manufacturers were greedily rubbing their hands at the prospects of getting rich over night, the Chinese were using the WTO to their own advantage. Instead of the profits coming back to the US, they had to be reinvested in the factories in China off the top. Instead of getting the tax advantages here in the US to do that, extending over years of buildings and infrastructure, there were none given as US tax laws did not apply. Couple that with the profits being split, evenly, between the Chinese government and US entrepreneurial, and the standard or cost of living was eaten up before the profits could be transferred. Then you had the matter of new patents, which the Chinese could claim as their own per the WTO agreement that was signed. Throw in currency manipulation of the yuan and now you had a nightmare of cheap goods flooding the US markets. The Federal Reserve tried to imitate the same market gimmick which only resulted in less monies for infrastructure and growth. The only way to get our markets back is to make the Chinese pay for their shenanigans is to give them what Trump is espousing; an inflated excise tax on anything coming into this country. The only way for some of these traitorous companies to save their name is to move back where the work force is all to willing to take less to save their homes. It's a start. Reply arpito 08:29 17.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete an excellent, impartial and insightful analysis Reply jas 08:57 17.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete What's Becker doing talking about globalists like he isn't one of them?Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories New EU 'Totalitarian Ideology' Plans to Put Russian Media, Daesh on Same Page The EU Parliament is set to vote on a report on countering third-party information warfare that puts Russian media and Daesh propaganda on the same level. 2299 Putin Speaks With Obama on Sidelines of APEC Summit - Kremlin Russian President Vladimit Putin spoke with his US counterpart Barack Obama on the sidelines of the APEC summit in Peru, Kremlin Spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Sunday, confirming earlier media reports. 2979 Trump Confirms Considering Appointment of General Mattis as Pentagon Chief US President-elect Donald Trump confirmed on Sunday that he has been considering retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis for the post of the head of Pentagon. 4935 Beauty AND Brains: Choose the Most Attractive Russian Female Lawmaker The serious and responsible work in the Russian State Duma does not keep some female MPs from staying in great shape and at times even becoming trendsetters. Sputnik presents below a list of Russia’s most attractive MPs. Vote for your favorite by clicking on the arrow next to the photo. 173461 Peruvian Woman Tries to Give President Putin an Unusual Gift During APEC Summit A curious incident took place during Russian President Putin's visit to the APEC summit in Lima, Peru. 83913 Damascus Will Back Syrian Peace Talks on Condition of No External Interference Damascus is ready to support the Syrian peace talks on condition that the foreign states will refrain from meddling in the negotiations, Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem said Sunday after negotiations with UN Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura. 0 294 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 20:59Persian Style Guide: First Fashion Encyclopedia Published in Iran 20:50IMF Head Skeptical About WTO - Russian Deputy Minister 20:46IMF Head Says Russia Tackling Decline in Oil Prices With Dignity - Official 20:41Putin, Abe Discuss Economic Projects in Third Countries - Moscow 20:38New EU 'Totalitarian Ideology' Plans to Put Russian Media, Daesh on Same PageAll news Poll Finds Disunity in EU Ranks, 'Things Are Going in the Wrong Direction' 72199 Putin’s Presidential Plane Chased by Swiss Fighter Jets (VIDEO) 21467 India, US Turn Corner, Resolve to Close Old Tax Disputes Worth USD 751 Million 10090 The Final Countdown: Syrian Army Prepares to Storm Aleppo's East 9695 'Putin Was Right': This is Who Will Rebuild Syria After the War 8981All news Putin’s Presidential Plane Chased by Swiss Fighter Jets (VIDEO) 94 Poll Finds Disunity in EU Ranks, 'Things Are Going in the Wrong Direction' 79 Moscow to Respond to Bern's Explanations Over Jets Tracking Russian Gov't Plane 57 George Soros Seeking Ways to Resist Trump's New Global Order 53 Majority of Germans Want Merkel to Stay for Another Term as Chancellor 52All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics From Katyusha to Iskander-M: Top-10 Arms of Russian Missile Forces and Artillery Friends With Benefits US 'War on Terror' in Numbers News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
' F-22 Weapon Sys Gets a Thrifty Fix | Israel’s Cyber Exports May Top $5B 2016 | Pakistan Aeronautical Opening Up Private Sector Participation Advertisement Defense program acquisition news, budget data, market briefings Contact Editorial Advertising Feedback & Support Subscriptions & Reports Subscribe Paid Subscription in-depth program analysis & data sets Free Email Newsletter quick daily updates Log in Email Address Password Remember me Forgot your password? Not yet a subscriber? Find out what you have been missing. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Table of contents F-22 Weapon Sys Gets a Thrifty Fix | Israel’s Cyber Exports May Top $5B for 2016 | Pakistan Aeronautical Opening Up to Private Sector Participation Nov 17, 2016 00:58 UTC by Defense Industry Daily staff Americas Issues affecting an F-22 Raptor weapons system have been fixed and the fighter has returned to normal operations with student pilots. While few details have been released, the issues surround the in-flight operations including radar functions and low observability capabilities. The USAF’s thrifty maintenance crews took as little as two days to formulate a solution at a cost of only $250. A replacement system would have set them back $40,000 and $50,000. Boeing is to consolidate their defense, space and security operations, resulting in the closure of some plants and relocation of jobs. Plants in El Paso, Texas and Newington, Virginia are earmarked to be shut with the company stating that their manufacturing area will be shrunk by about 4.5 million square feet by the end of 2020. Approximately 500 jobs will be cut over the period. A new global operations group will also be established to include defense units in Australia, Saudi Arabia, and UK which will be headed by the company’s current UK managing director, David Pitchforth. Middle East & North Africa In a bid to push foreign cyber-security sales, Israel is targeting more than 20 countries following an earlier easing of its export control policy. Cyber related exports have been increasing year over year with last year’s figure amounting to $4 billion, $800 million more than in 2014. It’s believed that this year could potentially top $5 billion, more than all other nations combined, barring the US. Europe The Czech Prime Minister has rejected notions of future US missile defense radar deployment in the country. Calling the idea “pure fiction,” Bohuslav Sobotka stressed that the country had more pressing security concerns than a potential missile threat from Iran, a moot fear since last year’s nuclear deal. US missile defense plans for Europe currently include Aegis-equipped ships patrolling from Spain, and rocket equipped silos in Romania and Poland, with Turkey, Germany and other NATO states providing radar capability. Russia’s federal national guard will test a new fixed-wing UAV from Zala Aero early next year. The catapult-launched 16E5 is currently in the final stages of factory testing which so far has seen the replacement of the original motor with a combustion engine, increasing the aircraft’s maximum speed and flight duration. With a 5m (16.4ft) wingspan, it has an endurance of 16h at a range of 81nm (150km). Other features include a day/night camera and a thermal imager, and it can return itself to base in the event of loss of communications, all while maintaining a low radar frequency signature. F/A-18 Hornet fighters operated by the Spanish Air Force will be replaced by a “system of systems” by 2030. Known as the Future Combat Air System (FCAS), the prgram will see about 50 legacy Tranche 2 and Tranche 3 Eurofighter Typhoons upgraded to network with a fifth-generation aircraft; a new fifth-generation aircraft (type and numbers to be decided); and an unmanned combat aerial vehicle (type and numbers to be decided). While the fifth-generation aircraft will likely be the F-35, Spanish Navy plans to retire their AV-8B Harrier II will result in a joint procurement between the two branches. Asia Pacific RUAG Australia has won an F-35 sustainment contract in support of the Australian Defense Forces. Under the deal, RUAG will repair and install new valves, auxiliary power systems, landing gear components, and additional supporting equipment on the 72 aircraft slated to go down under. The company’s participation in the F-35 program stretches back to its development phase in 2003, manufacturing major hydraulic components for the next-gen fighter. Pakistan Aeronautical Complex (PAC) has said it will open up to allow the private defense sector to participate in programs such as the JF-17 Thunder fighter and Super Mushshak trainer. As well as looking for new design and development programs for upgrades to the aircraft, PAC is also entertaining the possibility of allowing collaboration on the manufacture of propulsion and industrial gas turbines. Benefits of opening up the domestic industry include using public funds that otherwise would have gone abroad as domestic stimulus and making it easier for foreign vendors to pick private firms in matters involving sensitive technology intellectual property, which could make transfer-of-technology and expertise easier to negotiate. Today’s Video Russia’s demonstrates the land attack capability of its K-300P Bastion-P mobile coastal defense missile system in Syria: Advertisement Categories: Daily Rapid Fire Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. Advertisement Archives MIL BIZ GEO DAY Aircraft Air Reconnaissance Blimps & LTA Craft Engines - Aircraft Equipment - Other Fighters & Attack Heavy Bombers Helicopters & Rotary Protective Systems - Aircraft Specialty Aircraft Transport & Utility UAVs Electronics & IT Avionics ECM Electronics - General Eng. Control Systems IT - Cyber-Security IT - General IT - Networks & Bandwidth IT - Software & Integration Radars Sensors & Guidance Signals Radio & Wireless Simulation & Training Land Equipment Engineering Vehicles Engines Other Equipment - Land Robots Soldier's Gear Tanks & Mechanized Trucks & Transport Logistics & Support Asstd. Support Equipment Bases & Infrastructure C4ISR Chemicals & HAZMAT Clothing Engineer Units Environmental Financial & Accounting Food-related Fuel & Power Intelligence & PsyOps Logistics Marketing & Advertising Medical MPs & Justice Power Projection Public Relations Signals Intercept, Cryptography, etc. Support & Maintenance Support Functions - Other Testing & Evaluation Military Overall Expeditionary Warfare Force Structure Forces - Air Forces - Land Forces - Marines Forces - Naval Forces - Space Forces - Special Ops Forces - Strategic Interoperability Leadership & People Memoriam Policy - Doctrine Policy - Personnel Policy - Procurement Security & Secrecy Training & Exercises Transformation Warfare - Lessons Warfare - Trends Naval Equipment Coastal & Littoral Engines & Propulsion - Naval Protective Systems - Naval Sensors - Aquatic Submarines Surface Ships - Combat Surface Ships - Other UUVs & USVs Ordnance & Guns ABM Ammunition Bombs - Cluster Bombs - General Bombs - Smart Explosives Grenades Guns - 20-59 mm direct Guns - 60+ mm direct Guns - Artillery & Mortars Guns - Naval Guns - Personal Weapons Guns - under 20mm direct Laser & EM Weapons Mines & Countermine-IED Missiles - Air-Air Missiles - Anti-Armor Missiles - Anti-Ship Missiles - Ballistic Missiles - Precision Attack Missiles - Surface-Air Non-Lethal Weapons Other Weapons Remote Weapons Systems Rockets Shells & Mortar Rounds Underwater Weapons Space GPS Infrastructure Launch Facilities Launch Vehicles Satellites & Sensors Space Warfare WMD Biological Weapons Chemical Weapons Nuclear Weapons WMD Defenses WMD Detection WMD Proliferation Corporation Airbus ATK BAE Boeing Consulting Firms DCNS Elbit Systems Finmeccanica GE General Atomics General Dynamics HAL Honeywell IAI L3 Communications Lockheed Martin MBDA Navistar Northrop-Grumman Oshkosh Other Corporation RAFAEL Raytheon Rolls Royce Rosoboronexport Security Contractor Small Business T&C - Big 5 Firms T&C - Booz Allen T&C - CSC T&C - EDS T&C - IBM T&C - Microsoft T&C - RAND Corp. T&C - SAIC T&C - SRI Textron Thales United Technologies University-related DID site Daily Rapid Fire FOCUS Articles Guest Articles Sharpen yourself Spotlight articles Industry Conferences & Events Contracts - Awards Contracts - Intent Contracts - Modifications Corporate Financials Delivery & Task Orders Industry & Trends Mergers & Acquisitions Partnerships & Consortia People Pre-RFP Projections & Assessments RFPs Rumours Innovation After-Action Reviews Corporate Innovations DARPA Design Innovations Field Innovations Logistics Innovations Materials Innovations New Systems Tech Procurement Innovations R&D - Contracted R&D - Private Science - Basic Research News Events Field Reports Politics Alliances Budgets Domestic Security Issues - Environmental Issues - International Issues - Political Legal Lobbying Official Reports Public Partnering Scandals & Investigations Think Tanks Projects Project Failures Project Management Project Methodologies Project Successes Americas Americas - Other Brazil Canada USA Asia Asia - Central Asia - Other Australia & S. Pacific China India Indonesia Japan Singapore South Korea Europe Britain/U.K. Europe - Other European Union (EU) France Germany Russia Middle East & Africa Africa - Other Iraq Israel Middle East - Other Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates (UAE) Other Geo Oceans - International Outer Space Polar Regions 2016 January February March April May June July August September October November 2015 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2014 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2013 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2012 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2011 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2010 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2009 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2008 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2007 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2006 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2005 January February March April May June July August September October November December White Papers & Events Advertisement Advertisement © 2004-2016 Defense Industry Daily, LLC | About Us | Images on this site | Privacy Policy Contact us: Editorial | Advertising | Feedback & Support | Subscriptions & Reports Follow us: Twitter | Google+ Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. One-stop tracking Our coverage for each program of record is centralized in one article to save time and provide comprehensive context. Catch up with new events Recent updates are highlighted upfront to make it easy to stay on top of programs over their lifecycle. Table of contents The table of contents can be moved on the side or folded to help you navigate within our reports. Exec summary Quickly catch up with just the latest updates, main events and milestones by hiding more granular details. Media gallery Each article comes with a gallery of relevant contextual images, charts, and videos. Clean printoutsOur articles print beautifully, without any of the clutter that often gets in the way on the web. Save as PDFExporting to the Adobe PDF format lets you read our content offline. Subscribe for more Check out our subscription plans to access our extensive defense program coverage. 7ads6x98y
Main Menu News Subscribe About Us Advertise Shop Print Edition Jobs Donate Campaigns Contact More Print Edition Campaigns Jobs Advertise Contact News Categories Britain World Editorial Features Sport Arts Account Management Login / Register THE PEOPLE'S DAILY FIGHTING FUND YOU'VE RAISED: £9526 WE NEED: £8474 10 Days Remaining Donate Today Britain World Editorial Features Sport Arts Features A cult leader and the dictator’s daughter Nov 2016 Thursday 17th posted by Morning Star in Features KENNY COYLE walks us through the bizarre scandal which could oust South Korea’s President Park Geun Hye. Her downfall could be an opportunity for the left to break the country free from neoliberalism SOUTH Korea’s most recent political crisis has entered a new and possibly final stage, as momentum builds to oust scandal-ridden right-wing President Park Geun Hye. At the weekend, an estimated one million demonstrators took to the streets of Seoul, while thousands more demonstrated in other major centres, such as Busan and Jeju Island, calling for Park to go. Park has confessed to a bizarre political relationship with the daughter of a former religious cult leader, who befriended her more than 30 years ago. She denies any illegal acts. However, her accusers allege that Park was not only advised by her friend Choi Soon Sil — who is being investigated for peddling political influence in return for cash — but that she also shared sensitive government information and awarded lucrative contracts on her suggestions. Choi is suspected of interfering in state affairs and appointments, receiving confidential documents and using her inside knowledge and connections to amass considerable personal wealth. On Monday, state prosecutors announced they wanted to question two former presidential secretaries, who stepped down last month in a belated bid by Park to clean house. A third former presidential secretary, Jeong Ho Seong, is already in detention, facing similar allegations of illegally passing on presidential and government documents to Choi. While her presidential term is not due to expire until February 2018, few now believe Park can ride out the storm. Political foes and former allies alike have either called for her to resign or face impeachment. Park’s conservative Saenuri (New Frontier) Party is now embroiled in a civil war between her loyalists and those seeking to distance the party from what they see as a political liability. UN secretary-general Ban Ki Moon, whose term ends this New Year’s Eve, is the preferred candidate of the South Korean right. However, if Park resigns before December 31, new elections have to be called within 60 days, leaving Ban little time to campaign. Ban’s supporters are therefore playing for time, keeping Park in place for now but clipping her power. Impeachment, if sufficient support for that could be found, would likely take at least six to eight months. In any case, Park’s political career is essentially dead in the water. Park is an authentic product of the South Korean elite. She is the daughter of former South Korean dictator Park Chung Hee. The elder Park served as a Japanese collaborator in the wartime Japanese imperial army as did many of the post-1945 South Korean ruling class. Park Chung Hee rose to power in 1961, using his military links and the vicious activities of the Korean Central Intelligence Agency (KCIA) to repress all opposition. When an assassination attempt on Park Chung Hee in 1975 killed his wife, daughter Park Geun Hye, then just 23, took over the role of first lady. It was after her mother’s death that the young Park fell under the influence of Choi’s colourful father, a former police officer, Buddhist monk and founder of a Christian sect called The Church of Eternal Life and the pro-dictatorship Movement for a New Mind. Such was Choi senior’s influence over Park that he was dubbed the “Korean Rasputin.” In 1979, Park Chung Hee was himself assassinated by Kim Jae Gyu, his own KCIA director. Kim said that part of his motive was the president’s failure to keep his daughter away from the influence of the sect leader. After Choi senior’s death in 1994, his daughter continued to exercise the same dubious influence over Park Geun Hye, by then an up-and-coming right-wing politician. Choi Soon Sil is even credited with navigating Park’s eventual path to the Blue House — South Korea’s presidential palace — in 2012. While the investigation is likely to unearth multiple scandals, two military decisions taken during Park’s presidency have come under particular scrutiny. South Korea has one of the largest armed forces on Earth and its fat military budgets have provided rich pickings over the years for arms manufacturers and for corrupt political and military elements involved in awarding these lavish contracts. Choi is accused of using her influence in a multibillion-dollar fighter jet project. Opposition politicians have demanded details about links between Jeong Yoon Ho, Choi’s ex-husband and rumoured to have been Park’s lover, and Linda Kim, a controversial Korean-American arms lobbyist. In 2007 a $7.28 billion tender was launched to re-equip the South Korean air force involving Boeing, the European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company (Airbus) and Lockheed Martin. The Boeing model eventually emerged as the frontrunner but in September 2013, little more than six months after Park had taken office, the contract was blocked. A further six months later, US arms giant Lockheed Martin was awarded a modified contract. The second deal also involves Lockheed Martin, which was granted a $1bn contract to build a Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (Thaad) system in the rural town of Seongju, some 130 miles southeast of Seoul. As disarmament campaigners have long pointed out, anti-missile systems often encourage military strategists to believe in more aggressive posturing. This is the very last thing the Korean peninsula needs. Even South Korean military analysts have expressed their scepticism about the effectiveness of Thaad, while thousands of Seongju residents and peace campaigners have demonstrated against the project. China and Russia have also expressed their concerns. Both states believe that Thaad’s extensive radar range is essentially a US forward-spying mission directed against them as much as North Korea. However, while alleged corruption has triggered these recent protests they also come at a time when the South Korean economy has slowed significantly and working people have taken the pain. The fusion of political and corporate elitism has reached unimaginable heights in South Korea, where political favours have long been taken for granted by the few dozen Chaebols (multi-industrial conglomerates) which dominate all branches of the economy. For example, Samsung Electronics — which is valued at $300bn — has nearly 80 affiliated subsidiaries in dozens of different fields. South Korea has averaged annual growth rates of just 2.7 per cent over the past five years. While impressive by British standards, this is way below the highs of the 1980s, when yearly GDP growth averaged over 9 per cent. Neoliberal policies followed by Park and her predecessors have seen familiar results. Between 1995 and 2010, South Korea’s largest manufacturing firms shifted 17 per cent of their production overseas, much of it to low-wage economies in south-east Asia. Casual, part-time and temporary workers have increased from 27.4 per cent of the working population in 2002 to 34.2 per cent in 2011. More than one third of South Korean workers suffer insecure job conditions, receiving only around 60 per cent of regular workers’ salaries with no medical insurance, severance pay or company welfare subsidies. In the shipbuilding industry at least 6,000 full-time workers have lost their jobs already this year, some through simple redundancy but many through “voluntary” retirement schemes. One of the three biggest shipbuilders, Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering, forced its workers to submit supposedly voluntary retirement applications that the company could keep “in its desk.” A second member of the big three, Samsung Heavy Industries, said it would reduce its shipyard workforce by 30-40 per cent by 2018 and is expected to lay off 2,500 workers next year. Aside from the squeeze on South Korean workers, Park’s rule has also seen intensified attacks on academic freedom, on the left and those seeking more constructive approaches to relations with North Korea. In 2013, the right-wing government and judiciary rubber-stamped a witch-hunt against the small Unified Progressive Party (UPP), whose MPs were framed by the KCIA’s success or National Intelligence Service as potential pro-Pyongyang saboteurs. One UPP parliamentarian was sentenced to 12 years in jail, its remaining MPs were disbarred from the National Assembly and the party itself has been banned. Park has bought chilling reminders of her own father’s legacy of repression.South Korea’s crisis also comes at a crucial point in Asian and American relations. The “pivot to Asia” spearheaded by President Obama and his then secretary of state Hillary Clinton is clearly in some trouble. In his statements on US military bases in East Asia and on possible talks with North Korea, president-elect Trump has contradicted himself, made major policy pronouncements only to reverse them weeks or even days later. In the face of such confusion, the mass movements against Park may perhaps provide an opportunity for left and democratic forces to resurface and regroup around the fight for a break with South Korea’s neoliberal economics and an end to the US military presence on the Korean peninsula. Related Tags: South Korea Kenny Coyle park geun hye Latest Tories Hand Liz £350m to do up House Germany: US and EU’s leaders try to shore up Nato US and Ukraine fail to condemn nazism Music cash ‘a plaster on a gaping wound’ Owned By Our Readers We're a reader-owned co-operative, which means you can become part of the paper too by buying shares in the People’s Press Printing Society. Become a Supporter It looks like you've got Adblock Plus installed. The Morning Star relies on advertising revenue — please consider unsubscribing or placing us on Adblock Plus' whitelist. Subscribe Have the Morning Star at your fingertips, wherever you are. Subscribe Now Advertisement The Morning Star All Rights Reserved Owned by Our Readers We're a reader-owned co-operative, which means you can become part of the paper too by buying shares in the People’s Press Printing Society. Become a Supporter Info Privacy Policy Terms of Use Returns Policy Published by Companies House Number: IP12750R Registered office: William Rust House, 52 Beachy Road, London E3 2NS, UK Telephone: 020 8510 0815 Website Designed and Developed by LemonDigits Ltd
Fiji Time: 6:00 AM on Monday 21 November Home Politics Local Sport World Letters Editorial Nai Lalakai Business Features Classifieds Weather Gallery Archives / Front page / World BRIEFLY Reuters Saturday, November 19, 2016 US, Iran clash VIENNA, Reuters - The United States and Iran yesterday clashed openly at the UN atomic watchdog for the first time since they signed a landmark nuclear deal last year, differing over Tehran's repeated testing of one of the deal's less strictly defined limits. Bill passed WASHINGTON, Reuters - The US House of Representatives passed a Bill yesterday that would block the sale of commercial aircraft to Iran, a bid to stop sales by Boeing and Airbus that have already been approved by President Barack Obama's administration. Mine collapses ISTANBUL, Reuters - A copper mine collapsed in Turkey's southeastern town of Sirvan yesterday, killing at least four people, broadcaster CNN Turk reported, while at least another dozen people were trapped. Rescue teams and ambulances were dispatched to the mine based in Siirt province, CNN Turk said. Back to top Fiji Times & Kaila Frontpage PDF Downloads Use the free Acrobat Reader to view. Code Inward TTs Outward TTs CAD 0.6516 0.6326 JPY 53.7040 50.7040 GBP 0.3873 0.3793 EUR 0.4540 0.4420 NZD 0.6932 0.6602 AUD 0.6544 0.6294 USD 0.4849 0.4679 from FJD to VUVFJD to TOPFJD to SBDFJD to WSTFJD to PGKFJD to XPFFJD to CHFFJD to SEKFJD to LKRFJD to ZARFJD to PHPFJD to PKRFJD to NOKFJD to INRFJD to DKKFJD to CADFJD to HKDFJD to SGDFJD to JPYFJD to GBPFJD to EURFJD to CNYFJD to NZDFJD to AUDFJD to USD VUV to FJDTOP to FJDSBD to FJDWST to FJDPGK to FJDXPF to FJDCHF to FJDSEK to FJDLKR to FJDZAR to FJDPHP to FJDPKR to FJDNOK to FJDINR to FJDDKK to FJDCAD to FJDHKD to FJDSGD to FJDJPY to FJDGBP to FJDEUR to FJDCNY to FJDNZD to FJDAUD to FJDUSD to FJD $0.00 Exchange Rate updated on 18th November, 2016 Today's Most Read Stories Flying Fijians salute late Temo, reveal scouts scam on players' contract She's Dunn it again Party secures permit for meet Police charge woman for post office fire PM is COP head Disability fails to stop duo Pearl farmer wants investment protected SODELPA leader calls for legal research Village's $94k water source Police to up presence Top Stories this Week Wife left in the dark Wednesday (16 Nov) Home is where the heart is Tuesday (15 Nov) Boy, 8, drowns Friday (18 Nov) Schools allowed intake from outside zone Tuesday (15 Nov) Fiji misses out at World Rugby Awards Monday (14 Nov) Rabuka 'banned' Friday (18 Nov) Cama humbled to fill in Tietjens' shoes Friday (18 Nov) Fijian designer creates royal movie wear Thursday (17 Nov) Kolinisau misses out Monday (14 Nov) Reddy: Year 8 students to move on Thursday (17 Nov) Contact Fiji Times Advertise with Us Google+ Copyright © 2014, Fiji Times Limited. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Terms of Use Site Feedback
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out21:00 GMT +320 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search US Navy Keeps Quiet About Mystery Plane’s Secret Mission Over Colorado © YouTube/DailyNewsX 24/7 Military & Intelligence 22:00 18.11.2016(updated 03:37 19.11.2016) Get short URL 75079420 A mysterious plane circling Denver, Colorado, on Wednesday has been identified by the Navy, but they have not provided an official statement on what exactly it was doing. For nearly an hour, the aircraft, identified as IRON99, circled the city in an oval shaped pattern before heading to Oklahoma. Thousands of people concerned about the strange sighting called local news station Denver 7 to report what they were seeing. The station reached out to the Denver Airport, local military bases, and government agencies, but was able to learn nothing. © YouTube/The Denver Channel Mysterious Plane Circles Over Denver, No One Seems to Know Why “Further research into the plane's title of IRON99 turned up bases in the northeastern part of the nation that frequently give out the title of IRON to their military flights, however the title is usually reserved for T-38 aircraft, which are distinctly black,” the station reported, noting that this plane was white. On Thursday, the Navy responded to the station confirming that the plane was in a holding pattern over Denver the day before, but stated that the mission is classified. Lieutenant Leslie Hubbell, the assistant public affairs officer for Commander Naval Air Forces detailed that the IRON99 is a Navy E-6B Mercury jet aircraft, created by Boeing at a cost of $141.7 million per unit, Denver 7 reported. © Flickr/ Nelson Pavlosky Cosplay in the Surveillance State: DARPA Tests Radiation Detection SystemThe planes are designed to be airborne command and control centers capable of controlling the launch of nuclear missiles around the US. "The overall mission of the E-6B is command, control and communications abilities to direct and employ strategic resources," Hubbell said. The aircraft was flying a holding pattern over Denver, at the instruction of the Federal Aviation Administration en route to Tinker Air Force Base, where it is stored. Though they were unable to get an on-the-record statement from the US Navy about the mission, a source reportedly told the station that the aircraft was on a Department of Defense training mission, focused on electronic surveillance. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 420 Related: Oops! Military Plane Accidentally Drops Bombs Over Michigan Air Show Event Aimed at Boosting US 130J Military-Plane Sales in Africa A New Air Force One: Military to Upgrade Aging Presidential Plane Military Plane Crash Kills Five Sudanese Servicemen - Armed Forces US Military Agency Awards $89Mln Contract to Design Vertical Take-Off Plane Tags: Military Training Excercise, IRON99, Navy E-6B Mercury Jet, Boeing, Federal Aviation Administration, US Navy, Leslie Hubbell, Colorado, Denver TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply l. 23:04 18.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete ok, they are training for nuke attack and continue from the sky.....brrr. This is exactly want the people want. To be nuked down and having a few survivors in the sky... Reply michael 23:38 18.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete training...ok. So why the fuss? It seems like that the drum is being beaten to encourage people's insecurities. Reply Adrienne Adonis 03:14 19.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete That's not a mystery plane ....... And the world governments know exactly what it is ........ It's the chemtrail spraying over every country including the US. What's coming down on the world stage is Aluminum, Strontium and Barium. everything coming down on us in now highly acidic. The problem is the oceans are dying out , marine life dwindling, and of course we the people are taking it all in our lungs.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories New EU 'Totalitarian Ideology' Plans to Put Russian Media, Daesh on Same Page The EU Parliament is set to vote on a report on countering third-party information warfare that puts Russian media and Daesh propaganda on the same level. 2300 Putin Speaks With Obama on Sidelines of APEC Summit - Kremlin Russian President Vladimit Putin spoke with his US counterpart Barack Obama on the sidelines of the APEC summit in Peru, Kremlin Spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Sunday, confirming earlier media reports. 2979 Trump Confirms Considering Appointment of General Mattis as Pentagon Chief US President-elect Donald Trump confirmed on Sunday that he has been considering retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis for the post of the head of Pentagon. 4937 Beauty AND Brains: Choose the Most Attractive Russian Female Lawmaker The serious and responsible work in the Russian State Duma does not keep some female MPs from staying in great shape and at times even becoming trendsetters. Sputnik presents below a list of Russia’s most attractive MPs. Vote for your favorite by clicking on the arrow next to the photo. 173461 Peruvian Woman Tries to Give President Putin an Unusual Gift During APEC Summit A curious incident took place during Russian President Putin's visit to the APEC summit in Lima, Peru. 83913 Damascus Will Back Syrian Peace Talks on Condition of No External Interference Damascus is ready to support the Syrian peace talks on condition that the foreign states will refrain from meddling in the negotiations, Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem said Sunday after negotiations with UN Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura. 0 294 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 20:59Persian Style Guide: First Fashion Encyclopedia Published in Iran 20:50IMF Head Skeptical About WTO - Russian Deputy Minister 20:46IMF Head Says Russia Tackling Decline in Oil Prices With Dignity - Official 20:41Putin, Abe Discuss Economic Projects in Third Countries - Moscow 20:38New EU 'Totalitarian Ideology' Plans to Put Russian Media, Daesh on Same PageAll news Poll Finds Disunity in EU Ranks, 'Things Are Going in the Wrong Direction' 72199 Putin’s Presidential Plane Chased by Swiss Fighter Jets (VIDEO) 21467 India, US Turn Corner, Resolve to Close Old Tax Disputes Worth USD 751 Million 10090 The Final Countdown: Syrian Army Prepares to Storm Aleppo's East 9695 'Putin Was Right': This is Who Will Rebuild Syria After the War 8982All news Putin’s Presidential Plane Chased by Swiss Fighter Jets (VIDEO) 94 Poll Finds Disunity in EU Ranks, 'Things Are Going in the Wrong Direction' 79 Moscow to Respond to Bern's Explanations Over Jets Tracking Russian Gov't Plane 57 George Soros Seeking Ways to Resist Trump's New Global Order 53 Majority of Germans Want Merkel to Stay for Another Term as Chancellor 52All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics From Katyusha to Iskander-M: Top-10 Arms of Russian Missile Forces and Artillery Friends With Benefits US 'War on Terror' in Numbers News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Business News / Security Industry State Dept. approves sale of 40 F/A-18 fighters to Kuwait By Ryan Maass   |   Nov. 18, 2016 at 1:47 PM Follow @upi Comments Sign up for our Security newsletter WASHINGTON, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- The U.S. State Department has approved a possible $10.1 billion foreign military sale of 40 F/A-18 aircraft to the government of Kuwait. The potential purchase includes 32 F/A-18E fighters and 8 F/A-18F aircraft. If Congress approves the whole package, Kuwait will also receive spare engines and modules, 41 AN/APG-79 Active Electronically Scanned Array radars, 44 M61A2 20mm gun systems, and other supporting equipment. In a statement announcing the State Department's approval, the U.S. Defense Security Cooperation Agency adds Kuwaiti military personnel will also have access to engineering and program support as well as U.S. government and contractor engineering services. The agency said the potential sale will bolster defensive capabilities for a major non-NATO ally, adding this will lead to political and economic progress in the region. The Boeing-made F/A-18 Hornet attack aircraft was the first strike fighter designed for the United States Armed Forces. The craft was built for both traditional strike operations in addition to close air support. If the foreign military sale to the government of Kuwait is approved, the country will use the aircraft for homeland defense in addition to replacing aging aircraft. Prime contractors for the sale include Boeing, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon, and General Electric. Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories State Dept. approves sale of 72 F-15 fighters to Qatar Russia to build heavy-duty radar station near Murmansk L-3 to deliver switchgear equipment for Ohio-class replacement subs Comments Latest Headlines Rosoboronexport to unveil anti-terrorist project at IDEAS-2016 1 day ago MOSCOW, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- Rostec subsidiary Rosoboronexport will present its "Anti-terrorism and Law Enforcement" project at IDEAS-2016 in Pakistan. State Dept. approves sale of 72 F-15 fighters to Qatar 1 day ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- The U.S. State Department has approved a proposed $21.1 billion foreign military sale to the government of Qatar for 72 F-15QA aircraft. L-3 to deliver switchgear equipment for Ohio-class replacement subs 2 days ago NEW YORK, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- L-3 Communications has been contracted to deliver switchgear equipment to support the U.S. Navy's Ohio-class submarine replacement program. Armenian president: We had to buy Iskander-M missiles from Russia 2 days ago Yerevan had to buy Iskander-M short-range ballistic missiles system to balance the volatile situation in the Caucasus, Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan said. DARPA funding second Tern test vehicle 2 days ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- DARPA has begun funding a second demonstration vehicle to support the third phase of Tern, a joint project with ONR and Northrop Grumman. Spain receives first Airbus A400M transport 2 days ago MADRID, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- Airbus Defense and Space has delivered the first of 27 Spanish-made A400M airlifters to the Spanish air force. Damen modifying patrol boats for Jamaica 2 days ago GORINCHEM, Netherlands, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- Damen Shipyards Group of the Netherlands reports it is currently modifying two patrol boats it has sold to the Jamaica Defense Force. Rheinmetall to supply combat training technology for African country 2 days ago BERLIN, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- Rheinmetall has received a contract to modernize and expand a live combat training facility from a country in the Middle East-North Africa region. Officials announce missile cooperation between U.K., France 2 days ago PARIS, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- Government officials from Britain and France have agreed to cooperate further on missile defense development. South Korea to buy Large Aircraft Infrared Countermeasures from U.S. 2 days ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- The U.S. State Department has approved a proposed foreign military sale of Large Aircraft Infrared Countermeasure systems to South Korea. Trending Stories Armenian president: We had to buy Iskander-M missiles from Russia State Dept. approves sale of 72 F-15 fighters to Qatar DuPont to end pension contributions, freeze benefit plans Wells Fargo faces new restrictions from banking regulator Russia to build heavy-duty radar station near Murmansk UPI Photos Notable Deaths of 2016 In photos: Alicia Machado 2016 NY Comic Con In photos: Trump's 'silent majority' Celebrities turning 50 in 2016 Best of the 2016 MLB postseason Pregnant celebrities of 2016 Sasha and Malia Obama through the years ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Business News / Security Industry State Dept. approves sale of 72 F-15 fighters to Qatar By Ryan Maass   |   Nov. 18, 2016 at 1:03 PM Follow @upi Comments Sign up for our Security newsletter WASHINGTON, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- The U.S. State Department has approved a proposed $21.1 billion foreign military sale to the government of Qatar for 72 F-15QA aircraft. In addition to the multirole fighters, Qatar will also receive associated weapon packages, ground support, training materials and maintenance equipment. In a statement released by the U.S. Defense Security Cooperation agency, government officials say the sale is intended to bolster foreign policy interests. The proposed sale is intended to improve Qatar's ability to meet air-to-air and air-to-ground enemy threats and improve homeland defense capabilities. The U.S. State Department's approval comes just weeks after the British government released a statement upgrading Qatar's terrorism threat from "underlying" to "general". U.S. officials say the sale will not affect the basic military balance in the Middle East. Aerospace giant Boeing has been listed as the prime contractor for the sale, with additional support from Elbit Systems, BAE Systems, Lockheed Martin and others. The Boeing-made F-15 Strike Eagle is a twin-engine fighter designed for multi-role capabilities. Additional customers in the Middle East include the governments of Saudi Arabia and Israel. Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Armenian president: We had to buy Iskander-M missiles from Russia DARPA funding second Tern test vehicle Spain receives first Airbus A400M transport Comments Latest Headlines Rosoboronexport to unveil anti-terrorist project at IDEAS-2016 1 day ago MOSCOW, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- Rostec subsidiary Rosoboronexport will present its "Anti-terrorism and Law Enforcement" project at IDEAS-2016 in Pakistan. State Dept. approves sale of 40 F/A-18 fighters to Kuwait 1 day ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- The U.S. State Department has approved a possible $10.1 billion foreign military sale of 40 F/A-18 aircraft to the government of Kuwait. L-3 to deliver switchgear equipment for Ohio-class replacement subs 2 days ago NEW YORK, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- L-3 Communications has been contracted to deliver switchgear equipment to support the U.S. Navy's Ohio-class submarine replacement program. Armenian president: We had to buy Iskander-M missiles from Russia 2 days ago Yerevan had to buy Iskander-M short-range ballistic missiles system to balance the volatile situation in the Caucasus, Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan said. DARPA funding second Tern test vehicle 2 days ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- DARPA has begun funding a second demonstration vehicle to support the third phase of Tern, a joint project with ONR and Northrop Grumman. Spain receives first Airbus A400M transport 2 days ago MADRID, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- Airbus Defense and Space has delivered the first of 27 Spanish-made A400M airlifters to the Spanish air force. Damen modifying patrol boats for Jamaica 2 days ago GORINCHEM, Netherlands, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- Damen Shipyards Group of the Netherlands reports it is currently modifying two patrol boats it has sold to the Jamaica Defense Force. Rheinmetall to supply combat training technology for African country 2 days ago BERLIN, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- Rheinmetall has received a contract to modernize and expand a live combat training facility from a country in the Middle East-North Africa region. Officials announce missile cooperation between U.K., France 2 days ago PARIS, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- Government officials from Britain and France have agreed to cooperate further on missile defense development. South Korea to buy Large Aircraft Infrared Countermeasures from U.S. 2 days ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- The U.S. State Department has approved a proposed foreign military sale of Large Aircraft Infrared Countermeasure systems to South Korea. Trending Stories Armenian president: We had to buy Iskander-M missiles from Russia DuPont to end pension contributions, freeze benefit plans Wells Fargo faces new restrictions from banking regulator Russia to build heavy-duty radar station near Murmansk Zuckerberg outlines steps to cut down on 'fake' Facebook news stories UPI Photos Notable Deaths of 2016 In photos: Alicia Machado 2016 NY Comic Con In photos: Trump's 'silent majority' Celebrities turning 50 in 2016 Best of the 2016 MLB postseason Pregnant celebrities of 2016 Sasha and Malia Obama through the years ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
null
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 18:00 GMT, Nov 20, 2016 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More WADA Director General caught on hot mic – 'We’re not desperate' for Russia return (RT EXCLUSIVE) HomeAmerica ‘Doomsday plane’ circles Denver during covert naval mission (VIDEO) Published time: 18 Nov, 2016 16:53Edited time: 19 Nov, 2016 11:31 Get short URL US Navy Boeing E-6B Mercury © Arcturus / Wikipedia The US Navy has confirmed that a mysterious plane spotted circling over Denver for at least an hour on Wednesday was one of its fleet – but says details of its mission are classified. TrendsViral The presence of the military plane in the Denver skies caught the attention of many planespotters curious to find out why the large aircraft was hanging over the city in a holding pattern. Why is such a large #MILITARY plane flying over the US & no one seems to know who or what it was doing?? Mystery flight circles over Denver— SL (@SLandinSoCal) November 17, 2016 After the ships who disappeared now you have the circling plane that no 1 knows anything about https://t.co/6ApuazbRuw@mylesartltd@hl10pm— AudreyA. (@AudreyAurus1) November 17, 2016 Local news outlet Denver7 tracked flight IRON99 as it traveled from the west coast to Oklahoma. The plane eventually landed at Tinker Air Force Base in Oklahoma city after an hour loitering above Denver. The news station’s initial attempts to find where the plane originated proved fruitless as officials from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), U.S. Northern Command (NORTHCOM), U.S. Strategic Command (STRATCOM), North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) and a dozen Air Force Bases could not confirm the flight. The next day, however, the Navy confirmed that the mysterious aircraft was in fact one of its E-6B Mercury planes, known as the ‘Doomsday plane’, and was simply returning to its homebase. These planes, created by Boeing at a cost of $141.7 million per unit, have the capability to launch nuclear missiles and communicate with nuclear submarines. The overall mission of the E-6B is to provide “command, control and communications abilities between the National Command Authority (NCA) and U.S. strategic and non-strategic forces.”   The US Navy has a total of 16 of these powerful military aircraft in its fleet. "Mysterious" plane circling over Denver was "just" an E-6B Mercury "doomsday” plane https://t.co/SqJlBkdIqgpic.twitter.com/oE0BBWrhFL— The Aviationist (@TheAviationist) November 17, 2016 No further details of this particular mission were disclosed, however Denver7 reported that a high-ranking federal official, who wasn't authorized to speak publicly on the matter, said the plane was involved in a classified training mission organized by the Department of Defense. The officer claimed this was a multi-agency operation regarding electronic surveillance and that these training missions were not unusual, nor were they typically made known to the public. A video of the incident shows the white four-engine plane glide across the Denver sky leaving lengthy contrails in its wake. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2016. All rights reserved.
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New Updated 11/20/16 12:40 PM EST Kissinger: Don't expect Trump to maintain all his promises By David Cohen "One should not insist on nailing [Trump] into positions that he had taken in the campaign," he said. Presidential Transition 11/20/16 12:21 PM EST Trump cranks up speed of transition By Matthew Nussbaum But he still takes some time out for Twitter feuds. 11/20/16 11:52 AM EST Rand Paul slams State contenders Bolton, Giuliani By Patrick Temple-West “Giuliani and Bolton are out there on the extreme," the GOP senator says. The Queen to invite Donald Trump to U.K. By Joanna Plucinska Theresa May's government considers the monarch a 'secret weapon' in efforts to maintain close relations with Washington. 11/20/16 11:19 AM EST Ethics reform bill a Trump priority, Pence says By Patrick Temple-West “The president-elect is determined to move ethics reform in the next year in the Congress.” 11/20/16 11:08 AM EST Former CIA director pleased with Pompeo pick By Rebecca Morin "I actually am aware that the broader intelligence community was heartened by that pick," Michael Hayden says. Updated 11/20/16 11:08 AM EST Priebus: Citizens of certain countries will be barred By Patrick Temple-West "We will try to pinpoint the problems and temporarily suspend those areas from coming into the United States.” 11/20/16 10:34 AM EST New York Democrat Rice supports Tim Ryan's bid to unseat Pelosi By John Bresnahan The former prosecutor is the first to publicly announce support for Ryan. 11/20/16 10:31 AM EST TRUMP huddling with ARI EMANUEL today -- HE’S NOT THROWING AWAY HIS SHOT: Trump continues criticism of Hamilton -- SNL’s TRUMP cold-open -- SCHUMER on Trump: ‘He was not my friend’ -- B’DAY: Joe Biden By Jake Sherman, Anna Palmer and Daniel Lippman Updated 11/20/16 09:58 AM EST Trump calls retired Gen. Mattis 'impressive' By Bryan Bender Trump on Sunday morning called retired Marine General James Mattis "impressive." 11/20/16 09:47 AM EST Pence: Trump to push repeal of Obamacare By Patrick Temple-West "He wants to focus out of the gate on repealing Obamacare," the vice president-elect says. 11/20/16 09:30 AM EST Trump talks up 'good relationship' with Schumer By POLITICO Staff The president-elect expressed optimism that he can get things done with Sen. Chuck Schumer. 11/20/16 09:09 AM EST Trump's wide-ranging Saturday meetings By Matthew Nussbaum Among those he met with: Mitt Romney, Michelle Rhee and retired Gen. James Mattis. 11/20/16 09:03 AM EST Schumer lays out where Democrats can work with Trump By Patrick Temple-West The New York senator sees area of common ground. 11/20/16 08:59 AM EST Trump slams 'SNL' sketch By Rebecca Morin He also doubles down on his criticism of "Hamilton." Germany: Angela Merkel to run for fourth term By Janosch Delcker The German chancellor is expected to make a formal announcment later Sunday. Tony Blair: Theresa May is a 'lightweight' By Joanna Plucinska As he tries to return to politics, the former British prime minister also criticized Labor leader Jeremy Corbyn. Doctors link tanning beds with cigarettes to make cancer case By Carmen Paun A European Commission report on safety of tanning beds is due by the end of the month. The Big Idea 11/20/16 07:37 AM EST How the Left Created Trump By Rob Hoffman Nov. 8 represented an explosion of anger on the right at years of smugness and disdain by liberals. Washington And The World 11/20/16 07:18 AM EST Team Trump’s Message: The Clash of Civilizations Is Back By Michael Hirsh From Bannon’s defense of the “Judeo-Christian West” to Flynn’s attacks on Muslims, some nat sec experts fear the incoming Trump administration believes... Congress Updated 11/20/16 07:14 AM EST House Democrats lament blue-collar collapse By Maggie Severns and Theodoric Meyer Some fear that the party’s move toward urban and suburban voters will eventually shut Democrats out of former white working-class strongholds. Transportation 11/20/16 07:07 AM EST Trump's $1 trillion plan hits D.C. speed bumps By Lauren Gardner Donald Trump’s pitch for a $1 trillion upgrade of the nation’s roads, bridges, tunnels and airports is already running into potholes as it meets reality... Congress 11/20/16 07:01 AM EST Foes pile on Ellison in DNC chair fight By Daniel Strauss A top contender for party chair hits a roadblock. 11/19/16 10:46 PM EST Ronald Reagan enters presidential race: Nov. 20, 1975 By Andrew Glass On this day in 1975, Ronald Reagan announced his candidacy for the Republican presidential nomination, challenging Gerald Ford, who had moved into the... Updated 11/19/16 07:39 PM EST Trump: Hamilton cast harassed Pence By Rebecca Morin "Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!"... Updated 11/19/16 05:26 PM EST Alt-right celebrates Trump’s election at D.C. meeting By Katie Glueck “Donald Trump’s campaign was the first step towards identity politics in the United States,” cheered Richard Spencer, the president of the National Policy... 11/19/16 04:37 PM EST House Judiciary Democrats announce opposition to Sessions By Brent Griffiths “We have grave concerns with Senator Sessions’ potential nomination for this post and urge President-elect Trump to reconsider.” 11/19/16 03:53 PM EST Fox News’ Eric Bolling talking to Trump team about Commerce gig By Hadas Gold The news host was spotted at Trump Tower in New York City on Wednesday. 11/19/16 03:03 PM EST McCain warns Trump on torture, waterboarding By Michael Crowley "I don’t give a damn what the president of the United States wants to do. We will not waterboard,” McCain said. Presidential Transition 11/19/16 02:42 PM EST Trump offers olive branch to Romney By Brent Griffiths Romney called Trump a fraud earlier this year. On Saturday he shook Trump's hand. Fourth Estate 11/19/16 01:06 PM EST Stop Being Trump’s Twitter Fool By Jack Shafer By this time you'd expect that people would have figured out when Donald Trump is yanking their chain and pay him the same mind they do phone calls tagged... Backtalk 11/19/16 01:01 PM EST The Tea Party Movement Is Alive and Well—And We Saw Trump Coming By Jenny Beth Martin In an article POLITICO published this summer, a former employee of a PAC alleged that the 'Tea Party is dead,' claiming that bogus PACs had swallowed up... 11/19/16 12:01 PM EST Iran deal foe Schumer not ready to scrap it By Elana Schor, Burgess Everett and John Bresnahan The Senate Democratic leader says another year or two is needed to assess whether the pact is working. 11/19/16 12:00 PM EST SATURDAY MORNINGS WITH THE PRESIDENT ELECT -- PENCE booed at Hamilton -- The Playbook Interview: Andy Puzder -- STEVE BANNON speaks -- WEEKEND READS -- B’DAY: Matt Lloyd By Jake Sherman, Anna Palmer and Daniel Lippman Congress 11/19/16 12:00 PM EST Schumer on Trump: 'He was not my friend' By Burgess Everett, John Bresnahan and Elana Schor In a POLITICO interview, the minority leader addresses his relationship with the incoming president and the outlook for 2017. 11/19/16 11:55 AM EST Trump to meet with Christie on Sunday By Brent Griffiths Trump pulled the plug on Christie's leadership after finding the team stacked with lobbyists and Christie allies, and amid concerns over the fallout of... 11/19/16 09:51 AM EST Steve Bannon fires back at the media By POLITICO Staff Bannon said he wore the attacks on him as an “emblem of pride.” 11/19/16 09:21 AM EST Trump claims he settled fraud case because he was too busy By Brent Griffiths “The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!,” Trump tweeted. 11/19/16 08:31 AM EST Trump talks with 3 more world leaders By POLITICO Staff Trump so far has spoken to about three dozen world leaders. 11/19/16 07:42 AM EST Trump’s Twitter feed has suddenly gotten a lot more interesting By Madeline Conway With the president-elect in seclusion for transition work, his tweets are the only direct channel into his thinking. Presidential transition 11/19/16 07:41 AM EST Obama loyalists plot Trump resistance By Sarah Wheaton Alumni of the Obama White House spent days mourning Trump's win. Now they're ready to fight. Congress 11/19/16 07:40 AM EST Democrats plan assault on Trump's ethical conflicts By Darren Samuelsohn They're eager to make Republicans uncomfortable with oversight of a president who ran on a promise to 'drain the swamp.' Presidential Transition 11/19/16 07:39 AM EST Inside Chris Christie's fall from grace By Alex Isenstadt It was Trump himself who lost confidence in the New Jersey governor, transition sources say. 11/19/16 07:19 AM EST Breitbart may need to reveal business structure to secure Capitol Hill press credentials By Hadas Gold On Friday Breitbart News appeared before the Standing Committee of the Senate Press Gallery in order to secure permanent Capitol Hill credentials. But... Updated 11/19/16 03:35 AM EST Donald Trump's Cabinet-in-waiting: What we know so far By Andrew Restuccia The list features a wide range of political insiders, mixed with people from the business world. 11/18/16 11:56 PM EST Reagan and Gorbachev meet in Geneva, Nov. 19, 1985 By Andrew Glass For the first time in six years, on this day in 1985, the leaders of the United States and the Soviet Union held a summit conference. 11/18/16 09:07 PM EST Woodson says he's being considered for HUD position By Bianca Padró Ocasio Robert Woodson Sr. says he's being considered for a spot in Donald Trump's administration. 11/18/16 08:57 PM EST Huckabee says cabinet position discussed with Trump not 'the right fit' By Cristiano Lima "We talked about an opportunity," Huckabee says. "But you know, I'm not sure it was the right fit." Presidential Transition 11/18/16 08:43 PM EST Sessions pick as AG could spark exodus from civil rights division By Josh Gerstein A former leader says Justice staffers are alarmed by the Alabama senator's record on racial issues. US banks lay groundwork to leave London — reluctantly You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Donald Trump Mike Pence Paul Ryan Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Reince Priebus Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us Obama loyalists plot Trump resistance Democrats plan assault on Trump's ethical conflicts Schumer on Trump: 'He was not my friend' Inside Chris Christie's fall from grace Trump: Hamilton cast harassed Pence Stop Being Trump’s Twitter Fool POLITICO Morning Trade A daily speed read on global trade news Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Canada, Mexico to talk about the elephant in the room By Adam Behsudi 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST With help from Doug Palmer, Megan Cassella and Ben Weyl CANADA, MEXICO TO TALK ABOUT THE ELEPHANT IN THE ROOM: Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto will meet on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation leaders summit in Lima, Peru, this weekend to discuss the impact President-elect Donald Trump might have on NAFTA, a Mexican official told POLITICO. Story Continued Below “They will discuss NAFTA issues, vis-à-vis the big elephant in the room,” the Mexican official said, referring to Trump’s threat to withdraw from the agreement unless Canada and Mexico agree to renegotiate it. The two leaders plan to talk more often on their NAFTA strategy in the months to come, following Trump’s pledges to renegotiate or withdraw from the deal within the first 200 days of his presidency if certain demands are not met, Reuters reported Thursday from Ottawa. "The two men will run through a number of scenarios in Lima and talk about how to address them," Reuters quoted a source close to the matter saying. The source added that it was too soon to say what the leaders’ strategy would be given that they are unclear on what exactly Trump intends to do as president. IT’S FRIDAY, NOV. 18! Welcome to Morning Trade, where we’re wondering if news outlets should be thinking about setting up Trump Tower bureaus. Got anything to share on the trade front? Let me know: abehsudi@politico.com or @abehsudi. TRUMP CAMP PREPS NAMES FOR ECONOMIC TRANSITION: The Trump transition team is expected to send to the White House today the list of people who will be working with both the White House and various economic agencies to facilitate the transition. The names included on the so-called landing team for the economic agencies will then go live on the transition team’s website Monday morning, Republican National Committee chief strategist Sean Spicer said during a conference call with reporters on Thursday. The agencies included are the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative, Department of Treasury, Department of Commerce, Small Business Administration, the Federal Communications Commission and the Social Security Administration. A USTR spokesman told Morning Trade on Thursday that the Trump transition team had not yet been in touch about the transition. DIAZ-BALART: CUBA REGS TO BE UNDONE ‘PRONTO’: President Barack Obama’s steps to normalize relations with Cuba may not last long under a Trump administration, Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart, an outspoken critic of lifting the embargo, said on Thursday. Asked which Cuba policies he expected the Trump administration to reverse, Diaz-Balart replied: “All of them.” “All of these things that the president has done as unilateral concessions to the Castro regime, the days are numbered to all of those,” Diaz-Balart told reporters. “I expect it to happen pronto.” Pushed on the idea that rolling back flights could prove difficult, given that commercial flights have already started, the Florida Republican said it would be “very easy,” given that “the law states very clearly that tourism is illegal.” And on the idea that these flights are for reasons other than tourism? “All you have to do is with a wink and a nod say, ‘Oh, I’m going there to dance salsa, smoke cigars and drink rum on the beach, but I’m doing it as a religious spiritual endeavor,” Diaz-Balart said. “So you just literally have to check off a box. The next administration is going to follow the law. And that’s all that this takes.” TRANSITION KICKS INTO HIGH GEAR: Trump’s transition team kicked things up a notch after filing the last pieces of necessary paperwork late Thursday afternoon that enable it to start receiving briefings and to go into federal agencies. The document, called the Memorandum of Understanding or “MOU,” basically kicks off the transfer of power from one presidency to the next and lets the incoming Trump administration begin to think through its plan for the federal government. "The president has identified a smooth transition to the next administration as a key priority for his final year in office," said White House spokesman Brandi Hoffine. "Accordingly, administration officials across the government have been preparing for months to welcome the incoming administration and deliver to them the materials and resources they need to hit the ground running." "The president-elect's team has now completed the necessary steps for an initial group of authorized individuals to begin receiving briefings and other materials from our transition teams at select agencies across the government. We expect to receive additional names for a wider range of agencies from the president-elect's team as the transition work continues, and we will facilitate those requests on a rolling basis.” PORTMAN: MAKE NAFTA GREAT AGAIN: Sen. Rob Portman (R-Ohio) said the U.S. should update NAFTA rather than walk away from it and other trade agreements. Like Democratic Ohio Sen. Sherrod Brown, Portman advocated for a number of areas to be improved given the age of the pact, which went into effect in January 1994. "When it was negotiated, there was no e-commerce, as an example, which is a significant chapter now in all of our trade agreements," Portman said on CNN on Thursday. "It did not have the environmental or labor standards we now have in all of our agreements. ... And what these trade agreements let you do, if they're good agreements, is knock down barriers to our farmers and our workers." Brown had also called for stronger labor and environment rules, in addition to taking out investor-state dispute provisions and tightening rules of origin. Portman may also be amenable to those changes since he announced his opposition to the TPP on the grounds it did not have enforceable rules against currency manipulation and because its automotive rules-of-origin were too weak. Trump has threatened to withdraw from NAFTA unless Mexico and Canada agree to renegotiate it on terms more to his liking. Trump hasn't laid out his ideas in great detail, although he has zeroed in on Mexico's valued-added tax as one target of a renegotiation. HOUSE PASSES BILL BANNING IRAN AIRCRAFT SALES: House lawmakers on Thursday approved by a vote of 243-173 legislation that will prevent the Treasury Department from issuing licenses to finance aircraft sales to Iran. The bill also prevents the Export-Import Bank from facilitating transactions either directly or indirectly. “The Islamic Republic has a history of using commercial aircraft to transport weapons, missiles, troops, and cash to the Assad regime in Syria and its other terror proxies around the world,” said Rep. Peter Roskam (R-Ill.), who first introduced the measures. “The rogue state recently signed memoranda of understanding with both Airbus and Boeing to buy over 200 new planes, even as it continues its ballistic missile program and support for international terrorism.” But not everyone was happy with the bill’s passage. Rep. Denny Heck (D-Wash.) said the president would surely veto the legislation if it makes it to his desk because it could violate the terms of the Iran agreement, but he couldn’t guarantee that Trump wouldn’t eventually unravel the whole deal. “Part of the Iran deal was allowing Iran to purchase U.S.-made commercial airplanes if they are meeting the benchmarks of the agreement. If we walk away from this commitment, we are creating an unsafe and unstable situation not only in the Middle East but the entire world,” said Heck. “I don’t know how people sleep at night knowing this would place American manufacturing at a disadvantage, thereby allowing foreign competitors to take away these jobs, but also because we are telling Iran that the nuclear deal is off. When I ask the supporters of H.R. 5711 what their plan is to protect our nation after unraveling all the peaceful and productive progress we’ve made, all I hear are crickets.” FARM BUREAU CHIEF: TRUMP IS A TRADE PRESIDENT: American Farm Bureau Federation President Zippy Duvall said he doesn’t think Trump will abandon pursuing new trade deals — and the nation’s biggest farm lobby is even hopeful TPP could be revived. ICYMI, Duvall sat down with Pro Agriculture’s Catherine Boudreau for an interview. Here’s what he said on trade: “I think Trump knows the importance of trade, and his advisers that I talk to have said they understand how important trade is to agriculture. But agriculture always wins in trade treaties. What I heard was that Mr. Trump wants fair trade treaties that help all Americans, not just one segment. So I think Mr. Trump will be a trade president, but whatever he thinks is wrong with the deals we’ve got, I’m sure he’ll try to fix them. “Most trade treaties that are up for a vote when the administration is changing are taken up by the next administration. They change what they perceive as wrong with it and it’s moved along. Deals with Colombia, Panama and South Korea took five years after they were finished. TPP is a year old. So it is not out of the norm for it to be a long period of time to make it happen. “Trump is a businessman, and he didn’t want rural America to crumble. If agriculture crumbles, rural America will crumble.” How Burlington fired up an energy revolution: The newest installment of POLITICO Magazine's "What Works" series explores how Burlington — a former logging port on the shore of Lake Champlain — transformed itself into a global trendsetter in sustainable practices in power generation and food production. Read more. Photo gallery. INTERNATIONAL OVERNIGHT — Following a meeting at Trump Tower, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said the incoming president is one he has “great confidence” in, the BBC reports. — Donald Trump tweets that Ford has committed to him that it will keep its Lincoln production plant in Kentucky rather than moving it to Mexico, The Wall Street Journal reports. — Former Canadian Trade Minister Ed Fast criticizes the current government for appearing so willing to discuss NAFTA renegotiation, the Financial Post reports. — Nissan CEO Carlos Ghosn said his company can easily adapt to a NAFTA renegotiation, Reuters reports. — Australian Trade Minister Steven Ciobo downplays TPP’s fading prospects saying the country doesn’t have all of its eggs in one basket, the Australian Associated Press reports. THAT'S ALL FOR MORNING TRADE! See you again soon! In the meantime, drop the team a line: abehsudi@politico.com and @ABehsudi; mcassella@politico.com and @mmcassella; dpalmer@politico.com and @tradereporter; mkorade@politico.com and @mjkorade; and jhuffman@politico.com and @JsonHuffman. You can also follow @POLITICOPro and @Morning_Trade. « View Archives Authors: Adam Behsudi ABehsudi@politico.com @ABehsudi About The Author Adam Behsudi is a trade reporter for POLITICO Pro. Prior to joining POLITICO, he covered international trade policy for Inside U.S. Trade, where he tracked down the latest news on the Trans-Pacific Partnership from exotic locales such as Auckland, New Zealand; Kota Kinabalu, Malaysia; and Leesburg, Va. Before writing about anti-dumping, export controls and other trade subjects, Behsudi covered city hall for the Frederick News-Post. He got his start in journalism chasing crooked sheriffs and other crime-related news in the mountains of western North Carolina for the Asheville Citizen-Times. Behsudi earned his bachelor’s degree in 2005 from the University of Missouri. With the hope that journalism could return as a growth industry within his lifetime, he earned a master’s degree in interactive journalism from American University in 2010. Most Read Fox News’ Eric Bolling talking to Trump team about Commerce gig Trump's $1 trillion plan hits D.C. speed bumps McCain warns Trump on torture, waterboarding Trump offers olive branch to Romney Trump slams 'SNL' sketch Alt-right celebrates Trump’s election at D.C. meeting Foes pile on Ellison in DNC chair fight Team Trump’s Message: The Clash of Civilizations Is Back How the Left Created Trump Pence: Trump to push repeal of Obamacare Morning Trade - POLITICO Archive Friday, 11/18/16 Thursday, 11/17/16 Wednesday, 11/16/16 Tuesday, 11/15/16 Monday, 11/14/16 View the Full Morning Trade Archives » Politico Magazine How the Left Created Trump By Rob Hoffman Team Trump’s Message: The Clash of Civilizations Is Back By Michael Hirsh What Trump Voters Want Now By Michael Kruse How White Nationalists Learned To Love Donald Trump By J.M. Berger More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Sunday 20 Nov 2016 / Tehran - 21:31 / GMT - 18:01 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Economy Fri Nov 18, 2016 4:26 Official: Airbus to Deliver First Passenger Plane to Iran by Yearend Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- A senior Iranian aviation official announced that the giant aviation company, Airbus, will deliver the first passenger airplane to Iran by the end of 2016. "The first of 17 airplanes that the US Treasury Department has allowed to be sold to Iran will be handed over to us in the coming two months," Managing Director of Aviation Parts Holding Company of Iran Javad Hashemi Tehrani said. He noted that an A321 Airbus will be delivered to Iran Air, Iran's national flag-carrier airline, and said, "Airbus A321 is a narrow-body, mid-range jet." The Iranian officials had earlier announced that the country would receive 9 planes from Airbus before the end of the current Persian calendar year (21 March 2017) in case the obstacles for delivering the planes were removed.   Airbus announced in September that it had received the US Treasury Department’s approval to sell aircraft to Iran. The company – together with its American rival Boeing – had earlier this year sealed deals with Iran to sell some 200 planes to Iran. The announcement over the expected delivery of an Airbus plane to Iran came as lawmakers in the US are preparing to raise a bill at the chamber which would block the sales of planes to Iran. The House of Representatives is expected to take up, and pass, the measure as soon as this week. However, it is not expected to get through the Senate, where it would need Democratic support to advance. The measure would bar the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing a transaction by a US financial institution related to the export, or re-export, of commercial aircraft to Iran. And it would revoke any authorities enacted before the bill passed, such as those that allowed the Boeing and Airbus sales, it noted. It would also limit the role of Export-Import Bank financing of sales to Iran. On Tuesday, the US administration announced that President Barack Obama is set to veto an upcoming legislation to block sales of passenger planes to Iran on the grounds that it would breach a landmark nuclear agreement sealed with the country last year.         Related News Official: Airbus, Boeing Grant Iran Maintenance, Repair Rights  Japan's Mitsubishi Emerging as New Rival for Boeing, Airbus in Iran's Aviation Industry  Official Says 10 Airbus Planes to Be Purchased  Official: Iran to Finalize Contract to Purchase Airbus, ATR Planes Soon  Official: German, French Banks to Finance Iran's Purchase of Airbus, ATR Planes  LATEST STORIES (45) Holy Karbala: World Shiite Muslims Commemorate Arbaeen Iran Extends Condolences to New Delhi on Death of Nearly 100 Indians Iran, Morocco Keen to Bolster Mutual Cooperation Civilians Risk Their Lives to Flee Terrorist-Controlled Areas in Eastern Aleppo Iran, Japan Ink MoU on Inspectorate Cooperation German Company Mulls Investment in Iran's Projects Terrorists Agree to Hand over West Ghouta Stronghold to Syrian Army 7 Schoolchildren Killed in Militant Shelling of Government-Held West Aleppo Syrian Soldiers Engage in Tough Clashes with ISIL Invaders in Deir Ezzur Slovenian President Due in Tehran on Tuesday ISIL Fails to Prevail Over Gov't Forces' Positions East of Syria's Homs Iran, Armenia Opt for Boosting Economic Ties Syria: Hundreds of Army Soldiers Arrive in Eastern Aleppo Syrian Army, Air Force Launch Massive Military Operations in Lattakia, Hama Provinces Nusra Centers across Dara'a Province Receive Sever Blow in Syrian Army Attacks Holy Karbala: World Shiite Muslims Commemorate Arbaeen TEHRAN (FNA)- Millions of Shiite Muslim Pilgrims from across the world, including Iran, congregated in Iraq's Western city of Karbala to mourn the 40th day after the martyrdom of Shiite Islam's third Imam and his 72 companions over 13 centuries ago. [PHOTOS] Iran Extends Condolences to New Delhi on Death of Nearly 100 Indians TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi extended his country's condolences on the occasion of the death of around 100 Indian passengers of a derailed train. Iran, Morocco Keen to Bolster Mutual Cooperation TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian and Moroccan officials voiced their willingness to expand their cooperation in different areas. Civilians Risk Their Lives to Flee Terrorist-Controlled Areas in Eastern Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- A group of Syrian citizens managed to escape from areas under the control of the terrorists in the Eastern parts of the city of Aleppo. Iran, Japan Ink MoU on Inspectorate Cooperation TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian and Japanese officials in a meeting in Bangkok signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) to broaden their cooperation in monitoring and inspectorate fields. German Company Mulls Investment in Iran's Projects TEHRAN (FNA)- Officials of German Linde Company in a meeting with directors of Iran's Bandar Imam Petrochemical Company voiced their willingness to cooperate with Iran Terrorists Agree to Hand over West Ghouta Stronghold to Syrian Army TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Army's devastating attacks and advances in Western Ghouta have forced the terrorist groups in Khan al-Sheih region to ask the government forces for a revival of the negotiations after they pushed the last round of peace talks into failure. 7 Schoolchildren Killed in Militant Shelling of Government-Held West Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- At least seven schoolchildren and one woman were killed and dozens injured in fresh attacks on educational and health facilities in government-held Western Aleppo. Syrian Soldiers Engage in Tough Clashes with ISIL Invaders in Deir Ezzur TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian Army soldiers repelled a massive offensive of the ISIL terrorists on their positions near Deir Ezzur airbase, inflicting a heavy death toll on invading militants, while the country's Air Force carried out simultaneous air raids on militants' gatherings in the battlefield. Slovenian President Due in Tehran on Tuesday TEHRAN (FNA)- Slovenian President Borut Pahor is due to arrive in Iran on November 22 to inaugurate his country's embassy in Tehran. ISIL Fails to Prevail Over Gov't Forces' Positions East of Syria's Homs TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian Army troops fended off an ISIL assault on their positions near a village in Eastern Homs, inflicting major losses on the militants. Iran, Armenia Opt for Boosting Economic Ties TEHRAN (FNA)- Governor of Iran's Customs House Massoud Karbasyan and Armenian Minister of Economic Development and Investment Suren Karayan in a meeting in Tehran underlined the need for broadening mutual cooperation in economic and trade fields. Syria: Hundreds of Army Soldiers Arrive in Eastern Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- A long convoy of more Syrian Army soldiers has arrived in Aleppo to join the government forces' anti-terrorism operation in the Eastern districts of the city, military sources said Sunday. Syrian Army, Air Force Launch Massive Military Operations in Lattakia, Hama Provinces TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army and air force conducted large-scale military operations against the terrorists in Lattakia and Hama provinces, inflicting heavy losses on the terrorists. Nusra Centers across Dara'a Province Receive Sever Blow in Syrian Army Attacks TEHRAN (FNA)- Fatah al-Sham Front (previously known as the al-Nusra Front) suffered a heavy death toll and its bases in Dara'a and other regions across the province sustained major damage in the Syrian Army troops' attacks and ambush operations. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2016 ©
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Science First Look Why Stephen Hawking says we have 1,000 years to find a new home Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Steve Bannon: 'Darkness is good' for political power Obama mulls removing NSA chief, as Trump ponders promoting him Atlas V rocket launches next-gen weather satellite into orbit Global News Blog Why Sweden launched a 'mansplaining' hotline Given the challenges of the next millennium, the famed British theoretical physicist says that humans should hedge their bets by going out into space before it's too late. By Weston Williams, Staff November 17, 2016 Save for later Saved Physicist Stephen Hawking sits on stage during an announcement of the Breakthrough Starshot initiative with investor Yuri Milner in New York April, 12, 2016. Lucas Jackson/Reuters/File View Caption About video ads View Caption of Renowned theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking said in a speech at Oxford University Union that humanity only has about 1,000 years left of viable existence if it doesn't leave the planet and colonize the stars. The professor argued that humanity is unlikely to survive all of the different crises we will face over the next millennium. But humans can avoid extinction, he said, if we have colonized other planets by that time, giving humanity a fighting chance away from our "fragile" Earth. Dr. Hawking's prediction may seem gloomy, but much of his speech took an optimistic tone. After all, a thousand years is a long time to figure out how to colonize space, and plans are already underway for humans to visit Mars with an ultimate goal of colonizing the red planet. Scientists continue to discover potentially habitable exoplanets elsewhere in the galaxy that could potentially be new homes for humans – if we can make it there. Recommended: Could you pass Astronomy 101? Take the quiz! During his speech, Hawking noted that the biggest and most immediate challenge for humanity will come in the next century, with threats such as potential nuclear terrorism, climate change, and the rise of artificial intelligence potentially outcompeting humans foremost in his mind, according to The Washington Post. Test your knowledge Could you pass Astronomy 101? Take the quiz! Photos of the Day Photos of the Weekend "Although the chance of a disaster to planet Earth in a given year may be quite low, it adds up over time, and becomes a near certainty in the next 1,000 or 10,000 years," Hawking said in the speech. "By that time we should have spread out into space, and to other stars, so a disaster on Earth would not mean the end of the human race." NASA has already discovered thousands of exoplanets using telescopes like Kepler, which can detect planets based on fluctuations in light created by planets passing between their stars and the telescope. While only a few are potentially habitable, and almost all are out of the reach of current technology, a rapid increase in our ability to detect Earth-like planets and the development of new propulsion methods could one day lead us to multiple new worlds for future generations to inhabit. While large-scale colonization of space still feels like a goal rooted more in science fiction than science fact, Elon Musk, the founder and chief executive officer of Tesla and SpaceX, unveiled a plan last September to begin colonizing Mars by 2024, beating NASA's timetable for such a task by 10 years, as the Christian Science Monitor's Lonnie Shekhtman reported: Mars' first colonists will contend with unprecedented obstacles. First there's the hefty price tag. Under current conditions, Musk estimates that a trip to Mars would cost about $10 billion per person. (By comparison, NASA pays $70 million per seat to fly on a Russian spacecraft to the International Space Station). By some projections, it  would cost NASA around $100 billion over 30 years to send astronauts there and bring them back. Other predictions have attached a $500 billion price tag to the trip. As of today, there isn’t a rocket in operation that can transport humans even to the moon, which is 200 times closer to Earth than Mars. To make colonization sustainable, Musk says, would require reducing the cost to about $200,000 per person, or approximately the median cost of a house in the United States. Achieving that would involve making rockets reusable and increasing capacity and efficiency of the Mars journey. Musk estimates that SpaceX initially would need to build a fleet of about 1,000 ships, carrying 100 people, departing from Earth every 26 months to make the venture economically viable. "The key is making this affordable to anyone who wants to go," Musk said.   While exploration farther into space stalled after the end of the cold war, the growing role of private space companies in recent years has created a new kind of space race between corporations such as Boeing, Blue Origin, and SpaceX. The commercial nature of corporate space programs ensures a cash flow that traditional government agencies can't always count on. Private companies often collaborate with NASA to facilitate many of the government agency's more ambitious projects, including the co-development of NASA and Boeing's  Space Launch System, a heavy-lift rocket for deep space exploration, as the Monitor previously reported. This kind of collaboration might allow humanity to spread out into space before we hit Hawking's expiration date in 1,000 years. "Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet," Hawking said, according to The Independent. "Try to make sense of what you see, wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at. It matters that you don’t just give up." Next up Test your knowledge Could you pass Astronomy 101? Take the quiz! First Look What will Mars homes look like? London show house offers suggestions. Could there be a habitable planet just 4.25 light-years away? Earth-like schmearthlike: How should we talk about potentially habitable planets? What'd we miss? Tell us what angles to cover next. Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 Why Trump might not stop sanctuary cities: The Constitution The complicated racial past of Jeff Sessions The Trump voters you don't know Focus After election, some Americans seek news from the other side Oklahoma town sues energy companies over earthquakes Popular Now First Look New Zealand sea floor lifted by quake becomes cliff on a beach First Look Why Stephen Hawking says we have 1,000 years to find a new home First Look Chelsea Clinton: Why she might run for Congress Why Trump might not stop sanctuary cities: The Constitution Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules?   take the quiz Test your scientific literacy!   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Weekend Latest News First Look How SNL's 'the bubble' sketch about polarization is all too true Doing Good How innovation could preserve culture, as climate change uproots communities Movies 'Manchester by the Sea' is true to intricacies of family strife Movies 'Nocturnal Animals' has a sadistic edge that is punitive Movies 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them' has too much of a good thing Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today.com Sun logo Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Syria's Suffering Families ISIS Terror TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Making a Difference Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com Breakingnews.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Tech Tech News Gadgets Internet Security Innovation Mobile Tech Nov 18 2016, 7:34 am ET Is Apple Moving iPhone Production to the U.S.? by Arjun Kharpal, CNBC Share Share Tweet Share Email Print Comment advertisement One key iPhone maker is considering moving production of the smartphone to the United States, according to the Nikkei Asian Review. "Apple asked both Foxconn and Pegatron, the two iPhone assemblers, in June to look into making iPhones in the U.S.," the Nikkei Asian Review reported, citing a source. "Foxconn complied, while Pegatron declined to formulate such a plan due to cost concerns." Apple declined to comment when contacted by CNBC. However, Apple has long said the barrier to moving iPhone production to the U.S. is expertise, in addition to cost. "Foxconn follows a strict company policy of not commenting on any matters related to current or potential customers, or any of their products," a company spokesperson told CNBC via email. Taiwan-based Foxconn and Pegatron assemble iPhones in China. The news comes following Donald Trump's victory in the presidential election. The Republican president-elect has been vocal about how U.S. companies should be building their products in America. "We're going to get Apple to build their damn computers and things in this country instead of in other countries," Trump said in a speech in January. Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Donald Trump: Boycott Apple until they help FBI access shooter's phone 1:52 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/627040323592" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> He also said that he would slap a 45 percent import tariff on Chinese goods. But Beijing has hit back: In an opinion piece published in a state-backed newspaper, the Chinese government warned that iPhone sales and other American goods could suffer if such a plan were to go through. "A batch of Boeing orders will be replaced by Airbus. U.S. auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback, and U.S. soybean and maize imports will be halted. China can also limit the number of Chinese students studying in the U.S.," the Global Times article read. Manufacturing the iPhones abroad allows Apple to maintain a strong margin on its product. Apple is Foxconn's biggest customer but Chairman Terry Gou is worried about the rising production costs of such a move, the Nikkei reported, citing a source saying that costs will double. It's important to note that the discussions began in June, five months before Trump won the election. Analysts said it is still hard to quantify what such a move would mean for Apple's finances, but warned that there will be an impact. "If the world moves to a more nationalistic approach 'made in America, by Americans, for Americans' or 'made in China, by Chinese, for Chinese'... these variable conditions will likely impact margins, growth and suppliers exposed to the globalization trend of the last decade," wrote Neil Campling, head of global technology, media, and telecoms research at Northern Trust Capital Markets, in a note on Friday. "The same will likely make global tech a tougher place to invest in 2017," he said. Arjun Kharpal, CNBC Twitter Email Topics Tech News, U.S. news, World First Published Nov 18 2016, 7:34 am ET Next Story Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg Lays Out Plan to Combat Fake News advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2016 NBCnews.com
News Local news Clout Street Morning Spin: Why Chicago top cop Johnson is in Rome with Emanuel Rahm Emanuel, Eddie Johnson Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune Mayor Rahm Emanuel and Chicago police Superintendent Eddie Johnson on May 26, 2016. Mayor Rahm Emanuel and Chicago police Superintendent Eddie Johnson on May 26, 2016. (Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune staffContact Reporter Privacy Policy Welcome to Clout Street: Morning Spin, our weekday feature to catch you up with what's going on in government and politics from Chicago to Springfield. Topspin Chicago’s 80-strong, Mayor Rahm Emanuel-fronted delegation to see Archbishop Blase Cupich’s elevation to cardinal in Rome counts the city’s top cop Eddie Johnson among its number. Including Johnson with the political donors and dignitaries taking the charter flight for the ceremony underlines the importance of the moment -- and reflects the personal relationship he shares with Cupich, according to a Johnson spokesman. But it also could end up being bad political optics for the mayor and the superintendent if violence grabs headlines in Chicago while they’re touring St. Peter’s Basilica. Emanuel has the fight against crime at the forefront of his agenda, trying to overcome the city’s notorious national reputation and repair relations with residents who live in neighborhoods where they don’t feel safe or trust police. Time and again, he has pointed to Johnson’s tireless work as key to that turnaround. Being out of town at crucial moments has been an issue for Emanuel before. When his school board closed dozens of public schools in 2013, he was vacationing with his family at a ski area in Utah, a fact not lost on his critics. And when a Chicago police officer shot and killed teenager Quintonio LeGrier and mother of five Bettie Jones on the West Side last December, Emanuel was in Cuba on a family trip. Emails released months later showed the mayor contacting staff from there to keep close tabs on the public fallout from the shootings. In this case, Johnson’s inclusion in the Rome trip will not compromise the decision-making at CPD, according to department spokesman Anthony Guglielmi. The superintendent is checking in via phone regularly with First Deputy Superintendent Kevin Navarro and other department officials, Guglielmi said. “There won’t be any breakdown,” Guglielmi said. “The department is bigger than any one individual.” (John Byrne)   What's on tap *Mayor Rahm Emanuel and Gov. Bruce Rauner are in Rome to watch Archbishop Blase Cupich get elevated to cardinal. *City Treasurer Kurt Summers will be out with 47th Ward Ald. Ameya Pawar to promote holiday shopping at local merchants.   What we're writing *Suffering in secret: Illinois hides abuse and neglect of adults with disabilities. *Chicago aldermen call for city's animal shelters to become no-kill. *Chicago cop in LeGrier shooting death case mistakenly returned to street duty for four months. *CPS worker gave private student data to charter school network. *SEIU workers threaten to strike during busy holiday travel weekend.   What we're reading *Prosecutor admitted in FBI report that Englewood Four teens coerced into false confessions. *Just hasn't been the same since the "snap into it" ad campaign. *Table service coming to McDonald's, my good chap.   From the notebook *Kirk gets call from Bibi: Outgoing Republican U.S. Sen. Mark Kirk, defeated in his bid for re-election, said he received a call from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. “Got a nice call today from Israeli PM @Netanyahu. Told him I'll keep finding ways to strengthen US-Israel alliance after I leave the Senate,” Kirk said on his official Twitter account. In his losing campaign to Democratic U.S. Rep. Tammy Duckworth, Kirk was a prime opponent of the U.S.-led multinational deal to curb Iran’s ability to develop nuclear weapons. Kirk opposed the deal and warned Iran will still present a danger to Israel. (Rick Pearson) *Roskam gets win against Boeing: West suburban Republican U.S. Rep. Peter Roskam scored a win Thursday when the House voted 243-174 to approve legislation blocking the Treasury Department from issuing licenses to finance aircraft sales to Iran. Roskam, of Wheaton, has been a vocal opponent of allowing commercial aircraft sales to Iran, contending the country has a history of using such planes to transport weaponry and troops to assist the Syrian government. Iran recently agreed to purchase 200 new planes from Boeing and Airbus, prompting Roskam to push for the ban. It also prevents the Export-Import Bank from financing such sale agreements. (Rick Pearson) *The Sunday Spin: On this week's show, Chicago Tribune political writer Rick Pearson's guests are Rebecca Shi, executive director of the Illinois Business Immigration Coalition; Democratic political consultant Tom Bowen; and former Republican state Sen. Matt Murphy of Palatine. The "Sunday Spin" airs from 7 to 9 a.m. on WGN 720-AM.   Follow the money  *Track Illinois campaign contributions in real time here and here.   Beyond Chicago *Trump Cabinet candidate list grows with Romney, Petraeus. *Trump son-in-law looking at White House role. *Trump plans Jersey getaway weekend. *Ohio Democrat comes out of nowhere to challenge Pelosi for House minority leader. Copyright © 2016, Chicago Tribune Eddie Bernice Johnson Rahm Emanuel Mark Kirk Peter Roskam Export-Import Bank of the United States Ameya Pawar Archbishop Blase Cupich's influence to grow with elevation to cardinal Taxpayer-funded group to pay for Emanuel's trip to see Cupich become cardinal Rahm and Rauner sing 'Kumbaya' ahead of Roman holiday Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 31°
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Hardware Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Apple is exploring moving iPhone production to the US: Report Arjun Kharpal | @ArjunKharpal Friday, 18 Nov 2016 | 5:07 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Apple may make iPhones in the USA: reports </p> <p>A major iPhone maker is considering the possibility of moving production of the smartphone to the United States, according to a report.</p> Apple may make iPhones in the USA: reports    Friday, 18 Nov 2016 | 10:32 AM ET | 05:30 A key iPhone maker is considering moving production of the smartphone to the United States, according to the Nikkei Asian Review. "Apple asked both Foxconn and Pegatron, the two iPhone assemblers, in June to look into making iPhones in the U.S.," the Nikkei Asian Review reported, citing a source. "Foxconn complied, while Pegatron declined to formulate such a plan due to cost concerns." Apple declined to comment when contacted by CNBC. However, Apple has long said the barrier to moving iPhone production to the U.S. is expertise, in addition to cost. "Foxconn follows a strict company policy of not commenting on any matters related to current or potential customers, or any of their products," a company spokesperson told CNBC via email. Taiwan-based Foxconn and Pegatron assemble iPhones in China. Getty Images An Apple employee hands over Apple iPhone 7 phones on the first day of sales of the new phone at the Berlin Apple store on September 16, 2016 in Berlin, Germany. The news comes following Donald Trump's victory in the presidential election. The Republican president-elect has been vocal about how U.S. companies should be building their products in America. "We're going to get Apple to build their damn computers and things in this country instead of in other countries," Trump said in a speech in January. He also said that he would slap a 45 percent import tariff on Chinese goods. Beijing hit back however. In an opinion piece published in a state-backed newspaper, the Chinese government warned that iPhone sales and other American goods could suffer if such a plan were to go through. "A batch of Boeing orders will be replaced by Airbus. U.S. auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback, and U.S. soybean and maize imports will be halted. China can also limit the number of Chinese students studying in the U.S.," the Global Times article read. Manufacturing the iPhones abroad allows Apple to maintain a strong margin on its product. Apple is Foxconn's biggest customer but Chairman Terry Gou is worried about the rising production costs of such a move, the Nikkei reported, citing a source saying that costs will double. It's important to note that the discussions began in June, five months before Trump won the election. Analysts said it is still hard to quantify what such a move would mean for Apple's finances, but warned that there will be an impact. "If the world moves to a more nationalistic approach 'made in America, by Americans, for Americans' or 'made in China, by Chinese, for Chinese'? The unwind of these variable conditions will likely impact margins, growth and suppliers exposed to the globalization trend of the last decade. The same will likely make global tech a tougher place to invest in 2017," Neil Campling, head of global technology, media, and telecoms research at Northern Trust Capital Markets, said in a note on Friday. Read the full Nikkei Asian Review report here. Arjun KharpalTechnology Correspondent Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
null
null
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 18:01 GMT, Nov 20, 2016 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More WADA Director General caught on hot mic – 'We’re not desperate' for Russia return (RT EXCLUSIVE) HomeAmerica US House halts commercial airline deals with Iran approved by Obama administration Published time: 18 Nov, 2016 03:39Edited time: 18 Nov, 2016 12:45 Get short URL © wikipedia.org House Republicans, joined by a handful of Democrats, blocked a sale of Boeing and Airbus airliners to Iran, which was previously approved by the White House in accordance with the international deal on Iran’s civilian nuclear program. Read more Trump-led US could become Syria’s ‘natural ally’ if it fights terrorism – Assad Thursday’s 243-174 vote passed a bill prohibiting the US Treasury Department from licensing the manufacturers and US banks that would finance the commercial aircraft sales to Iran Air. All of the “No” votes were cast by Democrats, but eight Democrats did vote “Aye” with an undivided Republican Party, which has a majority in the House of Representatives. The bill is expected to face stronger opposition in the US Senate, and President Barack Obama has threatened to veto it even if it passed there. Under an incoming President-elect Donald Trump, however, the bill has a better chance of becoming law. The commercial deals involve sales or leases of more than 200 jets, which would boost IranAir’s fleet after years of relentless sanctions. Boeing is an American company while Airbus is French, but it is still affected since 10 percent of its planes’ parts are made in the US. US authorizes F-15 fighter jet deal with #Qatar, worth over $21bln https://t.co/YNrcx1DyA0pic.twitter.com/aRKqITMFjl— RT America (@RT_America) November 18, 2016 Republicans argued the passenger aircraft could be used militarily by Iran, moving fighters into Syria. Opposition to the bill said tens of thousands of jobs were at stake in the deals estimated to be worth tens of billions of dollars. The Treasury Department assured that the licenses were under "strict conditions to ensure the planes will be used exclusively for commercial passenger use and cannot be resold or transferred to a designated entity," the Associated Press reported. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2016. All rights reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Business Jet Market 2016-2020 News provided by Reportlinker Nov 17, 2016, 20:05 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Nov. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- About Business Jets A business jet is an aircraft that is designed to transport small number of passengers. The travel prices for business jets are significantly higher than that of commercial airliners. These jets are usually owned and operated by corporations, individuals, government agencies, or commercial business jet operators that provide business jet charter services. Schemes such as Jet Card programs or fractional ownership allow customers to have the benefit of business jet travel without having to own one. Technavio's analysts forecast the global business jet market to grow at a CAGR of 6.91% during the period 2016-2020. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global business jet market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of business jet aircraft while taking into consideration the average price of light business jet, mid-size business jet, and large business jet. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Technavio's report, Global Business Jet Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Airbus - Boeing - Bombardier - Embraer - Gulfstream Aerospace Other prominent vendors - Dassault Aviation - Beechcraft - Diamond Aircraft - Eclipse Aerospace - Honda Aircraft Market driver - Advent of new development programs and financing techniques - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Stringent regulations and environmental policies - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Emergence of 3D printing and use of composite materials - For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report - What will the market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? - What are the key market trends? - What is driving this market? - What are the challenges to market growth? - Who are the key vendors in this market space? - What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? - What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst's time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p02403067-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-business-jet-market-2016-2020-300365649.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Nov 17, 2016, 20:07 ET Preview: US Market Report for Mechanical Thrombectomy Devices 2017 - MedCore Nov 17, 2016, 20:03 ET Preview: Global Commercial Blast Chillers Market 2016-2020 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 18, 2016, 05:41 ETCaribbean Telecommunications Report Q4 2016 Nov 17, 2016, 21:00 ETElevators Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth,... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Business Jet Market 2016-2020 News provided by Reportlinker Nov 17, 2016, 20:05 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 18:01 GMT, Nov 20, 2016 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More WADA Director General caught on hot mic – 'We’re not desperate' for Russia return (RT EXCLUSIVE) HomeAmerica US authorizes F-15 fighter jet deal with Qatar, worth over $21bln Published time: 18 Nov, 2016 00:50Edited time: 18 Nov, 2016 12:35 Get short URL U.S Air Force F-15 Eagle fighter © Ints Kalnins / Reuters A $21.1 billion sale of 72 F-15 tactical fighter jets to Qatar has been approved by the US State Department, according to the US Defense Security Cooperation Agency. Read more Qatar to convert US embassy in London into luxury hotel Congress was notified Thursday of the official certification of the international weapons deal, the Defense Security Cooperation Agency said in a statement. Aside from the F-15QA jets and an “associated weapons package,” the $21.1 billion deal also includes flight training in the continental US, ground support, “mission critical resources and maintenance support equipment,” weapons support and “test equipment spares,” as well as other logistical support and training programs. Top among the dozen contractors in on the deal is Boeing. Others include Astronautics Corporation of America, BAE Systems, Elbit Systems of America, General Electric Aviation, Honeywell Aerospace, Lockheed Martin, L3 Communications, NAVCOM, Raytheon, Rockwell Collins, Teledyne Electronic Safety Products and UTC Aerospace Systems. Two dozen US government representatives and 150 private contractor representatives will be assigned to implement the sale. State Dept approves possible $1bn sale of Reaper drones to UK https://t.co/IBUhP4rtlRpic.twitter.com/wodY44AV4W— RT America (@RT_America) November 17, 2016 Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2016. All rights reserved.
' Chile & Airbus Collaborate Defense & Aerospace | EDA Gets Budget Increase Ending Six Year Freeze | SK Investigating DAPA Suspicion of Intel Leak Advertisement Defense program acquisition news, budget data, market briefings Contact Editorial Advertising Feedback & Support Subscriptions & Reports Subscribe Paid Subscription in-depth program analysis & data sets Free Email Newsletter quick daily updates Log in Email Address Password Remember me Forgot your password? Not yet a subscriber? Find out what you have been missing. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Table of contents Chile & Airbus to Collaborate on Defense & Aerospace | EDA Gets Budget Increase Ending Six Year Freeze | SK Investigating DAPA on Suspicion of Intel Leak Nov 18, 2016 00:58 UTC by Defense Industry Daily staff Americas An agreement has been signed between Airbus and the Chilean government to pursue collaborative business development in the defense and aerospace industry. Both sides will cooperate on manufacturing and maintenance for future projects while exploring further possibilities. The Airbus deal is one of several agreements Chile has made with defense firms which includes a contract with Lockheed Martin to produce spare parts for C-130 aircraft. Middle East & North Africa The Turkish Defence Minister Fikri Isik stated that the first two of a batch of 24 more Lockheed Martin F-35 aircraft will be delivered in 2018. 24 of the Joint Strike Fighter will be ordered over the next three years, of which six, including the two expected in 2018, had already been ordered. Ankara has committed to procuring a total of 115 F-35s. Europe Greece has taken delivery of three second-hand CH-47SD heavy-lift helicopters. The transfer of the ex-National Guard Chinooks was completed on November 11. Seven more are expected by the end of 2017 as part of a $120 million deal with the US. European Defense Ministers agreed to raise the budget of the European Defence Agency (EDA) ending a six-year freeze. While small, the increase will see 2016’s $32.7 million increased to $33.1 for 2017’s activities. All 27 EU members gave their resounding support for the measure and will use the extra funds to develop and procure additional aircraft and other defense materials. Spain’s Air Force has received its first A400M transporter from Airbus. Aircraft MSN44 carried out its maiden flight from Airbus’s Seville final assembly site in September, and is the first of 27 examples on order for Spain. The delivery came days after Airbus announced that two A400Ms had successfully demonstrated the in-flight transfer of fuel using a fuselage-housed hose-and-drum unit. Asia Pacific South Korean investigators have raided the offices of the Defense Acquisition Program Administration (DAPA). An official from DAPA is suspected of leaking confidential information on military equipment to BAE Systems during a mismanaged project to upgrade the KF-16 fighter jet. The 2011 modernization award with the company has since been dissolved. Boeing is eager to sell its KC-46A aerial refueling tanker to India. The Indian Air Force has yet to procure a capability to refuel its C-17 and P-8I aircraft, and New Delhi has eyed up the Pegasus to fill such a role. A laborious search has been underway to fill a six multi-role tanker capability soon to be vacated by their aging IL-76 aircraft. Earlier attempts to procure Airbus A 330 MRTT never came to fruition. The first flight of India’s Rustom-II UAV has been successfully completed. Conducted by India’s Defense Research and Development Organization (DRDO), the drone accomplished all main objectives during the test, including takeoff, bank, level flight, and landing. While this marks a good milestone for the program, officials maintain that a lot more evaluation and testing needs to be done before operational evaluation and eventual entry into service with India’s military branches can take place. Today’s Video Live demonstration of South Korea’s K30 Biho twin 30 mm self-propelled anti-aircraft gun: Advertisement Categories: Daily Rapid Fire Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. Advertisement Archives MIL BIZ GEO DAY Aircraft Air Reconnaissance Blimps & LTA Craft Engines - Aircraft Equipment - Other Fighters & Attack Heavy Bombers Helicopters & Rotary Protective Systems - Aircraft Specialty Aircraft Transport & Utility UAVs Electronics & IT Avionics ECM Electronics - General Eng. Control Systems IT - Cyber-Security IT - General IT - Networks & Bandwidth IT - Software & Integration Radars Sensors & Guidance Signals Radio & Wireless Simulation & Training Land Equipment Engineering Vehicles Engines Other Equipment - Land Robots Soldier's Gear Tanks & Mechanized Trucks & Transport Logistics & Support Asstd. Support Equipment Bases & Infrastructure C4ISR Chemicals & HAZMAT Clothing Engineer Units Environmental Financial & Accounting Food-related Fuel & Power Intelligence & PsyOps Logistics Marketing & Advertising Medical MPs & Justice Power Projection Public Relations Signals Intercept, Cryptography, etc. Support & Maintenance Support Functions - Other Testing & Evaluation Military Overall Expeditionary Warfare Force Structure Forces - Air Forces - Land Forces - Marines Forces - Naval Forces - Space Forces - Special Ops Forces - Strategic Interoperability Leadership & People Memoriam Policy - Doctrine Policy - Personnel Policy - Procurement Security & Secrecy Training & Exercises Transformation Warfare - Lessons Warfare - Trends Naval Equipment Coastal & Littoral Engines & Propulsion - Naval Protective Systems - Naval Sensors - Aquatic Submarines Surface Ships - Combat Surface Ships - Other UUVs & USVs Ordnance & Guns ABM Ammunition Bombs - Cluster Bombs - General Bombs - Smart Explosives Grenades Guns - 20-59 mm direct Guns - 60+ mm direct Guns - Artillery & Mortars Guns - Naval Guns - Personal Weapons Guns - under 20mm direct Laser & EM Weapons Mines & Countermine-IED Missiles - Air-Air Missiles - Anti-Armor Missiles - Anti-Ship Missiles - Ballistic Missiles - Precision Attack Missiles - Surface-Air Non-Lethal Weapons Other Weapons Remote Weapons Systems Rockets Shells & Mortar Rounds Underwater Weapons Space GPS Infrastructure Launch Facilities Launch Vehicles Satellites & Sensors Space Warfare WMD Biological Weapons Chemical Weapons Nuclear Weapons WMD Defenses WMD Detection WMD Proliferation Corporation Airbus ATK BAE Boeing Consulting Firms DCNS Elbit Systems Finmeccanica GE General Atomics General Dynamics HAL Honeywell IAI L3 Communications Lockheed Martin MBDA Navistar Northrop-Grumman Oshkosh Other Corporation RAFAEL Raytheon Rolls Royce Rosoboronexport Security Contractor Small Business T&C - Big 5 Firms T&C - Booz Allen T&C - CSC T&C - EDS T&C - IBM T&C - Microsoft T&C - RAND Corp. T&C - SAIC T&C - SRI Textron Thales United Technologies University-related DID site Daily Rapid Fire FOCUS Articles Guest Articles Sharpen yourself Spotlight articles Industry Conferences & Events Contracts - Awards Contracts - Intent Contracts - Modifications Corporate Financials Delivery & Task Orders Industry & Trends Mergers & Acquisitions Partnerships & Consortia People Pre-RFP Projections & Assessments RFPs Rumours Innovation After-Action Reviews Corporate Innovations DARPA Design Innovations Field Innovations Logistics Innovations Materials Innovations New Systems Tech Procurement Innovations R&D - Contracted R&D - Private Science - Basic Research News Events Field Reports Politics Alliances Budgets Domestic Security Issues - Environmental Issues - International Issues - Political Legal Lobbying Official Reports Public Partnering Scandals & Investigations Think Tanks Projects Project Failures Project Management Project Methodologies Project Successes Americas Americas - Other Brazil Canada USA Asia Asia - Central Asia - Other Australia & S. Pacific China India Indonesia Japan Singapore South Korea Europe Britain/U.K. Europe - Other European Union (EU) France Germany Russia Middle East & Africa Africa - Other Iraq Israel Middle East - Other Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates (UAE) Other Geo Oceans - International Outer Space Polar Regions 2016 January February March April May June July August September October November 2015 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2014 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2013 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2012 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2011 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2010 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2009 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2008 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2007 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2006 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2005 January February March April May June July August September October November December White Papers & Events Advertisement Advertisement © 2004-2016 Defense Industry Daily, LLC | About Us | Images on this site | Privacy Policy Contact us: Editorial | Advertising | Feedback & Support | Subscriptions & Reports Follow us: Twitter | Google+ Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. One-stop tracking Our coverage for each program of record is centralized in one article to save time and provide comprehensive context. Catch up with new events Recent updates are highlighted upfront to make it easy to stay on top of programs over their lifecycle. Table of contents The table of contents can be moved on the side or folded to help you navigate within our reports. Exec summary Quickly catch up with just the latest updates, main events and milestones by hiding more granular details. Media gallery Each article comes with a gallery of relevant contextual images, charts, and videos. Clean printoutsOur articles print beautifully, without any of the clutter that often gets in the way on the web. Save as PDFExporting to the Adobe PDF format lets you read our content offline. Subscribe for more Check out our subscription plans to access our extensive defense program coverage. 7ads6x98y
null
Global Business Brief: How Trump could increase defense spending; UK wants 26 Reaper drones Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia The YouTube Effect: Intel Operations Move Out of the Shadows War in the Information Age Team of Drones Pulls Off a (Staged) Search-and-Rescue Mission Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing Defense One Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email → News Threats Politics Business Tech Ideas How Trump could increase defense spending; Backseat in an F-15; U.K. wants 26 Reaper drones; and more. By Marcus Weisgerber Read bio November 17, 2016 Topics The Global Business Brief Air Force AA Font size + Print Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article By Marcus Weisgerber Read bio November 17, 2016 A week after Donald Trump became president-elect, everyone’s still guessing what he means for defense. “Frankly, anyone that tells you they have the answer to that question is lying,” Thomas Spoehr, a retired Army lieutenant general who runs the Heritage Foundation’s Center for National Defense, said this week. Aside from an apparent consensus that it’s “good” — in the sense that the Trump administration wants to build up the military, and therefore financial gains for defense firms — the president-elect has made no detailed comments on the subject and has yet to pick a Pentagon team. But clues exist. Trump has relied on Heritage for defense advice, so put a bit more stock in what Spoehr and its other experts have to say. This week, the conservative think tank released its third annual “Index of U.S. Military Strength,” a 391-page analysis of the state of American armed forces and the threats they face. Subscribe Get The Global Business Brief in your inbox: The must-read news, analysis and insights about the intersection of business and international security. At a small breakfast Wednesday morning, its authors discussed their findings. From a business perspective, a few comments stood out. Navy leaders say they needs 308 ships to meet the minimal demands of the combatant commanders, but have just 272 right now. (Trump has called for 350 ships.) “Historically, they get about $15 or $16 billion a year for shipbuilding,” said Heritage’s Dakota Wood, who edited the report. “To reach 308, they would need $20 billion to $21 billion.” Wood also talked about the military’s efforts in the fields of robotics and unmanned systems. “They’re doing testing and experimentation,” Wood noted. “I’ve got my own quibbles on how they’re doing it, but the point is that they’re actually doing that.” And Spoehr, the retired Army general, said the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter is “showing some great promise.” Another thought: If Trump wants to swiftly start sending the military more weapons, he’ll have to do it with arms that are already in production, one defense expert tells me. That could include ramping up buys of F-35s; F/A-18 Super Hornets; Navy destroyers — you get the drift. That way he could show results quickly without timely development projects. How to pay for it? Here’s one way to persuade Congress to boost defense spending: tie it to Trump’s $1 trillion infrastructure plan, which might get money rolling to home districts, says Mackenzie Eaglen with the American Enterprise Institute says. Or, if fiscal hawks decline to repeal the Budget Control Act, the new administration could rely on the war budget, which is not subject to spending caps. While the Obama administration has refused to overtly use war funding to buy unrelated new equipment, the next gang might not. And about that war budget? Once upon a time, the extra money approved to pay for unexpected wars was dubbed the “emergency supplemental.”  The Obama administration renamed it the “Overseas Contingency Operations.” If Trump decides to use the account to rebuild the military, maybe he calls it the “Make Defense Great Again” budget. Send me your thoughts on OCO/MDGA/whatever. Welcome! You’ve reached Defense One’s Global Business Brief. Remember when I was stuck in Hartford a few weeks ago? Today, you’ll find out why (keep reading). Send your tips, comments, and random thoughts to mweisgerber@defenseone.com, or hit me up on Twitter: @MarcusReports. Check out the GBB archive here, and tell your friends to subscribe! From Defense One Decision Time: Half of US F-15s Need Overhauls — Or Retirement // Marcus Weisgerber In a backseat ride over New Hampshire, the Eagle shows why it’s still lethal, yet increasingly expensive. A Team of Drones Pulls Off a (Staged) Search-and-Rescue Mission // Patrick Tucker Lockheed Martin-Sikorsky merger leads to unique demonstration involving drones large and small. White House: $11.6B More Needed for ISIS Fight, Afghanistan // Marcus Weisgerber The request brings the expected 2017 price tag for both wars to $85.3 billion. I Flew In An F-15 Eagle It was awesome…and terrifying, but mostly awesome. The backseat ride came courtesy of the Massachusetts Air National Guard’s 104th Fighter Wing, nicknamed the “Barnestormers” because they fly from Barnes Air National Guard Base in Westfield, Massachusetts. I was surprised by all the activity at a National Guard fighter base — jets were taking off and landing all day — and by the depth of everyone’s knowledge about defense happenings in Washington. It was far more than talking points about readiness and the impact of sequestration. After I climbed into an F-15D behind Maj. Jay “Fat” Talbert, we took off midday and flew north. I went to college in New Hampshire and worked at a newspaper there after graduating, so the cockpit’s giant glass canopy afforded a new perspective on my old stomping grounds, from 16,000 feet with a near-360-degree view. Talbert flew us to Mount Washington, where radio towers poked through the low clouds over the peak, and a swath of restricted airspace allows Air Force pilots to fly high-performance maneuvers without worrying about commercial or civil aircraft. The G-forces on the body are extreme. I’m still in awe that the men and women that fly fighter jets are able to concentrate on other duties with this type of stress on the body. As Talbert executed rolls, high-speed turns, and dogfighting maneuvers, I was trying to hold down my lunch. I could see his head darting around up front. Mine was pinned to the back of the ejection seat. I could go on, but I’ll just leave you with this video put together by my colleague Ben Watson. (And here’s a longer bit of raw footage.) Boeing to Make Defense Cuts On a more serious note, Boeing announced it would cut 500 jobs across its defense and space business over the next four years. It will close facilities in El Paso, Texas; and Newington, Virginia; and shrink its business in Huntington Beach, California. “By the end of 2020 Boeing will reduce facilities space by approximately 4.5 million square feet,” the company said in a statement. It will also move some employees to other sites. Boeing said Los Angeles County would gain about 1,600 jobs; St. Louis, 500; and Huntsville, Alabama, about 400. Brits Eye Reaper Drones The U.S. State Department approved the sale of 26 MQ-9 Reaper drones to the U.K. Last year then-British Prime Minister David Cameron announced the Royal Air Force would replace its 10 Reapers with new ones, which it calls “Protector.” The deal, approved by State late Wednesday, calls for 16 MQ-9s with an option for 10 additional aircraft. The drones are built by General Atomics. Some Merger and Acquisition News A month ago we told you DigitalGlobe, the satellite imaging company, was acquiring Radiant, a big data company that does work for the intelligence community. The $140 million deal closed on Wednesday. Also, three niche defense and intel companies  — EOIR, Intelligent Software Solutions and PROTEUS Technologies — have joined to form Polaris Alpha. Washington-based private equity firm Arlington capital Partners announced the the new firm as “a leading provider of mission-critical technology, software, and solutions to premier customers in the defense and intelligence communities.” No GBB on Thanksgiving We’ll be taking the day off to be with our families, and thinking of the deployed troops who cannot. Marcus Weisgerber is the global business editor for Defense One, where he writes about the intersection of business and national security. He has been covering defense and national security issues for more than a decade, previously as Pentagon correspondent for Defense News and chief editor of ... Full bio Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article Most Read 1 The YouTube Effect: Intelligence Operations Move Out of the Shadows 2 War in the Information Age 3 How Special Operators Trained for Psychological Warfare Before the Mosul Fight Subscribe Get The Global Business Brief in your inbox: The must-read news, analysis and insights about the intersection of business and international security. Don't Miss Trump’s Foreign Policy Could Change the Entire International System Now What? Trump’s Long List of National Security Unknowns Crises from Europe to the Asia-Pacific Await Donald Trump Trump vs. the Generals The Marines Are Building Robotic War Balls Washington is Quietly Reinforcing Europe’s Northern Flank Russian Subs Are Reheating a Cold War Chokepoint Weapons of the Syrian War: Timeline and Overview If You Do This, the NSA Will Spy on You Obama’s Final Arms-Export Tally More than Doubles Bush’s Show Comments Loading... Hide Comments By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Defenseone.com does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. « Previous Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia Next » Rep. Schiff: ‘Grave Concerns’ About Trump’s Relationship to America’s Intelligence Community Global Business Brief: How Trump could increase defense spending; UK wants 26 Reaper drones Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia The YouTube Effect: Intel Operations Move Out of the Shadows War in the Information Age Team of Drones Pulls Off a (Staged) Search-and-Rescue Mission Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing « Previous Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia Next » Rep. Schiff: ‘Grave Concerns’ About Trump’s Relationship to America’s Intelligence Community Defense One About Contact Us Events Advertise Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Government Executive Nextgov Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2016 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from DefenseOne   Next Story  
clock menu more-arrow anonymous eagle Anonymous Eagle Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Fanposts Fanshots Golden Eagles Odds Shop About Masthead Community Guidelines StubHub more Fanposts Fanshots Golden Eagles Stories Schedule Roster Stats Yahoo Golden Eagles News Yahoo Golden Eagles Team Page Yahoo Golden Eagles Transactions Odds Shop About Masthead Community Guidelines StubHub ✕ BIG WIN! Marquette Women's Basketball upsets #18 Arizona State, 75-63! × Know Your Foe Marquette Basketball Marquette Men's Basketball Get To Know A Marquette Basketball Opponent: Michigan New, 1 comment Let’s learn a thing or two about the Wolverines. by Brewtown Andy@brewtownandy Nov 17, 2016, 9:00am CST tweet share pin Rec Rick Osentoski-USA TODAY Sports Name: University of Michigan Location: Ann Arbor, Michigan Founded: 1817 Enrollment: 44,178 WOAH. How much of that is law school or something like that? 28,963 undergraduates, along with 15,735 post-graduate students. Nickname: Wolverines Why “Wolverines?” It seems that Ohioans used that term to describe Michiganers back in 1835 during something called “The Toledo War,” although I have no idea why someone would fight a war over Toledo. Anyway, it was used by the people of Ohio to be disparaging about Michigan residents and it just kind of stuck as they took pride in being referred to as ornery. What’s the deal with the football helmets? It’s called a winged helmet, dating back when helmets were leather and there was literally a different colored piece of leather attached to the helmet. Herbert “Fritz” Crisler believed that the multi-colored helmet had tactical advantages in terms of finding teammates down field and brought the winged helmet usage with him when he transitioned from Princeton head coach to Michigan head coach and athletic director in 1938. Their fight song is pretty famous, isn’t it? Only if you consider John Phillip Sousa calling The Victors “the greatest college fight song ever written.” Notable Alumni: Gerald Ford, the 38th President of the United States; James A. McDivitt & Ed White, the crew of Gemini 4; David Scott, Alfred Worden, and James B. Irwin, the crew of Apollo 15 (Scott & Irwin left a Michigan Alumni Association chapter plaque on the moon’s surface); Google co-founder Larry Page; playwright Arthur Miller; actor James Earl Jones; actress Gilda Radner; director Lawrence Kasdan; assisted suicide advocate Dr. Jack Kevorkian; Bill Ayers, co-founder of the Weather Underground; US Supreme Court Justice Frank Murphy; Dr. Wallace Abbott, founder of Abbot Laboratories; Ted Kaczynski, aka The Unabomber; attorney Clarence Darrow; Edgar Gott, co-founder and 1st president of Boeing; John De Lorean, General Motors Vice President & designer of the car that bears his name; Branch Rickey; General Manager of the Brooklyn Dodgers when Jackie Robinson broke Major League Baseball’s racial barrier; Ann B. Davis, aka Alice the maid on The Brady Bunch; character actress Margo Martindale; Mark Metcalf, aka Neidermeyer in Animal House & The Master in Buffy The Vampire Slayer; author Brad Meltzer; Sid Meier, creator of the Civilization computer game series; Dr. Gregory House; NFL Network host Rich Eisen; boxing expert Bert Sugar; television journalist Mike Wallace; Chris Webber, Jalen Rose, Juwan Howard, Ray Jackson, & Jimmy King, collectively known as the Fab Five; and a whole mess of NFL players, including Tom Brady, Dan Dierdorf, Jim Harbaugh, Desmond Howard, Charles Woodson, and Crazy Legs Hirsch. Last Season: 23-13, with a 10-8 record in the Big Ten. They were sent to Dayton for the First Four and advanced to the first round, where they lost to Notre Dame. This Season: 2-0 with wins over Howard and IUPUI. Current KenPom Ranking: #36 KenPom Projection: 19-11, 10-8 in the Big Ten Stat Leaders Points: Derrick Walton, Jr., 16.5 ppg Rebounds: D.J. Wilson, 11.0 rpg Assists: Derrick Walton, Jr., and Zak Irvin, 3.0 apg Head Coach: John Beilein, in his 25th season in Division 1, and 10th season at Michigan. He’s 484-298 overall and 191-123 at Michigan. All Time Series: Michigan leads, 13-6. Marquette has won the only meeting since 1990, a 79-65 victory at the 2009 Old Spice Classic. Next Up In Marquette Basketball Marquette Women’s Basketball Drops #18 Arizona State, 75-63 Marquette Basketball Four Factors: vs Michigan The Quick & The Dirty: Pittsburgh 78, Marquette 75 Marquette Women’s Basketball Preview: vs #18 Arizona State The Dirty & The Dirty: Michigan 79, Marquette 61 Marquette Basketball Four Factors: vs Howard Trending The Quick & The Dirty: Pittsburgh 78, Marquette 75 Marquette Women’s Basketball Drops #18 Arizona State, 75-63 The Dirty & The Dirty: Michigan 79, Marquette 61 Marquette Women’s Basketball Preview: vs #18 Arizona State Marquette Basketball Revealed The Nike N7 Uniforms Find Tickets Tue Nov 22 IUPUI Jaguars @ Marquette Golden Eagles 6:30 PM - BMO Harris Bradley Center - Milwaukee, WI 199 tickets available Sat Nov 26 Houston Baptist Huskies @ Marquette Golden Eagles 6:30 PM - BMO Harris Bradley Center - Milwaukee, WI 305 tickets available See Full Schedule From our sponsor Stubhub Logo Team Shop Marquette Golden Eagles Brand Jordan Basketball Player Elite Shooter Performance Long Sleeve T-Shirt - Navy $64.99 Buy Now Marquette Golden Eagles Brand Jordan Basketball Performance Fleece Pullover Hoodie - Charcoal $74.99 Buy Now Marquette Golden Eagles Nike 2016 Elite Coaches Dri-FIT 1/2 Zip Jacket - Navy $63.99 Buy Now This Article has a component height of 21. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... Chorus FanPosts FanShots Masthead Community Guidelines Facebook Twitter YouTube Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs About SBN Company Blog Blog Openings Guiding Principles Vox Media Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Sports data © STATS 2016 tweet share
پارسی العربية اردو کوردی Türkçe English Mehrnews English Sun 20 November 2016 × Economy Home All News Iran World Politics Economy Culture Technology Sports Photo Cartoon Video Opinion Airbus contributes 2 planes to Iran’s air fleet News ID: 3827460 - Thu 17 November 2016 - 19:58 Economy TEHRAN, Nov. 17 (MNA) – Head of the Kish Free Zone has said since Iran-Airbus negotiations in Paris, the giant has contributed 2 Airbus A321s to Iranian air fleet. Ali Asghar Mounesan who was speaking to the press on the sidelines of the 8th International Iran Air Show in Kish Island on Thursday, said that the air giant would also improve Kish Air fleet age by contributing another 2 planes later; “the Airbuses are manufactured in 2007, which are relatively young and will improve the performance of the airline; we plan to add another 10 planes to increase the fleet to 20 planes, which includes 7 Boeing McDonnell Douglas planes and 3 Fokker 100,” he detailed. He told reporters that purchase of brand new aircrafts would be awaited due to financial reasons; “new aircrafts entail huge logistics and preparation in terms of repair and maintenance and operation, which should be economically justified and profitable; we are working on construction of a passenger terminal with a capacity of handling 4.5 million passengers annually, with special runway for Airbus A380 double-deck luxury planes,” Mounesan said. SH/3827378 Related News Iran Air Show 2016 kicks off Iran to purchase 500 aircrafts in 8 years Iranian knowledge-based firms to attend Aeromart Toulouse 'Aircraft purchase talks reach final stages' Int’l aerospace expo. opens in Tehran Boeing, Airbus grant Iran ‘maintenance, part manufacturing’ rights Tags Airbus Aviation Boeing Iran Iran Air Show Kish Free Trade Zone Comments Abdul Bashaija 2016-11-18 02:35 we need a stable world Comment * Name Email or Website * Your Comment * Please enter the correct answer 2 + 3 = TOP 10 Armenia after facilitating trade with Iran Leader makes new appointments in Army Ground Forces Iranian trade delegation to embark for Germany, Austria… Iran, Vietnam consult over parliamentary ties Pres. Rouhani congratulates Oman on national day Deputy-FM departs for Paris Larijani calls for further economic ties with Indonesia Iran, Malaysia hold deep parliamentary ties Killing of Nigerian Muslims unacceptable Iran to step up scientific coop. with Kazakhstan Mehr Vision 6th edition of ‘Mehr Vision’ reviews region’s top events Interview Tehran Short filmfest. brings together diverse… With wiser counsel, Trump’s views on Iran… Turkey would play a part in Trumpian ME architectu… Trump would bring about Turkey, Kurds reconciliati… Report MNA reelected to Tech. Cmte. as Baku hosts… Iran, Belgium ties at a new turning point Tehran, Caracas eye boosted ties in future Iran expanding cooperation with emerging… Op-Ed Aoun presidency, another rebalancing step… Georgian rugby UNiTEs to end violence against… It’s never too late to start running Transforming commitment into action on disaster… From organizational training to realization… Most Viewed US rigged system set Trump up for failure Tehran Intl. Short Filmfest. in frames Global oil giants return to Iran Iran, China, France to ink oil deal Iran to open LCs in Europe Iran eyes inking new oil deals worth $130bn Sun setting on US hegemony Côte d’Ivoire eying Iran’s agricultural help Trump would bring about Turkey, Kurds reconciliation Iran, Russia assess ways to boost strategic ties Latest News Pakistan screens Farhadi’s ‘A Separation’ Iran condoles with India on tragic train disaster Lavan Refinery to produce Euro 4 gasoline Massive Arbaeen procession in Shiraz Iranian knowledge-based firms to attend Aeromart Toulouse Damascus rejects eastern Aleppo's self-administration proposal Iranian IM opens FIDE Women’s GP with draw Tehrani citizens embark on Arbaeen march 8 killed, 32 injured in terrorist rocket attacks in Aleppo De Mistura arrives in Damascus to meet with Syrian FM 12 Iranians to vie at CCBF’s Young Illustrators Competition Karbala hosts world’s largest human gathering Faghani receives AFC 'Referee of the Year' award Arbaeen rally of Iranian students 1st VP appreciates Iraq hosting Arbaeen pilgrims Armenia after facilitating trade with Iran Russian military registers 41 ceasefire violations in 5 Syrian provinces Germany’s Linde major contractor of LNG project Iran’s taekwondo squad earns 5 medals Iranian trade delegation to embark for Germany, Austria on Sun. Top Desktop version Mobile version {site-title} Archive About us Contact us Links Advertise © 2015 Mehr News Agency. All rights reserved Powered by: Nastooh
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Elon Musk's SpaceX aims to bring super-fast internet to the world using more than 4,000 satellites It would increase the number of satellites in orbit by over 300 per cent Each satellite in SpaceX's planned group will weigh about 850 lbs (386 kg) They will orbit at altitudes from 715 miles (1,150 km) to 790 miles (1,275 km) System will provide broadband speeds of up to 1 Gbps for the end users By Reuters and Abigail Beall For Mailonline Published: 22:02 EST, 16 November 2016 | Updated: 06:46 EST, 18 November 2016 e-mail 92 shares 19 View comments Elon Musk's SpaceX has filed an application to send over 4,000 satellites into orbit around our planet. If the company is successful, it would increase the number of satellites in orbit by over 300 per cent. Together this swarm of satellites will serve to create a space-based worldwide internet network that could offer speeds of up to 1 Gbps for the end users.  Scroll down for video  Earlier this week, Elon Musk's SpaceX filed an application to send over 4,000 satellites into orbit around our planet. If this goal was achieved, it would increase the number of satellites in orbit by almost 400 per cent. Stock image SPACEX BUILDING THE INTERNET IN SPACE  Each satellite in SpaceX's planned group will weigh about 850 lbs (386 kg). They will orbit at altitudes ranging from 715 miles (1,150 km) to 790 miles (1,275 km). From this height each satellite will be able to cover an area on the ground about around 1,300 miles (2,120 km) wide.  The project, which Musk previously said would cost at least $10 billion (£8.03 billion), was first announced in January 2015.  The latest documents, which include technical details of the proposed network, did not mention cost estimates or financing plans.  The application was filed with the U.S. Federal Communications Commission last week. The California-based company, owned and operated by technology entrepreneur Elon Musk, has proposed an orbiting digital communications array that would eventually consist of 4,425 satellites, the documents show. The project would bring high-speed internet to all corners of the globe, vastly undercutting existing services in coverage and cost. The system will be able to provide broadband service at speeds of up to 1 Gbps per end user, the application says.  The aim of this network of satellites would be to provide high-speed internet to people around the world.   'The system is designed to provide a wide range of broadband and communications services for residential, commercial, institutional, governmental and professional users worldwide,' SpaceX wrote in its application.  The project, which Musk previously said would cost at least $10 billion (£8.03 billion), was first announced in January 2015.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Mystery around strange 'alien signals' deepens: Bizarre... Soon you could 'like' a photo with a SMILE: Facebook buys... Welcome to Ben Hur's shopping mall: Scientists uncover... Forget cramming: Having a NAP is just as good as last-minute... Share this article Share 92 shares The satellites will orbit at altitudes ranging from 715 miles (1,150 km) to 790 miles (1,275 km). From this height each satellite will be able to cover an area on the ground spanning about around 1,300 miles (2,120 km) SpaceX CEO Elon Musk (pictured) unveiling his plans to colonize Mars during the International Astronautical Congress in Guadalajara, Mexico, on September 27, 2016 The latest documents, which include technical details of the proposed network, did not mention cost estimates or financing plans.   Financial backers of the company include Alphabet's Google Inc and Fidelity Investments, which together have contributed $1 billion (£0.8bn) to Musk's space launch firm. MUSK'S MAIN COMPETITORS  Google: Just a few months ago, Google began the first tests on its balloon-powered Wi-Fi service, 'Project Loon.'  The concept works using a network of balloons, which travel along the edge of space to bring internet access to even the most remote areas of the world.   Facebook: Solar-powered drones, satellites and lasers are all being developed in the firm's labs to deliver the internet to underdeveloped countries. Small satellite manufacturers: Sierra Nevada and Britain’s Surrey Satellite Technology are both adept at making increasingly cheap small satellites. 'Today, 4.2 billion people (or 57% of the world's population) are offline for a wide range of reasons', according to a report by the UN Broadband Commission earlier this year. Getting high-speed internet to the masses would not be easy, which is why SpaceX would need to launch such a large number of satellites.  According to a database by the Union of Concerned Scientists, there are 1,419 active satellites currently orbiting Earth, so SpaceX's fleet would make it five times bigger. But the satellites proposed by SpaceX will not look like the satellites that currently orbit Earth. Each satellite in SpaceX's planned group will weigh about 850 lbs (386 kg) and be roughly the size of a Mini Cooper. They will orbit at altitudes ranging from 715 miles (1,150 km) to 790 miles (1,275 km). From this height each satellite will be able to cover an area on the ground about around 1,300 miles (2,120 km) wide.  The proposed SpaceX network would begin with the launch of about 800 satellites to expand internet access in the United States, including Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, the FCC filings showed.  Similar internet-via-satellite networks are under development by privately owned OneWeb and by Boeing. Such a system would provide a space-based alternative to cable, fibre-optics and other terrestrial internet access currently available.  The system will be able to provide broadband service at speeds of up to 1 Gbps per end user, the application says. The aim of this network of satellites would be to provide high-speed internet to people around the world ELON MUSK'S 'INTERPLANETARY TRANSPORT SYSTEM'  Last month, Elon Musk unveiled his most ambitious project yet - an 'Interplanetary Transport System' to take mankind to Mars in 80 days and build a sustainable human colony of a million people there. 'What I want to achieve is make Mars seem possible, to show that we can do it in our lifetimes, and you could go,' he said at the International Astronautical Congress in Mexico. However, he warned the trip was likely to be dangerous - and said candidates for the first missions 'must be prepared to die'.   The Interplanetary Transport System will use a giant rocket booster with a 39 foot (12m) diameter and 49 engines, and a special shuttle with a 56 foot (17m) diameter, making the entire rocket stack 400 feet (122m) high.  They will launch with empty fuel tanks and refuel in orbit. Once on Mars, they would make more methane fuel for the return journey.  SpaceX did not say when its launches would occur.   SpaceX's primary business is launching satellites into orbit for government and commercial customers. It also flies cargo supply ships to the International Space Station for Nasa. SpaceX rocket launches have been on hold since a launch pad accident in September that destroyed a $62 million (£49 million) Falcon 9 booster and a $200 million (£160 million) Israeli communications satellite.  The company hopes to resume flights next month. TWO THIRDS OF INTERNET USERS LIVE UNDER CENSORSHIP  Internet freedom around the world has declined in 2016 for the sixth consecutive year, according to a report released today. The Freedom on the Net report by the activist group Freedom House said online freedom was pressured by new restrictions on messaging platforms such as WhatsApp and social networks. Two-thirds of all internet users, 67 per cent, live in countries where criticism of the government, military, or ruling family are subject to censorship. Social media users face unprecedented penalties, as authorities in 38 countries made arrests based on social media posts over the past year.  Globally, 27 per cent of all internet users live in countries where people have been arrested for publishing, sharing, or merely 'liking' content on Facebook. Governments are increasingly going after messaging apps like WhatsApp and Telegram, which can spread information quickly and securely.  Two-thirds of all internet users live in countries where criticism of the government, military, or ruling family are subject to censorship, the new report found. A map showing the worst offenders (dark red) and the least (pale pink) is shown. Grey countries were not assessed Share or comment on this article e-mail 92 shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Girl won right to be frozen just days before dying Scrapped! 'Trump' backpedals from campaign promises in SNL skit Angry Trump supporter argues with Starbucks employee Hamilton cast deliver message directly to audience member Mike Pence The best gift of all: Come home for Xmas with Heathrow Airport Married woman shamed in Kenya after lover gets stuck inside her NASA camera picks up glowing pink 'UFO' above earth Viral video shows adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Supermodel Gigi Hadid fights off man who grabs her at Milan show Enemies no more? Romney meets with Trump to discuss cabinet post Last tiger of Palestine enjoys new freedom in South Africa Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called... Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election... President-elect attacks Hamilton saying Mike Pence was... 'It made us cry some more': Gold Star family of soldier... 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin... 'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down... Left to paddle to their deaths: Uncle and another man are... Strip clubs, drag shows... And the KKK: Troubling politics... All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks... 'I told her it was OK to close her eyes and go to sleep and... Melania and Barron Trump WON'T move to the White House so he... The icy tomb of Britain's frozen teenager: Pictured for the... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Blast arthritis with an 'Exocet' thumb implant: Using the latest technology... how joint replacement can... New super-Earth is discovered nearby: Exoplanet is found orbiting a star 33 light years away - and there... Does YOUR iPhone 6 Plus screen have 'Touch Disease'? Apple is now offering to fix the issue - for a fee Putin’s new hypersonic missile could reach Britain in 13 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon... Would you dare visit Jurassic ROBO-park? Watch the rampaging raptors and terrifying T-rex a Japanese... Bill Gates reveals 'noise cancelling for your nose' fragrance that can stop foul stenches by blocking odour... Is volcanic rock the answer to global warming? Study finds it can permanently trap carbon dioxide in just... 'Fishpocalypse': Drone footage shows thousands of dead bunker fish floating in Hamptons canal, confounding... Google teaches its AI to DREAM: Firm hopes technique used by animals (including us) could boost learning... F-35 crisis as Pentagon’s top weapon testing official warns plan to put unfinished $400bn fighters into... Google's smart contact lenses in crisis as partner Novartis abandons plans to trial tech in 2016 California megaquake could be 'more devastating than Katrina' experts warn as 1,200 first responders and... One hundred million pieces of junk hurtling around our planet could spell disaster for future space travel Watch the heart-stopping moment a Tesla's 'instant acceleration' kicks in to avoid being rear ended by... Now Amazon will even sell you a CAR: Fiat Chrysler teams up with retail giant to sell online at a third of... MORE HEADLINES F-35 crisis as Pentagon’s top weapon testing official warns plan to put unfinished $400bn fighters into service puts pilots at 'significant risk' Watch the heart-stopping moment a Tesla's 'instant acceleration' kicks in to avoid being rear ended by motorist Is ET trying to contact us? Astronomers home in on the source of mysterious 'alien signals' heading towards Earth New super-Earth is discovered nearby: Exoplanet is found orbiting a star 33 light years away - and there could be more Stunning new images reveal the mysterious 'crater of light' on Ceres in  unprecedented detail Why hunter-gathering made men so bad at multi-tasking: Men’s traditional role required better spatial awareness while women evolved to care for the family and juggle things at once  Would you dare visit Jurassic ROBO-park? Watch the rampaging raptors and terrifying T-rex a Japanese entrepreneur plans to let loose in 'Dino-A-Live' animatronic theme park One hundred million pieces of junk hurtling around our planet could spell disaster for future space travel Controversial surgeon behind world's first human HEAD transplant reveals virtual reality system to help prepare patients Claims ANOTHER UFO has been spotted hurtling past the international space station as Nasa cuts live feed The 'King of Mars': UFO hunters claim to have found face of an old man wearing a crown on red planet's surface (even though it also looks remarkably like a rock) The North Pole is 36 degrees HOTTER than normal as figures reveal Earth is on track for its warmest year on record California megaquake could be 'more devastating than Katrina' experts warn as 1,200 first responders and hundreds of volunteers simulate how to deal with disaster that could wipe out LA and San Francisco Is swearing a sign of intelligence? People who curse have a larger vocabulary than those who don't Is alien life EVERYWHERE? Radical theory claims it may have become part of 'the fabric of the universe' MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Goldie Hawn turns heads in low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with her partner...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps from the bash Shouldn't One prefer English tea, Meghan? Prince Harry's beaming girlfriend throws herself into work as she returns to the set of Suits Second day of filming 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie An A-list selfie 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga's birthday by posting a topless snap of them embracing Racy Instagram post 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight The fracas was caught on camera 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Clutching a pom pom 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken The kids were dressed up for the cameras Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Apt outfit It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Catch up What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Filmed giving his new sibling a kiss Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  Looked sensational Kanye West addresses former pal Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he takes aim at rapper's wife Beyoncé, Hillary Clinton and Mark Zuckerberg Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Justin Bieber shows off darker hairdo as he rocks Metallica T-Shirt on tour in Italy ahead of satellite performance at American Music Awards Trying something new It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot Temperature dip Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event She always turns heads on the red carpet Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London The 38-year-old singer cut a chic figure Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Figure-hugging jeans Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies Pence in mocking SNL skit  'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley gets sick of hearing his songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London Eye-catching ensemble Formula 1 heiress Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Admitted she's got to know herself. New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Wrapped up for the November chill Queen is in danger of losing the Guard at Buckingham Palace as Royal protection suffers its worst recruitment crisis in its history  Manpower targets 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  Second time as host Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopping outfit Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story of Queen Lilibet?  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Opened up All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  Rock band The Police 'offered over $9 million to reunite with Sting for the first time in eight years for Desert Trip music festival in 2017' 'Oldchella' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini The 41-year-old looks incredible 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' We are family! Elsa Pataky enjoys a day at the beach with her children in Australia's Byron Bay She left her life in LA for Australia Can YOU tell the difference between cheap and high-end make up? YouTube star puts different brands to the test... with surprising results! Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park He donned shades on day with his boys 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video Rapper-actor Ice-T is the daddy Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Channing Tatum's wife 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean Girls star Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors The 32-year-old was in Marina Del Rey  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  The 25-year-old was spotted in Hollywood  What a catch! Bikini-clad Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip to the Bahamas Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Took to Snapchat Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA The 18-year-old Modern Family star  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Speaking out Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Gas stop 'Grab My Fair Lady By The P***y': Twitter users troll Vice President-Elect Mike Pence by making up musicals about him after he was booed at Hamilton 'Couldn't even memorize lines!': Trump continues Twitter feud with Hamilton cast by tweeting out an attack - only to delete it moments later Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Golden Globe nominee  Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside He is playing a charity gig there Shuttered! Richard Simmons's landmark LA fitness studio closes its doors as reclusive star stays away telling fans 'I'm not good with endings' Gwyneth Paltrow looks confused as her makeup artist attempts contouring technique minutes before she hits the Airbnb Open stage in LA Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it The pair split in June 2015 Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Showcased her enviable physique  'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' 'The stars have aligned': Model Jessica Gomes gushes about her life falling into place after finding love with Australian actor Xavier Samuel  Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard Fall fun at the Biermann residence! Kim Zolciak's kids excitedly play with fallen leaves in the family's yard She is a mom- of-six Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Headed out in West Hollywood Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Instagram snap 'My life is amazing now... I live in paradise and travel around the world': Woman loses over 30kg and becomes a yoga teacher after weighing 95kg at just 16  'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He was one of the first investors in Airbnb Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the weather in Miami Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  The 50-year-old was in Los Angeles  'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Mom-to-be Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's girlfriend is seen for the first time since leaving London as she arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Embarrassment for VP-elect Mike Pence as Hamilton cast STOPS show to address him directly about their fears - after audience BOOED him throughout  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing schedule promoting Rules Don't Apply Burning the candle at both ends  So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous physique again... after laughing off the rumors about his manhood Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Their daughter is three Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a revealing green dress at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to jokes she's had a boob job PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: No more shedding for the wedding! Mariah Carey eats pizza with her backing dancer... as talks with ex break down 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Posted to Instagram  He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumors swirl about ex J Lo Attractive backing singer 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer at a London holiday festival  David and Victoria Beckham's eldest son was given a ticking off  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa Middleton attempts to end rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Brit talkshow host Parkinson finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later LIZ JONES: Grumpy old men sitting around in dad jeans... that's great TV?  'This is basically a TV show about old men sitting down' Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Spaghetti strap dress Twitter accounts including Charlie Sheen and The New Yorker hacked for spam ads Dozens of famous Twitter accounts were hacked She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony Spotted on the New York City set on Friday It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson Committed to making the relationship work GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been asked to pen some tracks GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Where's the bling? Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life... as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him when they first met    'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs One day away The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  New season trends 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself They also got the chance to enjoythe Christmas show Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Working hard on their bodies 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople'  'I need someone who can stimulate me regularly': Extra TV's Renee Bargh gets candid about what she wants in a man during lingerie-clad shoot Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer She was surrounded by loved ones and members of her band Michelle Obama is among thousands who gather to celebrate the life of first female co-anchor Gwen Ifill at a memorial service in Washington She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig 29-year-old hitmaker Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Enjoying a spot of sightseeing HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  She is the wife of Duran Duran singer Simon Le Bon Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Dressing like he's 24 Angelina Jolie returns to spotlight for first time since bitter divorce to campaign for children at International Criminal Court She's an Oscar winner  A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Popular Netflix series Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro TV personality I want $30m for Fake Sheikh sting: Fergie launches multi-million pound legal battle for lost earnings and humiliation over Prince Andrew cash-for-access scandal  His better half! Jason Biggs' wife Jenny Mollen wows in red as they attend animal charity bash His wife stole the spotlight on Friday night Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Dressed to impress 'THIS is not okay': Emmy Rossum responds to anti-semitic tweets from Trump supporters who use hashtag 'Sieg Heil' Hitting out Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town They are busy working parents  Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer Never fails to make any ensemble ooze glamor Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Winter has finally arrived in Los Angeles His neck of the woods: Al Roker opens the doors to the luxurious Manhattan brownstone he shares with wife Deborah Roberts and their children  Heavily pregnant Molly Sims covers her bump in a stylish faux fur gilet as she enjoys dinner ahead of her due date She is expecting her third child Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner She looked sensational Bachelorette star Jordan Rodgers' NFL star brother Aaron 'hasn't spoken to his family in two years'... and even skipped his grandfather's funeral We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA She appeared in good spirits It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Californian style Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed - after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Got very passionate Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Proved his family issues had been resolved Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Flashed her enviably taut stomach Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Tthe Kardashian matriarch looked a vision in black and red 'I love you so much my heart could explode!' Country star Dan Smyers pops the question to girlfriend Abby Law during romantic trip to Hawaii Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Navy blue jumpsuit, bow-tied with a white belt 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog He has been busy lately promoting his upcoming thriller Gold 'You don't know the meaning of STRUGGLE': Twitter users are less than sympathetic as Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA She showed off her flair for fashion Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  Getting down to business! Lucy Hale looks loved up as she walks through Adelaide Airport with boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta Pretty Little Liars star Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball The 30-year-old was Turning heads Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot Award-winning actress 'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick The busty pair posed for a selfie together 'Everybody's got their stuff': Kate Gosselin says son Collin is 'chugging along' as she provides update on his treatment away from home  They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Striking resemblance Is Meghan the missing Middleton? Prince Harry's new love looks so like Kate AND Pippa they could all be sisters Kate is known for her gleaming smile  Odell Beckham Jr loses $10,000 diamond-encrusted pinky ring while dancing at a strip club in the Bronx and is offering a reward for its return  Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York The 49-year-old actor strolled with his boys Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills Twins! EXCLUSIVE: Kathy Griffin reveals on how she saw Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks, was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm and had a Twitter war with Demi Lovato in new memoir Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal She just got a new tattoo of a spade on her wrist Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo as she got set to hit an ice-rink in Van Nuys, California Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  Donned shades 'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video The father-of-two shows his softer side  The Kelly diet: Megyn hawks new memoir to those looking to shed some pounds, revealing that her top-secret weight loss tips are in her book 'Integrity is our only true currency': Designer who dressed Michelle Obama vows NEVER to work with Melania Trump and urges others to follow her lead Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime She was spotted multi-tasking Sabotage! Beastie Boys' Adam Yauch Park playground in New York defaced with swastikas and pro-Trump graffiti Disgusted New Yorkers tweeted pictures 'Do you swallow or spit?' Demi Lovato's UFC boyfriend Luke Rockhold was kicked off Millionaire Matchmaker for being a creep Clips from the show resurfaced Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Her representative Judy Miller Silverman says she died Friday at a Cooperstown hospital in New York surrounded by her band Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  She's the daughter of Lionel Richie All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Posing up a storm 'It is so lovely being back': Rose Byrne says baby Rocco will celebrate his first Christmas in Sydney... as she arrives Down Under with partner Bobby Cannavale From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story The elusive spider that looks just like a LEAF: Arachnid lurks in trees and has remained hidden for years 35 comments SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Elon Musk Elon Musk wants to cover the world with internet from space SpaceX requests permission from US government to operate network of 4,425 satellites to provide high-speed, global internet coverage Elon Musk said earlier in the year that his satellite plan would cost at least $10bn. Photograph: Ringo H.W. Chiu/AP Samuel Gibbs and agencies Thursday 17 November 2016 09.41 EST Last modified on Friday 18 November 2016 07.28 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close The Tesla CEO, Elon Musk, is planning to put more than 4,000 satellites in orbit in order to blanket the Earth with internet access. SpaceX, the privateer space company led by Musk, is requesting permission from the US government to operate a massive network of 4,425 satellites - plus “in-orbit spares” - to provide high-speed, global internet coverage. Documents filed with the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on Tuesday propose an initial launch of 800 satellites to create an orbiting digital communications array to cover the US, including Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands. In the filing, SpaceX said: “The system is designed to provide a wide range of broadband and communications services for residential, commercial, institutional, government and professional users worldwide.” Such a system would provide a space-based alternative to cable, fiber-optics and the other terrestrial internet access currently available. SpaceX is not the first to propose such a system. Similar internet-via-satellite networks are under development by privately owned OneWeb and by Boeing, while a $200m satellite leased by Facebook’s Internet.org initiative, which has a similar goal of providing global internet access, was destroyed in an explosion of the SpaceX launch vehicle contracted to send it into orbit. Each satellite SpaceX proposes to put into orbit, without its solar panels extended, is the size of an average car, measuring 4m by 1.8 by 1.2m and weighing 386kg. SpaceX has not set a date for the satellite launches, but said that they would orbit in a range between 714 miles and 823 miles above the Earth. Musk said in January 2015 that the plan would cost at least $10bn. It gained $1bn in funding from Google for the project. Google has been attempting to perform a similar feat, blanketing the globe in internet access, using high-altitude balloons. Facebook’s other internet initiatives have revolved around the use of high-altitude solar-powered drones. SpaceX operates a satellite launching business, with contracts with Nasa for supplying the International Space Station - the first privateer space firm to do so. But its rocket launches have been on hiatus since 1 September following the Falcon 9 booster explosion. The company hopes to resume launch operations next month. SpaceX founder Elon Musk plans to get humans to Mars in six years Topics Elon Musk SpaceX Satellites Space Internet Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Elon Musk Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Open Applications Group (OAGi) Announces Oracle Enterprise Business Objects (EBOs) Contributed to OAGi Reinforces Oracle Commitment to Open Standards News provided by Open Applications Group, Inc. Nov 17, 2016, 05:00 ET Share this article ATLANTA, Nov. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- OAGi (www.oagi.org) today announced that Oracle has contributed its Core Enterprise Business Objects (EBOs) to OAGi. Oracle EBOs are a complete library of more than 90 business object definitions used by Oracle to integrate products from different Oracle application products and product families.  EBOs are based on an earlier release of OAGIS and have been contributed in order to harmonize with the current version of OAGIS and preserve an upgrade path for EBO customers. "Oracle has always been a strong supporter of standards and OAGi in particular for our application offerings. Contributing Oracle's OAGIS-based work back to OAGi is a natural extension of our application standards strategy and we look forward to a continuing a collaborative relationship with OAGi and its stakeholders for many years to come," said Garret Minakawa, Director, SCM Product Strategy at Oracle. In response to this contribution, OAGi has formed an AIA EBO Working Group to analyze each of the business objects and begin the process of merging them into the OAGIS standard. "Oracle's contribution to the Open Applications Group will allow us to leverage the improvements to the standards that we support, use, and help develop," said Kevin Himka, Senior Information Integration Architect – The Boeing Company. "Collaborating on industry standards like OAGIS ensures that we are using the same common business language which makes life easier for our customers and suppliers."  "We are pleased about Oracle's contribution to the Open Applications Group. This provides a transition plan for the Oracle Enterprise Business Objects and ensures risk mitigation for our investment," said Joel Lipetzky, Director of Integration and e-Business for Land O'Lakes.  "We are strong believers and promoters of OAGIS as the syntax-neutral standard for the future, leveraging it as our canonical model and using it in numerous APIs." About OAGi: OAGi is a member-based non-for-profit open standards development organization focused on building business process based data exchange standards for Mobile, Cloud Computing, Business to Business, and Enterprise interoperability. For information on joining the OAGi community and/or to download the OAGIS Specification for free, go to http://www.oagi.org, or contact them below. David Connelly CEO, Open Applications Group, Inc. 1 770-331-8636 dmconnelly@oagi.org Trademarks Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/open-applications-group-oagi-announces-oracle-enterprise-business-objects-ebos-contributed-to-oagi-300364456.html SOURCE Open Applications Group, Inc. Related Links http://www.openapplications.org My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Open Applications Group (OAGi) Announces Oracle Enterprise Business Objects (EBOs) Contributed to OAGi News provided by Open Applications Group, Inc. Nov 17, 2016, 05:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations TechEye Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations Menu Space X wants to build a satellite internet Posted on November 17, 2016 by Mike Magee - News Private rocket outfit SpaceX is asking the US government to approval its cunning plan to operate a massive satellite network that would provide high-speed, global internet coverage. According to its US Federal Communications Commission application, Space X plans an orbiting digital communications array that would eventually consist of 4,425 satellites. The project, which Musk previously said would cost at least $10 billion, was first announced in January 2015. Signed up to the project are Google and Fidelity Investments, which together have contributed $1 billion to Musk’s space launch firm. The proposed SpaceX network would begin with the launch of about 800 “care sized” satellites to expand internet access in the United States, including Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands. “The system is designed to provide a wide range of broadband and communications services for residential, commercial, institutional, government and professional users worldwide,” SpaceX said in technical documents accompanying its filing. It is not the only outfit planning this. Similar internet-via-satellite arrays are under development by privately owned OneWeb and by Boeing. The system would provide a space-based alternative to cable, fibre-optics and other terrestrial internet access currently available. However, it will be more expensive and probably require higher powered phones. SpaceX did not say when its launches would occur. The satellites would be launched into orbits ranging from 714 miles to 823 miles above the planet. Tags: space, Space X, US Virgin Islands Search for: Recent Articles Apple finally releases cure for touch disease The fruity tax-dodging cargo cult also known as Apple has finally released a cure for “a problem” in[...] Three was hacked One of Blighty's biggest mobile phone companies, Three, has been hacked and its customer upgrade dat[...] Telcos likely to have supreme power over Google After all its years being in bed with the Obama administration, the search engine Google might sudde[...] Germany mulls fining Facebook over hate speech Germany's Justice Minister thinks that the social notworking site Facebook should be treated like a [...] Too many Chinese CEOs in Silicon Valley Donald Trump’s top advisor claims that there are too many Chinese CEOs in Silicon Valley, in a state[...] © 2016 TechEye.
null
Home India news Boost for Indian Army! M777 howitzer guns deal approved by CCS; set to be signed in coming weeks: Report Boost for Indian Army! M777 howitzer guns deal approved by CCS; set to be signed in coming weeks: Report After being blocked for years, the M777 howitzer guns deal, may finally see the light of the day, with the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) reportedly giving its nod. By: FE Online | Published: November 17, 2016 1:29 PM BAE Systems claims that the M777 howitzer is a “highly portable” in the defence arsenal of any country. (US Army photo) After being blocked for years, the M777 howitzer guns deal, may finally see the light of the day, with the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) reportedly giving its nod. According to a report in ToI, the CCS, led by PM Narendra Modi, has given the green signal for acquisition of 145 M777 ultra-light howitzers for the Indian Army. The deal will be a government-to-government one with the US, and is likely to be for around Rs 5,000 crore. The deal is said to have a 30% offset clause, and is expected to be signed in the coming weeks. The M777 howitzer gun is manufactured by BAE Systems. Out of the 145 guns for India, 120 will be “assembled, integrated and tested” in India. BAE is tieing up with Mahindra for this purpose. BAE Systems claims that the M777 howitzer is a “highly portable” in the defence arsenal of any country. The gun is portable by land, sea and air. This means that the system can be easily moved and re-deployed as per the defence forces need. The gun has a maximum unassisted range of 24.7 km and an assisted range of 30 plus km. BAE claims that the gun can be used to fire 5 rounds per minute for up to 2 minutes. It can easily be lifted by helicopters like the Chinook, which India has already ordered from Boeing. Also read: M777 howitzer guns: Why they will be formidable firepower against China The gun is likely to add in a big way to the Indian Army’s firepower, especially in the Eastern sector. This implies that with the M777, India will get formidable capability against China. India has been moving to aggressively ramp up its defence prepardness in the Eastern region, a move that has also raised eyebrows in China. Recently, an Indian Air Force (IAF) C-17 Globemaster aircraft landed at the ALG (Advanced Landing Ground) in Arunachal Pradesh’s Mechuka. Arunachal Pradesh has several ALGs at varying altitudes, each one of them stragic assets. In August this year, IAF inaugurated the upgraded Pasighat Advanced Landing Ground (ALG) in Arunachal Pradesh by landing a Sukhoi-30 MKI. Recently India placed an order for four more Boeing P-8I (Poseidons) long-range surveillance and reconnaissance aircraft. P-8Is are often called the “hawk eyes” of the Indian Navy in the Indian Ocean region. India will start getting these P-8Is by 2020. India is also looking to develop a new BrahMos missile with a significantly longer range, than its current 290 km. A greater range for BrahMos would imply that India’s power to strike would get an unprecedented fillip, especially against China. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Cigarettes worth Rs 6 cr stolen in Visakhapatnam Akshay Kumar is the hero in '2.0', says Rajnikanth Sharad Pawar attacks Modi govt over demonetisation, bullet train project PM Narendra Modi speech: Top 5 key takeaways Rajinikanth most amazing man, have lot of respect for him: Salman Khan WB Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee flays PM Narendra Modi over chit fund 'scam' charge People crave more for Wi-Fi than sex, chocolate, alcohol: Study Sania Mirza shares heartwarming message on her sister’s wedding Little respite for Delhi on Sunday: Banks shut, ATMs dry Robot 2.0 first look: Rajinikanth, Akshay Kumar launch first look poster of Shankar's upcoming sequeal Patna-Indore train accident: Journey to attend wedding turns nightmare for Bhopal family  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
null
NDTV Business Hindi Movies Cricket Good Times Food Tech Auto Apps Prime Art Weddings Collapse Expand Sections Home | World COMMENTS Sections Live TV Videos Latest India Opinion Cities World OffBeat Photos Schedule Trends People Health Indians Abroad South Cheat Sheet Voices Forums Weather News Alerts SpaceX Seeks US Approval For Internet-Via-Satellite Network World | Reuters | Updated: November 17, 2016 12:21 IST EMAIL PRINT COMMENTS Technology entrepreneur Elon Musk previously said the project will cost at least $10 billion (File) Houston:  Private rocket launch service SpaceX is requesting government approval to operate a massive satellite network that would provide high-speed, global internet coverage, according to newly filed documents with the US Federal Communications Commission. The California-based company, owned and operated by technology entrepreneur Elon Musk, has proposed an orbiting digital communications array that would eventually consist of 4,425 satellites, the documents filed on Tuesday show. The project, which Musk previously said would cost at least $10 billion, was first announced in January 2015. The latest documents, which include technical details of the proposed network, did not mention cost estimates or financing plans. Financial backers of the company, whose full name is Space Exploration Technologies Corp, include Alphabet's Google Inc and Fidelity Investments, which together have contributed $1 billion to Musk's space launch firm. The proposed SpaceX network would begin with the launch of about 800 satellites to expand internet access in the United States, including Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands, the FCC filings showed. "The system is designed to provide a wide range of broadband and communications services for residential, commercial, institutional, government and professional users worldwide," SpaceX said in technical documents accompanying its filing. Similar internet-via-satellite networks are under development by privately owned OneWeb and by Boeing Co. Such a system would provide a space-based alternative to cable, fiber-optics and other terrestrial internet access currently available. SpaceX did not say when its launches would occur. The satellites would be launched into orbits ranging from 714 miles to 823 miles (1,150-1,325 km) above Earth. Each satellite, about the size of an average car, not including solar panels, would weigh 850 pounds (386 kg), SpaceX said. SpaceX's primary business is launching satellites into orbit for government and commercial customers. It also flies cargo supply ships to the International Space Station for NASA. SpaceX rocket launches have been on hold since a September 1 launch pad accident that destroyed a $62 million Falcon 9 booster and a $200 million Israeli communications satellite. The company hopes to resume flights next month.   © Thomson Reuters 2016 (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Trending Movies: 2.0 First Look: Rajinikanth Vs Akshay Kumar Is Not For The Faint-Hearted Profit: 7-Year Jail For Illegal Cash Deposits, Tax Department Warns Violators Gadgets: OnePlus 3T, Vivo V5, WhatsApp Video Calling, and More News This Week Related Hyperloop One Settles Co-Founder Lawsuit Tesla Seals $2 Billion SolarCity Deal Set to Test Musk's Vision SpaceX Seeks US Approval for Internet-via-Satellite Network 'Great Valley' Larger Than Grand Canyon Found On Mercury China's Interference In Hong Kong Reaching Alarming Levels: US Congressional Panel Share this story on ALSO READDonald Trump Confirms He Is Considering James 'Mad Dog' Mattis for US Defense Post Elon MuskPrivate rocket launch serviceSpaceXSpaceX satellite networkUS Federal Communications CommissionSpace Exploration Technologies CorpInternet-Via-Satellite Network ................................ Advertisement ................................ Quick LinksIndore Patna ExpressTrain accidentFind ATMFantastic BeastsForce 2Tum Bin 2 ................................ Advertisement ................................ 120 Dead, 200 Injured As Indore-Patna Express Derails Near Kanpur Ignorant To Intentional: How The Notes Ban Is Being Scammed From 'Cash Coolies' To 'Rent-An-Account', The Dodging Of Notes Ban Donald Trump Confirms He Is Considering James Mattis for US Defense Post RSS News Alerts Mobile Apps Apple Android Windows Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn About Us Archives Advertise Feedback Disclaimer Investor Complaint Redressal Ombudsman Careers Service Terms Channel Distribution © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2016. All rights reserved. Tweet Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #Rs 500 Rs 2000 #Narendra Modi #Donald Trump #Bigg Boss 10 #Cyrus Mistry #IND vs ENG PROPERTY Property in MumbaiProperty in Pune DOWNLOAD APP Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News Sports EURO 2016 Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news National Columnists MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News TOP STORIES Coldplay concert in Mumbai: All the action as it happened Thane Crime: Husband absconds after choking bar girl to death ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime Mumbai rains BMC Cauvery Narendra Modi SPORTS Cricket Football Tennis MORE IN SPORTS EURO 2016 Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES Vizag Test: Jonny Bairstow urges England to believe in themselves Ravichandran Ashwin and Jayant Yadav's Chennai connection ToPICs Rio 2016 Dipa Karmakar EPL BCCI India vs West Indies Virat Kohli Life & style Horoscope Sunday mid-day Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES Demonetisation: How to go cashless with mobile wallet apps Sound Reasons Festival kicks off on November 21 ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers TOP STORIES Australian singer Sia Furler unveils a new number "Never give up" Coldplay in Mumbai: Closing act will see B-Town stars on stage with Chris ToPICs Kareena Kapoor Khan Akshay Kumar A Flying Jatt Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan Life and style News Food News PrevNext Edinburgh's toast to Parsi theatre By Krutika Behrawala | Posted 17-Nov-2016 A London-based Irani cafe-style eatery chain pops up in the Scottish capital to offer concoctions that pay homage to Tirangi Tehmul and Adi Marzban Lamb Raan Bun After serving Kheema Pau, Chicken Berry Britannia and Eggs Kejriwal across four outposts in London, Dishoom is ready to move to the Scottish capital, Edinburgh. Themed on Mumbai and its much-loved Irani cafés , the eatery chain was launched by Shamil and Kavi Thakrar — who call themselves head babus (bureaucrats) — in 2010, first cropping up at Covent Garden and later, at Shoreditch, King’s Cross and Carnaby. “When we opened, there weren’t many places where you could enjoy Indian food besides curries. Now, many restaurants are offering regional or Bombay specific fare. To an extent, we believe we have capitalised on it and it is a privilege to educate the customer,” says Shamil over the phone, adding, “We decided to open our fifth outlet in Edinburgh because it is a city with cultural heritage, which is similar to the fabric of Bombay.” Shamil and Kavi Thakrar of Dishoom Comprising two upper levels and a basement, the restaurant is located in a 1920s-era listed building. This outlet pays homage to the distinguished Scotsman Sir Patrick Geddes (1854-1932), a town planner, social reformer and botanist, who shared a deep connect with Mumbai. Excerpts from an interview with Shamil: How did you stumble upon the story of Sir Patrick Geddes? When we zeroed in on Edinburgh, we searched for connections between Scotland and India, and the strongest was that of Mr Geddes. He spent his early life as a town planner in Scotland and moved to Bombay in 1915. He was engaged in town planning there and was also pro-Independence. He loved spending time at Irani cafés and Parsi theatre too. Tell us about the interiors. Since Geddes spent a lot of time at reading rooms such as the David Sassoon Library, we have created an academic vibe here; it resembles a reading room. We have used huge, old maps of Bombay and Gujarat from the 19th and early 20th centuries. Did you include any of Geddes’ favourites in the menu? (Laughs) Unfortunately, we didn’t find his food choices in our research. The Permit Room (bar section) is an ode to Parsi theatre since Geddes loved theatre. We have new drinks on the menu. These include Tehmul’s Tangle, based on a mad 1968 Parsi theatre caper called Tirangi Tehmul, which retold the original Boeing Boeing. It is the story of a hapless fellow juggling a trio of women in his life. We have created a trio of flavours with cinnamon, gin, lemon juice and ginger. Then, there’s Marzban’s Chikoo Fizz — made with chikoo, whiskey and topped with soda fizz — that honours Adi Marzban, one of the foremost playwrights of Mumbai. For this outlet, we have also invented Copy Tipples, non-alcoholic drinks, which replicate the warmth and dryness of alcohol using botanicals and herbs. For instance, Sober Martini uses grape and cucumber water as a base and a Virtuous Tulsi Sour that actually tastes like whiskey sour because it includes ginger, lemon and basil. These were tougher to create. And what about the food menu? It’s similar to the rest of our outlets. Here, we are also serving our chef’s special Lamb Raan in a bun (12 pounds). In modern times, the raan has become an expensive dish. Since it originated on a battlefield (where Alexander the Great defeated Porus), I believe that it isn’t a rich person’s dish but something that should be enjoyed by everyone. Opens on: December 5  At: 3a St Andrew Square, Edinburgh Call: 0131 2026406  Log on to: www.dishoom.com Tags: London-based Irani cafe-style eatery chain Scottish capital concoctions homage Tirangi Tehmul Adi Marzban Mumbai food Mumbai Previous StoryMumbai food: Gorge on delicious sweet treats at the Dessert Garden FestivalNext Story Mumbai food: 7 gluten-free dishes you can indulge in at city restaurants Related Stories Paromita Vohra: Post-truths and poster-truths Columnists News | 20-Nov-2016 Why good cholesterol may fail to protect against heart disease Health News | 19-Nov-2016 BBC World to air in Gujarati, Marathi, Telugu, Punjabi International News | 17-Nov-2016 Photos: Ramanand Sagar's great granddaughter Sakshi is a bombshell Bollywood News | 16-Nov-2016 A candid chat with VFX artist, who worked on Harry Potter films, The Jungle Book People News | 16-Nov-2016 Panama Leak: Qatari prince comes to Nawaz Sharif's rescue International News | 16-Nov-2016 PHOTO VIDEO Photos: John Abraham watches 'Force 2' with parents in Mumbai Photos: Madhuri Dixit with hubby, Rekha at star-studded B-Town wedding Jailed! Vidya Balan goes behind bars for 'Kahaani 2' Birthday special: Famous siblings in Bollywood In pictures: Successful actor-director duos in Bollywood What brought Rekha, Madhuri Dixit and Anil Kapoor together? This is something Ajay dislikes doing the most! Tusshar Kapoor knows how to make people smile! Gulshan Grover has a witty take over Indian wives and their woes! You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding No one wants Indian 'kachra' in Karbala in Iraq National News|19-Nov-2016 Canadian PM Justin Trudeau to launch Priyanka Chopra's Punjabi film Regional News|19-Nov-2016 Lisa Ray to launch her perfume brand to India Bollywood News|19-Nov-2016 Malaika Arora and Arbaaz Khan file for divorce National News|19-Nov-2016 Photos: Janardhan Reddy's daughter's glitzy wedding National News|19-Nov-2016 Ulhasnagar businessman pic with a bundle of Rs. 2,000 notes goes viral National News|19-Nov-2016 This is how Bengaluru hotel tried to adjust its black money National News|18-Nov-2016 Twinkle Khanna and Hrithik Roshan just had the funniest Twitter chat! Bollywood News|18-Nov-2016 Photos: Salman Khan, other B-Town celebs at Arpita's anniversary bash Bollywood News|18-Nov-2016 Man rapes wife's ex-boyfriend who harassed her with lewd messages Crime News|18-Nov-2016 Oops! Have you noticed these bloopers in Bollywood films? Bollywood News|10-Nov-2016 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented What has Vidya Balan got to say about about her childhood days with Shilpa Shetty? Bollywood News|20-Nov-2016 Mumbai: Woman beaten up in crowded local train National News|20-Nov-2016 Thane Crime: Husband absconds after choking bar girl to death Crime News|20-Nov-2016 No one wants Indian 'kachra' in Karbala in Iraq National News|19-Nov-2016 Man rapes wife's ex-boyfriend who harassed her with lewd messages Crime News|18-Nov-2016 This is how Bengaluru hotel tried to adjust its black money National News|18-Nov-2016 Photos: Salman Khan, Parineeti Chopra at Sania Mirza's sister's sangeet Bollywood News|18-Nov-2016 Twinkle Khanna and Hrithik Roshan just had the funniest Twitter chat! Bollywood News|18-Nov-2016 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2014 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserverd. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 17 November 2016 | MYT 2:00 PM SpaceX seeks US approval for Internet-via-satellite network Beaming down the Internet: Musk has proposed an orbiting digital communications array that would eventually consist of 4,425 satellites. — Reuters HOUSTON: Private rocket launch service SpaceX is requesting government approval to operate a massive satellite network that would provide high-speed, global Internet coverage, according to newly filed documents with the US Federal Communications Commission. The California-based company, owned and operated by technology entrepreneur Elon Musk, has proposed an orbiting digital communications array that would eventually consist of 4,425 satellites, the documents filed on Tuesday show. The project, which Musk previously said would cost at least US$10bil (RM43.6bil), was first announced in Jan 2015. The latest documents, which include technical details of the proposed network, did not mention cost estimates or financing plans.  Financial backers of the company, whose full name is Space Exploration Technologies Corp, include Alphabet's Google Inc and Fidelity Investments, which together have contributed US$1 bil (RM4.3bil) to Musk's space launch firm. The proposed SpaceX network would begin with the launch of about 800 satellites to expand Internet access in the United States, including Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands, the FCC filings showed. "The system is designed to provide a wide range of broadband and communications services for residential, commercial, institutional, government and professional users worldwide," SpaceX said in technical documents accompanying its filing. Similar Internet-via-satellite networks are under development by privately owned OneWeb and by Boeing Co. Such a system would provide a space-based alternative to cable, fibre-optics and other terrestrial internet access currently available. SpaceX did not say when its launches would occur. The satellites would be launched into orbits ranging from 714 miles to 823 miles (1,150-1,325 km) above Earth. Each satellite, about the size of an average car, not including solar panels, would weigh 386kg, SpaceX said. SpaceX's primary business is launching satellites into orbit for government and commercial customers. It also flies cargo supply ships to the International Space Station for NASA. SpaceX rocket launches have been on hold since a Sept 1 launch pad accident that destroyed a US$62mil (RM270.4mil) Falcon 9 booster and a US$200mil (RM873mil) Israeli communications satellite. The company hopes to resume flights next month. —  Reuters You May Be Interested AOL to cut 500 jobs 'Overwatch' releases Sombra update after months of hints Russia begins process to block Linkedin website White supremacist ad allowed on Twitter, CEO apologises Sign your name digitally in iOS Mail Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Lavishing patrons with ‘arty’ delights French in centre-right primary to pick presidential candidate to face Le Pen Start small, start somewhere advertisement Latest News China wants fewer, but better, electric car makers US extends ZTE reprieve on exports curbs until Feb 27 Tesla's Musk closes SolarCity deal, more challenges lie ahead Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Infosys CEO says Trump election may weigh on margins Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 18:01 GMT, Nov 20, 2016 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More WADA Director General caught on hot mic – 'We’re not desperate' for Russia return (RT EXCLUSIVE) HomeNews Russian aerospace company & Boeing working out joint Moon projects Published time: 17 Nov, 2016 06:07Edited time: 17 Nov, 2016 08:21 Get short URL © Youssef Boudlal / Reuters RSC Energia, a major Russian aerospace company, and Boeing Defense, Space & Security have been thrashing out the details of a long-term deal to cooperate on lunar construction and deep space exploration, Energia’s director told Izvestia daily. The lunar cooperation is said to be a part of a comprehensive agreement that aims to put an end to a protracted legal dispute between the two companies involving another Russian company, Sea Launch, which had been jointly owned by RSC Energia and BDS, but has since gone bankrupt. The preparatory work has been going smoothly and a final agreement is expected by the end of November, Director of RSC Energia Vladimir Solntsev told Izvestia on Thursday. Read more Russia to launch yearly manned flights to Moon starting 2025 “We are drafting a document that not only describes the conclusion of the proceedings, but also designs a program of long-term cooperation on the wide range of issues,” Solntsev said, adding that the companies’ lawyers have been finalizing the text of the agreement. “We are working on coordination projects at low Earth orbit, development of lunar infrastructure and exploration of deep space,” he specified Solntsev noted that the companies intend to develop compatible designs that could be used in the construction of the proposed international Lunar Orbital Station. “In particular, we are talking about devising compatible docking ports and blocks that would allow Russian space equipment to successfully interoperate with Boeing spaceships,” Solntsev said. It was revealed in May that NASA and Energia are discussing the possibility of creating a joint space station orbiting the moon that could be functioning by the end of the next decade. The station would serve as a transport hub for navigation, maintenance, and communications during lunar missions, as well as unmanned Mars-bound missions. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2016. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad President-elect Trump doubles down in attacks on Hamilton - now saying the popular show isn't worth watching - as pro-Pence rallies are held outside theater despite star support for under-fire cast Melania and Barron Trump 'WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC' - threatening years of nightmarish traffic and security checks for shoppers near Trump Tower  Horrific moment a children's hospital in Aleppo is bombed for the second time in a WEEK as workers desperately scramble to rescue babies in incubators What blind trust? Donald Trump meets with Indian business partners and his three children a week AFTER being elected despite conflict of interest promises Senior officials 'call for the director of the NSA be removed from his position over security lapses' Father-of-three paramedic and a nurse engaged to be married are among four people identified as victims of Nevada air ambulance crash Winter IS coming: Storm brings first snow of the season and icy winds in the Northeast as temperatures dip into the twenties Putin to ask Trump's permission to bomb Syria: Russian ambassador to London says airstrikes are 'diplomacy backed by force'   'It was like living in Disneyland': Pablo Escobar's son talks about a childhood of luxury while his drug boss father became the world's most wanted man Fans outraged as Kanye West storms out of ANOTHER gig just ten minutes in after rant blasting 'old a**' Hillary, Mark Zuckerberg's 'lies', 'winning-obsessed Beyonce and Jay-Z 'who has hit-men' Prince's squabbling siblings put aside their fight over his $300m inheritance to pay tribute to him at the AMAs Donations to the Clinton Foundation plummeted amid Hillary's failed run for the presidency  The almost handshake: Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin photographed in brief exchange at Peru summit - but not quite shaking hands - amid frosty Syria dealings FBI arrest 'female kidnapper' after ransom is paid for woman abducted from her Washington home - who STILL remains missing 'My sister staged her engagement to interrupt my vows!' Married couples reveal the shocking ways their wedding was ruined by the guests Can YOU spot the odd one out? Only true perfectionists can see the tiny differences in these sequences Decorated soldier, 21, is found dead in barracks at Fort Bragg  Indiana city renames Columbus Day and Good Friday to be more 'culturally sensitive' 'He says "look at this" and the gun went off': Woman accidentally shot in the head at North Carolina weapons show by her husband after he bought her a gun to match his own Winter storm causes 340 crashes as it sweeps through Minnesota leaving at least one person dead - as it moves further into the Northeast Florida surfer, 60, dies fulfilling Southern California dream to ride the waves off Huntington Beach - after crashing into pier pillar I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  Germany's Iron Lady Angela Merkel plans to run for a fourth term as chancellor in next year's election  Blair is back! Former PM announces he is 'returning to British politics' because the Tories are 'screwing up Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn is a nutter' Previous Next Mystery plane that was spotted circling over Denver leaves military officials baffled  The aircraft was spotted in Denver on Wednesday morning by residents It could not be identified by military and aviation officials when contacted Plane made several loops at 32,000ft before flying towards Oklahoma Some speculated the plane was from the US Navy E-6 Mercury fleet  By Jennifer Smith For Dailymail.com Published: 00:43 EST, 17 November 2016 | Updated: 01:38 EST, 17 November 2016 e-mail 2.7k shares 148 View comments A mysterious plane circled over Denver on Wednesday morning leaving scores of residents baffled before it moved on.  The unannounced flight appeared in the late morning and made several loops above the city at around 32,000ft, according to The Denver Channel.  It appeared to have entered the city's airspace from California, hovering above the Colorado capital until shooting off towards Oklahoma.  Scroll down for video  An unannounced plane cirlced Denver on Wednesday to the perplexity of residents and officials Eagle-eyed residents took photographs and videos of the aircraft to make inquiries about its path.  They contacted the KMGH-TV channel with their queries for it to put forward.  Denver Channel reporters say none of the officials they approached were able to pin down exactly what the plane's route was, however.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau uses speech in Cuba... Former presidential yacht USS Sequoia is sold for ZERO... Share this article Share They claim to have contacted 'dozens' of agencies in search of clarification including the Federal Aviation Authority and the Air Force.  Neither were able to address residents' questions, they said.  The network was however able to identify the aircraft's name - Iron 99. It claimed to have tracked down fleets with the same prefix at military bases across the country.  The Department of Defense was not available for comment when approached on Wednesday night.  The plane did several loops over Denver before making its way towards Oklahoma (above) Scores took photographs and videos of the aircraft as officials failed to explain its path Some speculated the plane was from the E-6B Mercury US Navy fleet (above)  Some speculated the plane was an E-6B Mercury, also known as a TACAMO (Take Charge and Move Out), a Boeing aircraft developed for the US Navy as an airborne communications platform.  They are used to deliver instructions from the air to US Navy submarines fleets via a transmitter and antenna, according to the manufacturer.   Boeing built 16 for the Navy between 1989 and 1992.  'The TACAMO airplanes support the Navy's ballistic missile submarine force, providing a vital link to the force from national command authorities,' Boeing's description of it reads.  'The TACAMO E-6B airplanes are equipped with dual trailing wires that serve as transmitter and antenna, transmitting in the very low frequency spectrum.'  No officials were able to confirm if the plane belonged to the E-6B fleet on Wednesday.  The Denver Channel said it believed the plane belonged to the fleet.  Read more: Mystery flight circles over Denver; Officials have few answers - 7NEWS Denver TheDenverChannel.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 2.7k shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Girl won right to be frozen just days before dying Scrapped! 'Trump' backpedals from campaign promises in SNL skit Angry Trump supporter argues with Starbucks employee Hamilton cast deliver message directly to audience member Mike Pence The best gift of all: Come home for Xmas with Heathrow Airport Married woman shamed in Kenya after lover gets stuck inside her NASA camera picks up glowing pink 'UFO' above earth Viral video shows adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Supermodel Gigi Hadid fights off man who grabs her at Milan show Enemies no more? Romney meets with Trump to discuss cabinet post Last tiger of Palestine enjoys new freedom in South Africa Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called... Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election... President-elect attacks Hamilton saying Mike Pence was... 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin... 'It made us cry some more': Gold Star family of soldier... 'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down... Left to paddle to their deaths: Uncle and another man are... Strip clubs, drag shows... And the KKK: Troubling politics... Melania and Barron Trump WON'T move to the White House so he... All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks... 'I told her it was OK to close her eyes and go to sleep and... The icy tomb of Britain's frozen teenager: Pictured for the... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Goldie Hawn turns heads in low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with her partner...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps from the bash Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan throws herself into her work on set of TV show Suits as controversial mural of her wearing Diana's tiara is revealed 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie An A-list selfie 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga's birthday by posting a topless snap of them embracing Racy Instagram post 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored 'Birthday behaviour!' Kylie Jenner wows in figure hugging white dress as she treats Tyga to a THIRD party  She treated Tyga to a night out Prince's squabbling siblings put aside their fight over his $300m inheritance to pay tribute to him at the AMAs He was 57 when he died Gleb Savchenko falls sick with the flu just a day before competing in Dancing With The Stars finale News was announced on Insatgram Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight The fracas was caught on camera 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Clutching a pom pom What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken The kids were dressed up for the cameras Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Apt outfit It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Catch up Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Filmed giving his new sibling a kiss Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  Looked sensational Kanye West addresses former pal Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he takes aim at rapper's wife Beyoncé, Hillary Clinton and Mark Zuckerberg Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Justin Bieber shows off darker hairdo as he rocks Metallica T-Shirt on tour in Italy ahead of satellite performance at American Music Awards Trying something new It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot Temperature dip Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event She always turns heads on the red carpet Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London The 38-year-old singer cut a chic figure Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Figure-hugging jeans Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies Pence in mocking SNL skit  'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley gets sick of hearing his songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London Eye-catching ensemble Formula 1 heiress Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Admitted she's got to know herself. New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Wrapped up for the November chill Queen is in danger of losing the Guard at Buckingham Palace as Royal protection suffers its worst recruitment crisis in its history  Manpower targets 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  Second time as host Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopping outfit Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story of Queen Lilibet?  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Opened up All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  Rock band The Police 'offered over $9 million to reunite with Sting for the first time in eight years for Desert Trip music festival in 2017' 'Oldchella' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini The 41-year-old looks incredible 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' We are family! Elsa Pataky enjoys a day at the beach with her children in Australia's Byron Bay She left her life in LA for Australia Can YOU tell the difference between cheap and high-end make up? YouTube star puts different brands to the test... with surprising results! Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park He donned shades on day with his boys 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video Rapper-actor Ice-T is the daddy Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Channing Tatum's wife 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean Girls star Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors The 32-year-old was in Marina Del Rey  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  The 25-year-old was spotted in Hollywood  What a catch! Bikini-clad Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip to the Bahamas Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Took to Snapchat Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA The 18-year-old Modern Family star  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Speaking out Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Gas stop 'Grab My Fair Lady By The P***y': Twitter users troll Vice President-Elect Mike Pence by making up musicals about him after he was booed at Hamilton 'Couldn't even memorize lines!': Trump continues Twitter feud with Hamilton cast by tweeting out an attack - only to delete it moments later Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Golden Globe nominee  Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside He is playing a charity gig there Shuttered! Richard Simmons's landmark LA fitness studio closes its doors as reclusive star stays away telling fans 'I'm not good with endings' Gwyneth Paltrow looks confused as her makeup artist attempts contouring technique minutes before she hits the Airbnb Open stage in LA Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it The pair split in June 2015 Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Showcased her enviable physique  'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' 'The stars have aligned': Model Jessica Gomes gushes about her life falling into place after finding love with Australian actor Xavier Samuel  Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard Fall fun at the Biermann residence! Kim Zolciak's kids excitedly play with fallen leaves in the family's yard She is a mom- of-six Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Headed out in West Hollywood Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Instagram snap 'My life is amazing now... I live in paradise and travel around the world': Woman loses over 30kg and becomes a yoga teacher after weighing 95kg at just 16  'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He was one of the first investors in Airbnb Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the weather in Miami Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  The 50-year-old was in Los Angeles  'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Mom-to-be Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's girlfriend is seen for the first time since leaving London as she arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Embarrassment for VP-elect Mike Pence as Hamilton cast STOPS show to address him directly about their fears - after audience BOOED him throughout  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing schedule promoting Rules Don't Apply Burning the candle at both ends  So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous physique again... after laughing off the rumors about his manhood Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Their daughter is three Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a revealing green dress at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to jokes she's had a boob job PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: No more shedding for the wedding! Mariah Carey eats pizza with her backing dancer... as talks with ex break down 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Posted to Instagram  He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumors swirl about ex J Lo Attractive backing singer 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer at a London holiday festival  David and Victoria Beckham's eldest son was given a ticking off  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa Middleton attempts to end rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Brit talkshow host Parkinson finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later LIZ JONES: Grumpy old men sitting around in dad jeans... that's great TV?  'This is basically a TV show about old men sitting down' Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Spaghetti strap dress Twitter accounts including Charlie Sheen and The New Yorker hacked for spam ads Dozens of famous Twitter accounts were hacked She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony Spotted on the New York City set on Friday It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson Committed to making the relationship work GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been asked to pen some tracks GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Where's the bling? Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life... as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him when they first met    'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs One day away The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  New season trends 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself They also got the chance to enjoythe Christmas show Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Working hard on their bodies 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople'  'I need someone who can stimulate me regularly': Extra TV's Renee Bargh gets candid about what she wants in a man during lingerie-clad shoot Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer She was surrounded by loved ones and members of her band Michelle Obama is among thousands who gather to celebrate the life of first female co-anchor Gwen Ifill at a memorial service in Washington She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig 29-year-old hitmaker Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Enjoying a spot of sightseeing HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  She is the wife of Duran Duran singer Simon Le Bon Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Dressing like he's 24 Angelina Jolie returns to spotlight for first time since bitter divorce to campaign for children at International Criminal Court She's an Oscar winner  A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Popular Netflix series Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro TV personality I want $30m for Fake Sheikh sting: Fergie launches multi-million pound legal battle for lost earnings and humiliation over Prince Andrew cash-for-access scandal  His better half! Jason Biggs' wife Jenny Mollen wows in red as they attend animal charity bash His wife stole the spotlight on Friday night Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Dressed to impress 'THIS is not okay': Emmy Rossum responds to anti-semitic tweets from Trump supporters who use hashtag 'Sieg Heil' Hitting out Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town They are busy working parents  Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer Never fails to make any ensemble ooze glamor Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Winter has finally arrived in Los Angeles His neck of the woods: Al Roker opens the doors to the luxurious Manhattan brownstone he shares with wife Deborah Roberts and their children  Heavily pregnant Molly Sims covers her bump in a stylish faux fur gilet as she enjoys dinner ahead of her due date She is expecting her third child Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner She looked sensational Bachelorette star Jordan Rodgers' NFL star brother Aaron 'hasn't spoken to his family in two years'... and even skipped his grandfather's funeral We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA She appeared in good spirits It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Californian style Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed - after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Got very passionate Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Proved his family issues had been resolved Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Flashed her enviably taut stomach Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Tthe Kardashian matriarch looked a vision in black and red 'I love you so much my heart could explode!' Country star Dan Smyers pops the question to girlfriend Abby Law during romantic trip to Hawaii Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Navy blue jumpsuit, bow-tied with a white belt 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog He has been busy lately promoting his upcoming thriller Gold 'You don't know the meaning of STRUGGLE': Twitter users are less than sympathetic as Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA She showed off her flair for fashion Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  Getting down to business! Lucy Hale looks loved up as she walks through Adelaide Airport with boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta Pretty Little Liars star Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball The 30-year-old was Turning heads Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot Award-winning actress 'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick The busty pair posed for a selfie together 'Everybody's got their stuff': Kate Gosselin says son Collin is 'chugging along' as she provides update on his treatment away from home  They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Striking resemblance Is Meghan the missing Middleton? Prince Harry's new love looks so like Kate AND Pippa they could all be sisters Kate is known for her gleaming smile  Odell Beckham Jr loses $10,000 diamond-encrusted pinky ring while dancing at a strip club in the Bronx and is offering a reward for its return  Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York The 49-year-old actor strolled with his boys Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills Twins! EXCLUSIVE: Kathy Griffin reveals on how she saw Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks, was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm and had a Twitter war with Demi Lovato in new memoir Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal She just got a new tattoo of a spade on her wrist Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo as she got set to hit an ice-rink in Van Nuys, California Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  Donned shades 'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video The father-of-two shows his softer side  The Kelly diet: Megyn hawks new memoir to those looking to shed some pounds, revealing that her top-secret weight loss tips are in her book 'Integrity is our only true currency': Designer who dressed Michelle Obama vows NEVER to work with Melania Trump and urges others to follow her lead Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime She was spotted multi-tasking Sabotage! Beastie Boys' Adam Yauch Park playground in New York defaced with swastikas and pro-Trump graffiti Disgusted New Yorkers tweeted pictures 'Do you swallow or spit?' Demi Lovato's UFC boyfriend Luke Rockhold was kicked off Millionaire Matchmaker for being a creep Clips from the show resurfaced Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Her representative Judy Miller Silverman says she died Friday at a Cooperstown hospital in New York surrounded by her band Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  She's the daughter of Lionel Richie All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Posing up a storm 'It is so lovely being back': Rose Byrne says baby Rocco will celebrate his first Christmas in Sydney... as she arrives Down Under with partner Bobby Cannavale     DON'T MISS Ex-Survivor star Michael Skupin is convicted of possessing child pornography after police find images of 'underage children in sexual situations' on his laptop From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  She will become part of the Star Wars universe Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on Vietnamese show  Hitting their stride! Newly engaged Laura Prepon and fiancé Ben Foster are attached at the hip during stroll through New York  Loved up Strike a pose! SNL cast and crew along with Saturday night's host Kristen Wiig take on the Mannequin Challenge  Wiig is on hosting duty this weekend 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during a vacation in the US Virgin Islands with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs 'The fans will rip into Raven's *ss': Orlando Brown speaks out about being recast in That's So Raven reboot He originally didn't believe there could be a reboot without him What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  Posing up a storm Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at London charity ball The 46-year-old model put her best foot forward  Celebrity hair tribes: How stars with similar passions flock to the same salons - and end up with the same hairstyles!  Sorting out their locks Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Former Pussycat Doll 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticized by 'mean girls' Lea Michele and Cara Santana head to the gym in 'twinning' workout gear in West Hollywood Ex Glee star seen with the fiancée of Desperate Housewives star Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Splashing out John Lennon's furious Beatles breakup letter, in which he pities Paul McCartney because of Linda's 'insane' family and says the band were 'big b*****ds,' sold for $30,000 Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Expecting her second kid Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together They have three kids Mommy's night out! Behati Prinsloo leaves Adam and baby at home as she goes casual cool while hitting the town Leaving West Hollywood hotspot Delilah  EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist - and Solange's elevator attack was 'straight up' over another woman PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body 'We're not cars, we're people': Cyndi Lauper, 63, bemoans ageism in the media... as fellow iconic singer Debbie Harry, 71, admits - 'I'm guilty of it' Ahoy, mateys! Josh Duhamel and son Axl brandish cartoon-style pirate swords in Beverly Hills He plays a no-nonsense soldier in Transformers This Is Us star Chrissy Metz reveals she is contractually obligated to lose weight over the course of the series... but she's up for it Claims she's 'excited' Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  Speaking in NYC Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks social media silence as she posts an inspirational quote and thanks her friends for their support  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' Claire Danes goes make-up free for hand-in-hand stroll with husband Hugh Dancy The couple still looked giddy in love after seven years of marriage Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple have been dating since 2014 Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise 'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son EXCLUSIVE: Former Gakwer CEO Nick Denton still gives his husband a $1,550 monthly allowance despite filing for bankruptcy following Hulk Hogan lawsuit Has he told Kim? Kanye West is booed after going on 40 minute rant in which he revealed he didn't vote - but if he did he would have voted for Trump  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Caitlyn Jenner looks laid-back in jeans while running errands alone  The 67-year-old I Am Cait star juggled her Starbucks holiday coffee cup with other items Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even SEX CLUB membership Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York Splashing out Bella Hadid shows off her slender figure in skinny jeans after being slammed over Nike campaign by Olympian Meryl Davis  Failed to raise a smile 'I have not been honest with myself': Scream actress Bex Taylor-Klaus comes out as gay Live-streamed with fans to talk about it Kesha rocks Metallica 'Damaged Justice' T-shirt for sound check before Miami concert Troubled singer was performing at the Best Buddies Miami Gala Eat, Pray, Love author Elizabeth Gilbert gushes over new girlfriend after their relationship ended her nine-year marriage Left her husband for her best friend Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  The Grand Tour review 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Thigh's the limit! Kris Jenner hits the town in fishnets, long leather boots and a shimmery mini dress  The 61-year-old went for a youthful look Alec Baldwin takes romantic stroll with wife Hilaria... after revealing he'll RETURN as Donald Trump on tomorrow's SNL Much-anticipated revival! 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' 'Those dudes get all the attention!' Gilmore Girls' Lauren Graham on how she fell for Peter Krause... despite being 'wary' of his good looks Co-star romance How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Twice as nice! Rebecca Romijn is ageless as always as she has very busy morning of interviews The 44-year-old kicked off at the Today show Make them feel merry AND bright! From a holographic gloss to pearlized polish, shop holiday beauty gifts so shiny, they won't be able to look away 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike Fired back Diane Kruger is a far cry from her glamorous self as she films scenes for gritty German drama Aus dem Nichts Usually she's perfectly turned out Gwen Stefani is autumn chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Evergreen 47-year-old 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona Ditched trademark look Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... Candice Swanepoel puts cleavage on display in lacy top as she cuddles up with newborn son Anacã The 28-year-old model shared adorable selfie A woman's best friend! Mother who battled depression and obesity says a PUPPY pushed her to lose 200LBS and helped her to overcome her mental health issues Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban Free Brad! Chelsea Handler takes another swipe at 'lunatic' Angelina Jolie joking Pitt is being emancipated rather than getting divorced  Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at charity ball Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The Modern Family star documented the family inking on Snapchat The kiss was just a kiss! Marc Anthony tries to prove Jennifer Lopez smooch at Latin Grammys was innocent as he puckers up to his pals How will Nick Gordon get $36m? Bobbi Kristina's estate gets a collections lawyer in wrongful death suit - and there could still be a murder charge in case 'Fitness Friday!' Ivanka Trump shares sweet snap of Arabella 'monkeying around' at the gym before heading to the office in a chic monochrome ensemble She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA Was showing off some serious shoulder Santa's model helpers! Jourdan Dunn shows off statuesque figure in skin-tight jeans as she joins Martha Hunt for festive celebrations in New York City Transcendental Meditation, targeted workouts, and protein-packed meals: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for the Victoria's Secret show Style Swoon: From Eva Longoria's holiday clothing line to Cate Blanchett's rocker-chic leather pants, FEMAIL reveals the fashions we are loving this week Best on our desks: This week, a lotion you apply in the SHOWER, a travel-size cleansing duo and a new way to get rid of blackheads top our beauty picks Carrying Miss Daisy! Olivia Wilde cradles baby daughter in a sling on early morning outing in New York Baby Daisy Josephine couldn't look cosier 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Looked like any couple Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching Nothing basic about her! Lisa Rinna wears head-to-toe black as she puts together the perfect travelling ensemble With her daughter in tow 'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Nicole Scherzinger keeps it casual in a black strapless ensemble as she grabs a bite to eat with a male pal in LA Doing low-key chic Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dapper in quirky checked suit as he promotes Fantastic Beasts with his co-stars in China Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four Today's headlines Most Read 'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down on his attacks on Hamilton as pro-Pence rallies... Melania and Barron Trump WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC- threatening years of... Horrific moment a children's hospital in Aleppo is bombed for the second time in a WEEK as workers... What blind trust? Donald Trump meets with Indian business partners and his three children a week AFTER being... Senior officials 'call for the director of the NSA be removed from his position over security lapses' Father-of-three and a nurse engaged to be married are among four people identified as victims of Nevada air... Winter is coming: Storm brings first snow of the season and wind in the Northeast as temperatures dip into... Putin to ask Trump's permission to bomb Syria: Russian ambassador to London says airstrikes are 'diplomacy... 'It was like living in Disneyland': Pablo Escobar's son talks about a childhood of luxury while his drug... 'Call me and talk to me like a man': Kanye West addresses former pal Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he... Prince's squabbling siblings put aside their fight over his $300m inheritance to pay tribute to him at the... Donations to the Clinton Foundation plummeted amid Hillary's failed run for the presidency  The almost handshake: Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin photographed in brief exchange at Peru summit - but... FBI arrest 'female kidnapper' after ransom is paid for woman abducted from her Washington home - who STILL... 'My sister staged her engagement to interrupt my vows!' Married couples reveal the shocking ways their... Can YOU spot the odd one out? Only true perfectionists can see the tiny size difference in these sequences  Decorated soldier, 21, is found dead in barracks at Fort Bragg  Indiana city renames Columbus Day and Good Friday to be more 'culturally sensitive' Woman accidentally shot in head at North Carolina gun show after weapon her husband had bought discharged Winter storm causes 340 crashes as it sweeps through Minnesota leaving at least one person dead - as it... Florida surfer, 60, dies fulfilling Southern California dream to ride the waves off Huntington Beach - after... I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star... Germany's Iron Lady Angela Merkel plans to run for a fourth term as chancellor in next year's election  Blair is back! Former PM announces he is 'returning to British politics' because the Tories are 'screwing up... Donald Trump goes to church in New Jersey before meeting with Rudy Giuliani, Chris Christie and Hollywood... 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies... Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called 'a phony, racist and bigot' in election... 'Totally one-sided and biased': Donald Trump slams SNL for scathing skit in which Alec Baldwin portrays... White Lives Matter activists clash with anti-Trump protesters in Texas as cops arrest eight MORE HEADLINES Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called 'a phony, racist and bigot' in election war-of-words as Trump dangles prospect of White House job during another busy day of transition meetings Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election backlash by telling Starbucks baristas their name is 'Trump' so they have to shout the name when their cup of Joe is ready President-elect attacks Hamilton saying Mike Pence was 'harassed' by 'very rude' cast who stopped the show to confront VP sitting in the audience - while the crowd BOOED him and his family 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies Pence, asks SIRI about ISIS and holds awkward meeting with Romney in scathing SNL skit  'It made us cry some more': Gold Star family of soldier killed by suicide bomber during Veterans Day run get BOOED by American Airlines first class for delaying flight on way to pick up their dead son's body  'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down on his attacks on Hamilton as pro-Pence rallies are held outside theater despite celebrity support for under fire cast Melania and Barron Trump WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC- threatening years of nightmarish traffic and security checks for shoppers near Trump Tower  Left to paddle to their deaths: Uncle and another man are charged with manslaughter after brothers, six and nine, drowned after being washed over a 70-foot waterfall Strip clubs, drag shows... And the KKK: Troubling politics of the eighties and the era's misfits 'who your mother warned you about', all captured by iconic photographer 'I told her it was OK to close her eyes and go to sleep and I kissed her': Cancer stricken four-year-old who broke the internet's heart after her father posted a photo of her pain and suffering has died, family announce All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  The icy tomb of Britain's frozen teenager: Pictured for the first time, the -196C cryo-tank where body of 14-year-old cancer girl is hung upside down in a £10 sleeping bag with FIVE other corpses German husband who killed his Filipino wife and sliced her body into eight pieces to go on a Thailand sex holiday has been jailed for life  Was new mom MURDERED for her baby? Two arrested in Dallas 'for kidnapping week-old baby they may have passed off as their own after mother was found shot dead'  Mystery as UFO hunter posts images of huge spherical object in front of the Sun that was captured by NASA cameras Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend is seen for the first time since leaving London as she arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Blair is back! Former PM announces he is 'returning to British politics' because the Tories are 'screwing up Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn is a nutter' as he prepares to meet with Theresa May  Lover gets stuck inside married mistress while having sex after her husband asked a witch doctor to curse her genitals Trump meets with controversial school reformer Michelle Rhee as she is considered for Secretary of Education in his Cabinet 'Happy holidays from the very gay, very liberal table sitting next to you': Woman pays for one family's dinner and leaves message of acceptance on the receipt after overhearing their homophobic comments Who is deplorable now? Gang of four are charged after 'beating' Trump supporter in horrific attack caught on camera  Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Butt they won! Yale students delay annual football game with Harvard by stripping off  'Go to another country if you don't like Trump': Federal judge at US citizenship ceremony goes on rant defending the President elect Boy paralyzed by a gun shot to the face aged 7, who turned down a $3M payout in exchange for having weapons destroyed and saving others, dies of his injuries 22 years after accident  'He was able to do whatever he wanted': Girl, 13, speaks out after being sexually assaulted on a plane by 'drunk' stranger sitting next to her for 30 minutes Michelle Obama is among thousands who gather to celebrate the life of first female co-anchor Gwen Ifill at a memorial service in Washington Alabama police officer fired over racist Facebook post saying Michelle Obama is ‘fluent in ghetto’ Woman, 27, who admitted to having sex with her dog three times burst into tears after a judge told her she would spend the weekend behind bars MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Science SpaceX seeks US approval for Internet-via-satellite network SpaceX seeks US approval for Internet-via-satellite network SpaceX is requesting government approval to operate a massive satellite network that would provide high-speed, global internet coverage By: Reuters | Houston | Published:November 17, 2016 10:34 am SpaceX is requesting government approval to operate a massive satellite network that would provide high-speed, global internet coverage. Private rocket launch service SpaceX is requesting government approval to operate a massive satellite network that would provide high-speed, global internet coverage, according to newly filed documents with the US Federal Communications Commission. The California-based company, owned and operated by technology entrepreneur Elon Musk, has proposed an orbiting digital communications array that would eventually consist of 4,425 satellites, the documents show. The project, which Musk previously said would cost at least $10 billion, was first announced in January 2015. The latest documents, which include technical details of the proposed network, did not mention cost estimates or financing plans. Financial backers of the company, whose full name is Space Exploration Technologies Corp, include Alphabet’s Google Inc and Fidelity Investments, which together have contributed $1 billion to Musk’s space launch firm. The proposed SpaceX network would begin with the launch of about 800 satellites to expand internet access in the United States, including Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands, the FCC filings showed. “The system is designed to provide a wide range of broadband and communications services for residential, commercial, institutional, government and professional users worldwide,” SpaceX said in technical documents accompanying its filing. Similar internet-via-satellite networks are under development by privately owned OneWeb and by Boeing Co. Such a system would provide a space-based alternative to cable, fiber-optics and other terrestrial internet access currently available. SpaceX did not say when its launches would occur. The satellites would be launched into orbits ranging from 714 miles to 823 miles (1,150-1,325 km) above Earth. Each satellite, about the size of an average car, not including solar panels, would weigh 850 pounds (386 kg), SpaceX said. SpaceX’s primary business is launching satellites into orbit for government and commercial customers. It also flies cargo supply ships to the International Space Station for NASA. SpaceX rocket launches have been on hold since a Sept 1 launch pad accident that destroyed a $62 million Falcon 9 booster and a $200 million Israeli communications satellite. The company hopes to resume flights next month. Tags: SpaceX Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaIndore Patna Express derails: Worst train accident in years kills 121; fractured rail likely cause IndiaPM Modi attacks Mamata Banerjee: 'Those who looted poor's chit fund money are raising finger at me' IndiaIndore Patna Express derailed: Make train journeys safe, PM Modi tells railway officials IndiaMy religion is nobody else's business, says CJI T S Thakur BusinessCentre-state stalemate over GST jurisdiction continues EntertainmentRajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch: I am the villain and Akshay is the hero, says Rajini EntertainmentAamir Khan attends Geeta Phogat's wedding, says Dangal is her gift, see inside pics EntertainmentBigg Boss 10 evicted contestant Karan feels Bani is highly misunderstood EntertainmentRajinikanth’s 2.0 first look launch: Akshay Kumar is up for battle of the year Must Read SportsIndia late show undoes England's defiance in Vizag SportsPV Sindhu wins China Open Series SportsSindhu 3rd Indian to win China Open: Twitter reacts TechnologyApple iPhone 8 to Samsung Galaxy S8: Top smartphones rumoured to launch with bezel-less design TechnologyBeware: WhatsApp group video-calling invite is a scam! TechnologySamsung Galaxy J3 (2017) to launch soon, suggest leaked press renders LifestyleParineeti Chopra, Sonakshi Sinha, Katrina Kaif: Bollywood belles in rocking style for Coldplay's Mumbai concert Nov 20: Latest News After hat trick, no one better than Cristiano Ronaldo at Madrid derby Pawar attacks Modi govt over demonetisation, bullet train project Opposition to meet on demonetisation tomorrow, Congress issues whip Yeh Hai Mohabbatein 20th November 2016 full episode written update: Raman and Vidyut are friends and Vidyut helps Raman to meet Ishita. Koffee With Karan Season 5: Varun Dhawan and Arjun Kapoor’s gay act steals the Karan Johar show                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Airbus to announce jetliner sale to Japan's Peach Aviation: sources Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Asia | Thu Nov 17, 2016 | 3:32am EST Airbus to announce jetliner sale to Japan's Peach Aviation: sources Airbus's logo is seen during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo, Japan, October 12, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon By Tim Hepher and Tim Kelly | PARIS/TOKYO PARIS/TOKYO Airbus is set to announce an order from Japanese low-cost carrier Peach Aviation, industry sources said, in a move that could help the planemaker narrow a gap with rival Boeing in their race to supply to Asia's No.2 aviation market. The order from Peach Aviation - 39 percent owned by Japan's largest airline ANA Holdings - is expected to cover ten fuel-saving A320neo narrow body airliners and three previous versions of the A320, for $1.3 billion at list prices, said the sources, who did not want to be named as the deal is not public. The European firm has said it will announce a "significant order" at a press briefing on Friday, 0100 GMT. A spokesman for the company in Tokyo, however, declined to comment when asked whether it would unveil an order by Peach Aviation. The deal could be a shot in the arm for Airbus in its race against Boeing in Japan, where the latter is a bigger player with its strong ties to local aerospace firms such as Mitsubishi Heavy Industries that build significant portions of its jetliners. But, barring-last minute changes, the Peach Aviation order will be significantly smaller than some had expected. According to the sources, Airbus has spent months trying to sell dozens of A320neo passenger jets to Peach Aviation. The sources did not say whether the deal would include provisions to later expand the order with more jets. Peach Aviation, which is looking to grow it business by adding new routes in Japan said: "We are considering various options, but have not yet decided on aircraft orders." "I am not currently aware of any plans for us to hold a press conference on Friday," a spokesman for the low-cost carrier said. A spokeswoman for ANA also said that it was unaware of a press briefing on Friday. Peach Aviation began flying in 2012 from Kansai in western Japan and operates 18 single-aisle Airbus A320 planes. It started flying to Tokyo's Haneda airport last year, and plans to open services to Sendai in northeast Japan in the business year starting April and to the northern island of Hokkaido in the following twelve-month period. An order from Peach Aviation will take Airbus nearer to its target to sell 670 planes this year in the global market that is seen as somewhat oversupplied with jets. At the end of October, Airbus was 85 aircraft short of its aim. (Reporting by Tim Hepher in Paris and Tim Kelly in Tokyo; Editing by Himani Sarkar) Next In Asia China says Dalai Lama's Mongolia visit could harm ties BEIJING China urged Mongolia on Sunday to take steps to protect the two countries' relations after the Dalai Lama visited the central Asian country at the weekend, despite Beijing repeatedly voicing its opposition. India's top e-tailer Flipkart eyes groceries; renewed push in furniture BENGALURU India's top e-commerce player Flipkart plans to move into the groceries space and make a renewed push in the online furniture business, as it expands its product portfolio and looks to outmaneuver global giant Amazon.com in a burgeoning Indian market. Fed up with EU, Erdogan says Turkey could join Shanghai bloc ISTANBUL President Tayyip Erdogan was quoted on Sunday as saying that Turkey did not need to join the European Union "at all costs" and could instead become part of a security bloc dominated by China, Russia and Central Asian nations. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Christie’s preps for fall auctions Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
Close Welcome! Log In|Sign up |Log In|Subscribe Log Out|Manage Your Account Manage Subscriptions E-Edition November 20, 2016 Place an Ad Subscribe Subscriber Services eEdition Advertise With Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Missouri employment reaches all-time high - Dothan Eagle: State Advanced Search Dothan 55° Dothan Eagle Home Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports Alabama Auburn High School Local Recreation Troy Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place a Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Home News Ap Missouri employment reaches all-time high Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Wednesday, November 16, 2016 5:48 pm | Updated: 6:15 pm, Wed Nov 16, 2016. Missouri employment reaches all-time high Associated Press | JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) — Missouri's employment has reached an all-time high. The state Department of Economic Development on Wednesday said nonfarm payroll employment grew by 9,300 jobs in October. 2That's a record high at more than 2.8 million jobs. The state gained close to 51,000 jobs in the past year. Unemployment also dropped slightly from 5.2 percent to 5.1 percent. Outgoing Gov. Jay Nixon praised the employment numbers Wednesday. He also touted Boeing Co.'s Tuesday announcement that the company would move 500 jobs to St. Louis County. © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about General News ARTICLE: Durango to get all winter water from Animas River Cowboys' Romo active as he moves into backup role ARTICLE: Cowboys' Romo active as he moves into backup role Tamir Rice's mother remains frustrated 2 years after death Tamir Rice's mother remains frustrated 2 years after death Discuss Print Posted in Ap on Wednesday, November 16, 2016 5:48 pm. Updated: 6:15 pm. | Tags: General News | Location Tags: Missouri, United States, North America Similar Stories After lengthy drift, Haiti votes for new leader South Dakota poultry producers bounce back from bird flu Kanye West rants about Beyoncé before cutting concert short Iowa man dies 15 years after being injured in shooting Teen on bike struck by Central Texas hit-and-run driver dies Most Read Sheriff Donald Valenza describes search for Amanda Bond Dale County jailer charged with trying to smuggle drugs into jail Amanda Bond's body found two weeks after deputies say she was murdered Four Dothan schools score among best in state on ACT Aspire test UPDATED: LaBrian Stewart fired as Northview head football coach Videos Editor's Picks Will a Trump presidency be good for farmers? While President-elect Donald Trump can’t do anything about the drought, local peanut farmers are “cautiously optimistic” a Trump … Arkansas State blasts No. 25 Troy with strong second half TROY – What began as a defensive slugfest between Arkansas State and No. 25 Troy Thursday ended in a rout thanks to an outstandin… Dothan's Granger inks with AU Equestrian team When she was 8 years old, Terri-June Granger received a horse at Christmas. Monday’s supermoon closest in nearly 70 years You can see the moon bigger and brighter than usual on Monday. National Peanut Festival Parade draws big crowd under mostly sunny skies They made their way toward Main Street, big hands holding little hands, some pushing strollers or pulling wagons. In Case You Missed It < Folklore Brewing creates beer series in military’s honor U.S. Army veteran Brian Brenner said he and his wife, who also serves in the military, stumbled across Folklore Brewing & Meadery during a rec article business Team Alpha Martial Arts Academy blends fitness with education In the center of the room, instructor Kevin Johnson and star pupil Chris Young, a 12-year-old, intently practice maneuvers on the mat in the sport of article local Dante’s Pizza: A family tradition Raffaele Clemente has a very simple motto for running his business. article local Future Masters champ, Alabama star golfer Robby Shelton embraces turning pro Beginning a professional golf career is challenging enough in itself. For former Future Masters champion and University of Alabama standout Robby Shel article local Dancin' Dave now has his own Peanut statue HEADLAND – All due respect to Elvis and the handsome Peanut that bears his likeness in Dothan, but Dancin’ Dave is the King of the Wiregrass. article local > Sections Home News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Videos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Site Index Add Search Toolbar Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact us dothaneagle.com dothaneagle.com Phone number: 334-792-3141 E-mail: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Address: 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Search Search in: All Eufaula Tribune Enterprise Ledger Dothan Eagle Army Flier Photos Video Dothan Eagle, Dothan, AL © 2016 BH Media Group, Inc. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use] Haven’t signed up for All Access yet? Get started here… Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now. Need more information about All Access? Get all of the details here. If you are a current subscriber and haven’t signed up for All Access yet, get started here.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Rewards Advertise Subscribe Submission Forms e-Edition News Local CNMI Pacific Weather Sunday Post Arts & Culture Columns Events Film / TV Food Lifestyle Literature Music News Features Profiles Travel Business Real Estate Technology Stock Market The Globe Philippines/Asia Nation World Forum Editorial Featured Columnists Letters to the Editor Entertainment Movies Lifestyle Odd News Food Community Classifieds Obituaries Event Calendar Sports Local Nation World Multimedia Photo Gallery Timelines Video Gallery From Readers Submit News About Us Contact Us Subscribe Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout e-Edition 82° Few Clouds Barrigada, GU (96913) Today Partly to mostly cloudy with scattered showers and thunderstorms developing in the afternoon. High 87F. Winds ENE at 15 to 25 mph. Chance of rain 40%.. Tonight Variable clouds with scattered thunderstorms. Low 79F. Winds ENE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 50%. Updated: November 21, 2016 @ 2:54 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Rewards Advertise Subscribe Submission Forms e-Edition News Local CNMI Pacific Weather Sunday Post Arts & Culture Columns Events Film / TV Food Lifestyle Literature Music News Features Profiles Travel Business Real Estate Technology Stock Market The Globe Philippines/Asia Nation World Forum Editorial Featured Columnists Letters to the Editor Entertainment Movies Lifestyle Odd News Food Community Classifieds Place an Ad Obituaries Event Calendar Sports Local Nation World Multimedia Photo Gallery Timelines Video Gallery From Readers Submit News U.S. manufacturing groups urge Trump to think hard about trade threats Reuters Updated Nov 17, 2016 (…) America's manufacturers are urging President-elect Donald Trump to back off from his most threatening trade rhetoric and pursue a more nuanced approach to trade with China and Mexico, avoiding unilateral tariff actions and focusing on negotiations. Corporate lobbying groups, some chief executives and pro-trade lawmakers also say they eventually even hope to persuade Trump that free-trade agreements can help grow the U.S. economy and create jobs. For now, these groups are bracing for higher trade tensions with China and potential changes to the 22-year-old North American Free Trade agreement with Canada and Mexico. Trump has said he would quit NAFTA unless it is renegotiated to his satisfaction and that he would declare China a currency manipulator to force negotiations for better trade terms. His suggestions that his administration could impose 45 percent across-the-board tariffs on goods from China have drawn threats of retaliation by Chinese state media against U.S. soybeans and companies such as Boeing Co. and Apple Inc. "I think it's easy to paint this is a trade war versus nothing," said Scott Paul, president of the Alliance for American Manufacturing, a group representing steel and other basic industries that has argued in favor of tougher trade remedies to combat Chinese imports. "I'm of the belief that there is a lot of space between our current policy and an all-out trade war," Paul said, adding that he would like to see Trump be more proactive on enforcing existing trade rules. Online Poll Do you think the U.S. should abolish the Electoral College system? You voted: Yes, one citizen's vote should not be worth more or less than another's because of where they live. No, minorities and voters in smaller states will be under-represented. Vote View Results Back Forum Congratulations on a successful film festival Post News Staff Updated 49 min ago We offer our congratulations to the organizers, staff and participants on the successful completion of the 6th Annual Guam International Film Festival. The festival attracted more than 200 submissions which were narrowed down to the nearly 60 films from around the world, many from the Asia-P… Read more • Editorials • Featured Columnists • Letters to the Editor Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Multimedia Multimedia Gallery: Pink Ladies Thanksgiving raffle +6 Nov 18, 2016 (…) +11 Multimedia Gallery: Guam Parole Board convenes Updated Nov 18, 2016 (…) Multimedia Mother Dawn Marie speaks to media Updated Nov 16, 2016 (…) Multimedia Video Summary Sea Surface Microlayer Cruise Nov 11, 2016 (…) Multimedia Falkor BROLL - Saanich Glassy Nov 11, 2016 (…) The Sunday Post Click the front page of our latest Sunday Post issue below to read the e-Edition, FREE! Kids Post Click the Kids Post issue below to check out the free e-Edition! e-Edition Supplements Click the front page of our latest Special Supplement below to read the e-Edition, FREE! Most Popular Articles Images Videos Articles Man accused of stealing $2 at Harmon game room Beating victim requests delay in parole decision Man reportedly threatens, spits on police Victim’s daughter: ‘No parole’ Alleged cockfight brawlers appear in court Rev and Tax: Leon Guerrero owes $3.2M Woman accused of breaking into hotel rooms Feds seize $4.6M in meth Businessman avoids jail after work undercover Court unable to serve Apuron Images Videos Submit an Ad If you're interested in submitting a classified ad, click here.Submit Online Features Pets advertorial Make the Holidays Furry and Bright: Tips for Holiday Travel with Pets Updated Nov 19, 2016 Education advertorial Tips to Land a College Scholarship Updated Nov 19, 2016 Health & Wellness advertorial Tips to Keep Your Family Healthy and Happy this Winter Updated Nov 19, 2016 Real-time Stocks Sections News The Globe Forum Sports Community Multimedia Online Features Services Subscription Services Site Forms Search Contact Information postguam.com 388 S. Marine Corps Drive, Suite 301 Tamuning, Guam 96913 Phone: (671) 649-1924 Email: webmaster@postguam.com Follow Us
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 39° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Mainly sunny. High 46F. Winds light and variable.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 29F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 20, 2016 @ 10:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell The Platform Close Charles Sykes Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump arrive at a benefit at New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art in May. Ivanka currently serves as a boardroom judge on her father's show "The Apprentice." Happy 31st birthday, Ivanka! Editorial: Short takes on Trump troubles, tangles, bangles and baubles. By the Editorial Board Nov 18, 2016 (…) Charles Sykes Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump arrive at a benefit at New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art in May. Ivanka currently serves as a boardroom judge on her father's show "The Apprentice." Happy 31st birthday, Ivanka! Baubles, bangles and beads The presidency of the United States is not only the most powerful office in the world, but think of the marketing potential! Usually the president and his relatives wait until after leaving office to cash in, but not always. Billy Carter hawked beer. Hugh and Tony Rodham, brothers of first lady Hillary Clinton, hawked hazelnuts. The various arms of Trump Enterprises will have a big challenge separating the public from the private, as President-elect Donald Trump has always aggressively traded on his name as his brand. Right out of the box on Monday, after Trump and his family had been interviewed on “60 Minutes” Sunday night, an aggressive marketeer at Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry company sent out a “fashion alert” noting that Ivanka Trump has worn “her favorite bangle” (an $8,800 to $10,000 bracelet) on the CBS News show. "Please share this with your clients …" the email said. This was an embarrassment to Ivanka Trump, whose company president explained that the message "was sent by a well-intentioned marketing employee at one of our companies who was following customary protocol, and who, like many of us, is still making adjustments post-election." Can the Trump companies go from “customary protocol” — cashing in relentlessly — to standing idly by and letting the greatest marketing opportunity in the world go unexploited? Don't bet your favorite bangle on it. A dish served cold The first week of the Trump transition also featured a kind of dark and vengeful family subplot normally associated with Shakespeare or “The Sopranos.” Three days after Trump’s election, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, after having run the Trump campaign’s transition planning effort, was sacked in favor of the vice president-elect, Mike Pence. Three advisers who Christie had brought along also were summarily shown the door. Jared Kushner, Ivanka Trump’s husband and one of Donald Trump’s most trusted advisers, had wreaked revenge. Back in 2005, as U.S. attorney for New Jersey, Christie had sent Charles Kushner, Jared’s dad, to federal prison. The elder Kushner, a prominent donor to Democratic politicians in New Jersey, pleaded guilty to illegal campaign contributions, tax evasion and witness tampering. Jared Kushner always thought his father had gotten a raw deal and that Christie, who used the case as a springboard to becoming New Jersey’s Republican governor, had been politically motivated. Christie, who may have legal troubles of his own in the wake of the convictions of two top aides in his governor’s office in the “bridgegate” scandal, was kept around the Trump campaign as long as he was useful. But when it came time to reap the spoils of war, Jared Kushner sprang the trap door under him. Chicago-style politics has nothing on Jersey-style politics. Above it all People who aren’t shopping at a luxury jewelry store or interviewing for a position in Donald Trump’s administration may want to avoid New York City’s Fifth Avenue near the southeastern corner of Central Park. A major thoroughfare through Manhattan, Fifth Avenue is one of the world’s most prestigious shopping destinations and home to Trump Tower, where the president-elect lives in a penthouse suite. While New York City police and Secret Service agents are establishing a security zone around Trump, business near the tower is grinding to a halt. Shoppers headed to Gucci and Tiffany stores in Trump Tower were allowed in recently after they were questioned and their bags were searched, according to The New York Times. Presidents have always had second homes, but not in midtown Manhattan. Trump is reported to be a homebody who likes to wake up in his own bed, and is certainly free to live where he wants. A piece of advice for dealing with this president, who is not like any others, is to buckle up. Just don't plan on buying your buckles from Gucci or Tiffany. She'll be missed Gwen Ifill was a standard-bearer for fair journalism, covering the White House, Congress and national campaigns for 30 years for two major newspapers and two television networks. President Barack Obama called Ifill a friend at a news conference on Monday shortly after her death at age 61. Obama said Ifill, the daughter of an African Methodist Episcopal minister, “always kept faith” with the fundamental responsibilities of her profession: To ask tough questions, hold people in power accountable and defend a strong and free press. Ifill broke ground as a black woman in a field dominated by white men when she began her journalism career after graduating from Simmons College in Boston in 1977. She was known as a tough and thorough reporter, dependably gracious and with a lively sense of humor. Ifill was an inspiration for women in her field, as one half of the first all-woman anchor team on a nightly network news show, PBS’s “NewsHour.” Ifill died of complications from uterine cancer at a hospice in Washington. Pride of place  Boeing is banking on St. Louis, moving 500 jobs to the company’s North County campus from Huntington Beach, Calif. The aerospace giant’s Defense, Space & Security division is already headquartered in St. Louis, and Boeing officials decided that expanding here would help them maximize profit and get the most from their workforce. This was a solid business decision, made for all the right reasons. St. Louis’ low cost of living and accessible urban lifestyle make it an attractive place to live. Living in Huntington Beach is 135 percent more expensive than living in St. Louis. Boeing knows the region’s charms, and other companies are going to recognize the area offers a lot that other cities find hard to match. Tags The Trump Organization Boeing Gwen Ifill Jared Kushner Chris Christie Donald Trump Company View (…) comments From the Post-Dispatch's archives Found on St. Louis Post Dispatch powered by Newspapers.com Follow the Platform on social media Most popular Confined to bed, disabled former Rock Hill police officer feels forgotten Carjackers lead police on high-speed chase from Wentzville to Maryland Heights Two students with St. Louis ties are among new Rhodes Scholars Wentzville man shoved fingers in throat of infant son to stop his crying, police say Man found shot to death in vehicle in St. Louis Latest in section Editorial: Assessing Trump's immigration and trade plans with eyes wide open Horrigan: How I quit the NFL cold turkey and accidentally became part of a movement Editorial: Short takes on Trump troubles, tangles, bangles and baubles. Editorial: The public should retain a say when tax incentives decisions are made Editorial: Local governments are abysmal at complying with Sunshine Law requests Quick links Aisha Sultan Bill McClellan Current Affairs Kevin Horrigan Pat Gauen Tony Messenger Do you know a woman of achievement? Access our archives See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home Weather 56° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Zika Ways 2 Save Home Connect TV More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Zika Ways 2 Save Home Connect TV Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Weather Alert 14 weather alerts Close SpaceX looks to the skies to bring faster Internet Eli Blumenthal, USA TODAY , WTLV 8:47 AM. EST November 18, 2016 Photo: NASA CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST We may soon be adding Internet provider to the list of things SpaceX offers. Elon Musk's space company, best known for its ambition to privatize space travel, has asked the Federal Communications Commission for approval of its plan to launch 4,425 satellites into orbit. The goal of the satellites would be to provide Internet access for "residential, commercial, institutional, governmental and professional users" around the world, according to the FCC filings. The initial deployment would see the launch of 1,600 satellites. After 800 satellites are launched the company would turn on the service, which could cover the "contiguous United States, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands," say SpaceX's filings, submitted earlier this week. Once fully operational, the system would encompass "virtually all parts of the Earth’s surface and therefore, in principle, have the ability to provide ubiquitous global service," the filings say. The "constellation" of satellites would be 1,110-1,325 kilometers, or roughly 690-823 miles, above the earth. This would put them into low-earth orbit, similar to weather satellites and much closer to the earth than GPS satellites, which are approximately 20,200 km, or 12,550 miles, away. By operating closer to earth, the system could theoretically offer faster speeds that would rival, or even surpass, the cable and fiber optic broadband speeds available today. Once fully deployed, SpaceX says the system would be able to provide speeds of up to 1 gigabit per second.In its latest "State of the Internet" report earlier this year, network provider Akamai Technologies found the average global Internet speed to be 6.1 megabits per second, exponentially slower than SpaceX's potential service. SpaceX says the satellites weigh about 850 pounds and are roughly the size of a car. Each satellite will have an expected lifespan of 5-7 years, although no timeline was provided for when SpaceX would seek to launch the satellites. This satellite broadband project is part of Musk's $10 billion global broadband delivery plan, announced last year. Google and Fidelity have since invested a combined $1 billion, in part to help with the launch of the program according to The Washington Post. SpaceX is just the latest company looking at aerial means of expanding global high-speed Internet coverage. Google's parent company Alphabet has been exploring Internet delivery through drones and balloons while airplane maker Boeing has been pursuing a similar satellite-based delivery system utilizing around 1,400 satellites. OpenWeb, a group backed by Virgin Group founder Richard Branson and Qualcomm executive chairman Paul Jacobs, plans to launch its own, global high-speed satellite Internet service in 2018. Follow Eli Blumenthal on Twitter @eliblumenthal CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Father sends plea to missing daughter Mannequin challenge starts on the First Coast Child killed in crash in Clay County 1 killed after motorcycle slams into car Two Lake City teens missing Candlelight vigil for 3 recent murder victims On Your Side: Challenges after Hurricane Matthew Man offering truck for finding lost dog Deputy U.S. marshal killed in SE Georgia More Stories Freeze Watch issued for portions of the First Coast Jan 27, 2016, 5:58 a.m. Multiple people injured, 5 boats burned in Green… Nov 19, 2016, 8:46 p.m. Gators, Seminoles to clash in prime time on ABC 25 Nov 20, 2016, 9:27 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home National Politics Weather 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Radars Conditions Beach Cam Weather Alerts More... Weather Apps Health Detail Mosquito Report Hurricane Central Location Search Local Florida News Georgia News On Your Side Strange News Military News Health News More... Education News Hurricane Central #YouFirst News Tips Buddy Check 12 On Point Business News Good Morning Jacksonville Zika Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Traffic Map Travel Sports Georgia-Florida High School Football FSU Seminoles High School Sports College Football Athlete of the Week More... Gators First From You Jaguars Golf News 2016 Olympics RSM Classic NASCAR NCAA Basketball Tournament The Players Features Entertainment Community The Chat First Coast Living Student of the Week Life In Balance More... Buddy Check 12 Family Ties What's Cooking Publix Kitchen 26.2 With Donna Lottery Pet Health Tips Contests Men Wear Gowns, too Oscars Teacher of the Week Ways To Save T.D. Jakes CIL Chat Magnify Money Vote Thankful About Meet The Team ABC 25 Schedule NBC 12 Schedule Jobs at FCN Contact Us Advertise with Us More... Appearance Requests Closed Captioning Appearance Request Weather FAQ ABC Player Justice Network Privacy Terms Community Rules Ad Choices RSS Connect With Us Newsletters Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File Conversation Guidelines Crossword The Chat Player USA Today Social Player Weather Apps FCN Connects First Coast Living Player Whats On NBC USA Today Social Player Survey Cobrand Header Cobrand Footer Only © 2016 WTLV-TV Services Advertise With Us Closed Captioning First Coast News Jobs TV Schedule FCC Online Public Inspection File Terms of Service Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Ad Choices Our Partners NBC ABC Cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
November 20, 2016 Search for: Home News Launch Schedule Mission Reports Antares Ariane 5 Atlas 5 Delta 4 Falcon 9 H-2A Soyuz Space Station Subscribe Members Astronomy Now Store Breaking News [ November 20, 2016 ] Photos: Atlas 5 launches new weather observer Atlas 5 [ November 20, 2016 ] Atlas 5 launches the most advanced U.S. weather satellite in history Atlas 5 [ November 20, 2016 ] Video: GOES-R departs Earth atop Atlas 5 rocket Atlas 5 [ November 18, 2016 ] Photos: Station crew suits up, blasts off on Soyuz rocket Mission Reports [ November 18, 2016 ] Live coverage: Atlas 5 countdown and launch journal Atlas 5 Twitter Facebook Soyuz takes off, heads for space station November 17, 2016 William Harwood STORY WRITTEN FOR CBS NEWS & USED WITH PERMISSION The Soyuz rocket lifted off at 2020 GMT (3:20 p.m. EST) Thursday. Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls By the light of a waning moon, a Russian rocket carrying a veteran cosmonaut, a French flight engineer making his first flight and America’s most experienced female astronaut blasted off and streaked smoothly into orbit Thursday, the first step in a two-day rendezvous with the International Space Station. The workhorse Soyuz-FG rocket roared to life with a torrent of fiery exhaust and climbed away from its pad at the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan at 3:20 p.m. EST (GMT-5; 2:20 a.m. Friday local time), quickly accelerating through a cold, cloudless sky and flying directly into the plane of the space station’s orbit. Live television views from inside the Soyuz MS-03/49S ferry craft showed commander Oleg Novitskiy strapped into the center seat, flanked on the left by European Space Agency flight engineer Thomas Pesquet and on the right by Peggy Whitson, making her third flight to the station. “The crew is feeling fine,” Novitskiy reported as the rocket accelerated toward space. Eight minutes and 45 seconds after launch, the Soyuz MS-03 spacecraft was released from the booster’s upper stage to fly on its own. Moments later, the ferry ship’s two solar arrays and antennas unfolded and locked in place as as the crew set off after the station. This is the third flight of an upgraded MS-series Soyuz, featuring improved communications, navigation and propulsion systems. As with the first two flights in July and October, the MS-03 crew will take two days to catch up with the space station, giving Russian engineers and flight controllers time to continue tests of the upgraded systems. But if all goes well, Novitskiy and Pesquet a former Air France pilot, will oversee an automated approach to the station Saturday, moving in for a docking at the Earth-facing Rassvet module around 5:01 p.m. The linkup will come 18 years to the day after launch of the Russian Zarya module, the station’s first component. “This was a perfect evening,” said NASA Administrator Charles Bolden. “When we talk about the journey to Mars and the way we’re bringing nations of the world together, this is the epitome of that. It’s a great night … getting three more crew members up there.” Standing by to welcome Novitskiy and his crewmates aboard will be Expedition 50 commander Shane Kimbrough, Soyuz MS-02 commander Sergey Ryzhikov and flight engineer Andrey Borisenko, who were launched to the station Oct. 19. They’ve had the lab to themselves since Oct. 30 when three other crew members — Soyuz MS-01 commander Anatoly Ivanishin, Japanese astronaut Takuya Onishi and NASA astronaut Kate Rubins departed and returned to Earth. Whitson, Novitskiy and Pesquet are seen through a quarantine glass Wednesday during a prelaunch press conference. Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls With the arrival of the MS-03 crew, the station’s crew will be back up to six, allowing a full slate of research. Whitson, 56, holds a doctorate in biochemistry. She is America’s most experienced female astronaut, veteran of two long-duration stays aboard the station in 2002 and 2007-08 totaling nearly 377 days aloft. She served as commander of the station during her second visit and was the first non-military pilot, and first female, to serve as chief of NASA’s astronaut office at the Johnson Space Center. During her third space flight, Whitson will set a new record for total time in space by a U.S. astronaut. On April 24, she will surpass the 534-day mark set in September by astronaut Jeff Williams. With a landing in mid May, her time aloft over three flights will total about 555 days, moving her up to ninth in the world. Like Whitson, Novitskiy is a veteran space station crew member, serving as a flight engineer during a 144-day visit in 2012-13. Pesquet, an aerospace engineer and veteran Air France pilot, is making his first flight. Before launch, Pesquet said flying with veterans like Novitskiy and Whitson was a definite bonus, joking that Whitson “built the space station by herself.” “It’s really a long process for me to learn from these two guys, and I think we’re in good shape now,” he said. “It’s going to be exciting.” During their stay aboard the station, the expanded crew will welcome a Russian Progress cargo ship on Dec. 3 and a Japanese HTV freighter on Dec. 13. The HTV will be carrying six state-of-the-art lithium-ion batteries that will replace 12 aging power packs in one set of the station’s solar arrays. The batteries will be installed during at least two spacewalks in January. Additional spacewalks are tentatively planned in the March-April timeframe to attach a short tunnel-like pressurized mating adapter to a port on the forward Harmony module that eventually will be used by commercial crew ships being built by Boeing and SpaceX. One such port already is attached to the front of the station. Along with routine research and spacewalk planning, the station crew also hopes to welcome two SpaceX Dragon cargo ships, one in January and one in March, along with a Progress supply craft in January and an Orbital ATK Cygnus cargo ship in February. SpaceX, however, is still recovering from a Sept. 1 launch pad explosion, and while the company hopes to resume launchings in December, it’s not yet clear when the Dragon cargo missions will actually fly. “Some of those fine details we don’t know yet,” Whitson said. “But we’re an adaptable crew, we’ll be able to do whatever it is they give us to do, and we’re looking forward to it. We have an incredible number of scientific investigations, some are already on board, some will be arriving while we’re up there, and we’ll be able to continue to conduct research no matter what the shuffle is.” Baikonur Cosmodrome European Space Agency Expedition 50 Expedition 51 Human Spaceflight International Space Station Oleg Novitskiy Peggy Whitson Roscosmos Russia Soyuz Soyuz MS-03 Thomas Pesquet Related Articles News Lost Philae lander found on comet September 5, 2016 Ariane 5 Europe’s satellite navigation fleet gets big boost from Ariane 5 rocket November 18, 2016 Mission Reports Soyuz lands in Kazakhstan, bringing three station crewmen back to Earth December 11, 2015 News Headlines Photos: Atlas 5 launches new weather observer November 20, 2016 Atlas 5 launches the most advanced U.S. weather satellite in history November 20, 2016 Video: GOES-R departs Earth atop Atlas 5 rocket November 20, 2016 Photos: Station crew suits up, blasts off on Soyuz rocket November 18, 2016 Live coverage: Atlas 5 countdown and launch journal November 18, 2016 Home News Launch Schedule Mission Reports Antares Ariane 5 Atlas 5 Delta 4 Falcon 9 H-2A Soyuz Space Station Subscribe Members Astronomy Now Store © 1999-2016 Spaceflight Now Inc.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. SpaceX looks to the skies to bring faster Internet USA TODAY 2 days ago Eli Blumenthal © NASA The SpaceX Dragon capsule seen after its arrival at the International Space Station on April 10, 2016, two days after its launch from Cape Canaveral. Elon Musk's space company, best known for its ambition to privatize space travel, has asked the Federal Communications Commission for approval of its plan to launch 4,425 satellites into orbit.  Popular Searches Kohl's Corp KSS ▲ 54.57 +0.06 +0.11% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 760.16 +3.76 +0.50% Lowe's Companies Inc LOW ▲ 69.31 +1.36 +2.00% Deutsche Bank AG DB ▼ 15.91 -0.18 -1.12% The goal of the satellites would be to provide Internet access for "residential, commercial, institutional, governmental and professional users" around the world, according to the FCC filings. The initial deployment would see the launch of 1,600 satellites. After 800 satellites are launched the company would turn on the service, which could cover the "contiguous United States, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands," say SpaceX's filings, submitted earlier this week. Once fully operational, the system would encompass "virtually all parts of the Earth’s surface and therefore, in principle, have the ability to provide ubiquitous global service," the filings say. The "constellation" of satellites would be 1,110-1,325 kilometers, or roughly 690-823 miles, above the earth. This would put them into low-earth orbit, similar to weather satellites and much closer to the earth than GPS satellites, which are approximately 20,200 km, or 12,550 miles, away. By operating closer to earth, the system could theoretically offer faster speeds that would rival, or even surpass, the cable and fiber optic broadband speeds available today. Once fully deployed, SpaceX says the system would be able to provide speeds of up to 1 gigabit per second.  In its latest "State of the Internet" report earlier this year, network provider Akamai Technologies found the average global Internet speed to be 6.1 megabits per second, exponentially slower than SpaceX's potential service.  SpaceX says the satellites weigh about 850 pounds and are roughly the size of a car. Each satellite will have an expected lifespan of 5-7 years, although no timeline was provided for when SpaceX would seek to launch the satellites. This satellite broadband project is part of Musk's $10 billion global broadband delivery plan, announced last year. Google and Fidelity have since invested a combined $1 billion, in part to help with the launch of the program according to The Washington Post. SpaceX is just the latest company looking at aerial means of expanding global high-speed Internet coverage. Google's parent company Alphabet has been exploring Internet delivery through drones and balloons while airplane maker Boeing has been pursuing a similar satellite-based delivery system utilizing around 1,400 satellites. OpenWeb, a group backed by Virgin Group founder Richard Branson and Qualcomm executive chairman Paul Jacobs, plans to launch its own, global high-speed satellite Internet service in 2018.  Follow Eli Blumenthal on Twitter @eliblumenthal Go to MSN Home More in Money 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Up Next The most dangerous states in America 24/7 Wall St. AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Thomas makes history by playing at age 55 USA TODAY College football's Week 12 winners and losers USA TODAY How Amway Coaches Poll top 25 fared in Week 12 USA TODAY Week 11 fantasy football chat: Sunday, noon ET USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Zur Suche gehen. Neuer Nutzer? Registrieren Anmelden Hilfe Download the new Yahoo Mail app Mail Yahoo Yahoo Deutschland Finanzen Suche Web-Suche Home Währungsrechner IBAN-Rechner Blogs Bildergalerien Videos Finanzlexikon RSS Jobsuche Währungsrechner Nachrichten Kurse & Märkte Home Devisen Aktien/Indizes Fonds Rohstoffe Meine Portfolios Melden Sie sich an, um Ihre Portfolios aufzurufen Finanztipps Home Steuern Versicherungen Recht Banken Verbrauchertipps Home Klüger kaufen Haus & Garten Karriere Home News Jobsuche Tipps Bewerbung Home Wirtschaft & Politik Unternehmen Börse Nach Themen Nach Aktienkursen suchen Tipp: Mehrere Kurse mit einem Komma (,) voneinander trennen. Weitere Informationen... So., 20. Nov 2016, 19:01 MEZ - Deutsche Märkte geschlossen Here's a super-quick guide to what traders are talking about right nowVon Akin Oyedele | Business Insider – Do., 17. Nov 2016 13:47 MEZ Freigeben 0 Twittern 0 Share0 Drucken (Thomson Reuters) Dave Lutz, the head of Exchange Traded Funds at JonesTrading, has a note on what traders are watching before the opening bell. In brief: US stock futures are higher after the Dow broke a seven-day winning streak on Wednesday. Futures on the Nasdaq, which is tech-heavy, continue to rebound following a post-election surge.  A speech by Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen will be released at 8 a.m. ET ahead of her congressional testimony at 10 a.m. At 8:30, data on housing starts, consumer-price inflation, initial jobless claims, and manufacturing in Philadelphia will be released.  Here's Lutz: Good Morning! US futures are up, with Nasdaq continuing to rebound, adding 30bp and the S&P adds 10bp as we await the Yellen (Speech released at 8am, Testimony at 10). Mixed bag over in Europe, as the DAX is off 20bp - Banks seeing profit-taking, and Energy stocks struggling to stay unchanged, while those “Yield Proxies” acting well, with Utes and telecom leading. In London, the FTSE is climbing 30bp as the Miners shrug off another Ore whack in China. Volumes are relatively muted, with most exchanges trading 20% light to trend. Over in Asia, a quiet night as Nikkei closed Unch - Aussie gained small – Shanghai added 20bp – with REITs and Property Developers acting well across the region. EM Asia closed mixed to red, and India continues to lose ground on recent Modi crackdown on “Black Money.”  US Yields are under some pressure, but climbing back towards unchanged as German Bunds start seeing some heavy selling. JGB’s tested and held 0% as the BOJ offered to buy “unlimited” amounts of 1-5Y bonds. The DXY retreating from 13Y highs as Fed Funds show a 94% Chance of a hike, with expectations ramping for multiple 2017 hikes - $/Y coming back from recent spike, while UK retail sales propelling Sterling and Euro acting better into ECB minutes today. A 3rd day of sharp Ore declines in China weighs on the Industrial Metals, while Gold and Silver recover 40bp from the recent drubbing. The Energy Complex is catching a bid as headers roll about OPEC, with WTI adding 1.5% and nearing yesterday’s peaks. Natty Gas remains under pressure into inventory data later today.  Ahead of us today, Yellen’s Speech is released at 8am – we get Housing Starts, CPI, and Philadelphia Fed Business Outlook at 8:30. At 10am all eyes on Yellen testifying to the Joint Economic Committee on Economy. At 10:30 we get that Natty Gas Inventory data. At 12:30 Fed's Brainard Speaks in New York, just before the 1pm “reopening” auction of $11B in 10Y TIPs. Down in Washington, the House to consider legislation that would bar sale of as many as 109 Boeing jetliners to Iran. NOW WATCH: The ‘Apple of China’ just unveiled a phone that’s more powerful and better looking than the iPhone More From Business Insider Here's a super-quick guide to what traders are talking about right now 10 things you need to know today Here's a super-quick guide to what traders are talking about right now TRADING PLATFORM Jetzt handeln Leistungsstarke Handelsplattform von einem Marktführer. Verluste können Ihre Einlagen übersteigen. … Mehr » Top News Deutsche-Bank-Großaktionäre halten an Chefkontrolleur festdpa VW baut weltweit 30 000 Stellen abdpa Anzeige  42 Prozent mehr Sprit: So massiv liegen Herstellerangaben danebenYahoo Finanzen Briten diskutieren über Johnsons «Prosecco-Beleidigung»dpa Zum IT-Gipfel starten Deutschlands erste «Smart Schools»dpa Personal finance Das ist der beste Tag, um krank zu feiern – und nicht erwischt zu werdenYahoo Finanzen Die interessantesten Discounter-Angebote der Woche (ab 17.11.2016)Yahoo Finanzen Anzeige  WISO: Warum billiges Fleisch lebensgefährlich sein kannYahoo Finanzen Vermögenswirksame Leistungen richtig nutzenYahoo Finanzen Krankfeiern, aber bitte richtig! Das sind die Rechte und Pflichte der ArbeitnehmerYahoo Finanzen Yahoo Finanzen Home Währungsrechner Nachrichten Kurse & Märkte Meine Portfolios Finanztipps Verbrauchertipps Karriere Yahoo Services Autos Clever Horoskop Kino Lifestyle Nachrichten omg! Reisen Spiele Sport TV Video Alle Yahoo Seiten » Hilfe / Vorschläge Datenschutz AGB Impressum Kurse werden bei Verfügbarkeit für NASDAQ, NYSE und NYSEAmex in Echtzeit angezeigt. Siehe auch Zeitverzögerungen für andere Börsen. Kurse und Informationen, die durch unabhängige Anbieter auf der Partnerseite von Yahoo! Finanzen bereitgestellt wurden. Die Kurse werden automatisch aktualisiert und nach 25 Minuten ohne Aktivität ausgeschaltet. Die Kurse werden mit einer Verspätung von mindestens 15 Minuten angezeigt. Alle Angaben sind ohne Gewähr, dienen lediglich der Information und sind nicht für Handelszwecke oder als Empfehlung gedacht. Weder Yahoo! noch einer der unabhängigen Anbieter können für Richtigkeit, Vollständigkeit oder Verspätungen sowie Handlungen, die durch die Nutzung der hier enthaltenen Informationen vorgenommen wurden, haftbar gemacht werden. Durch Ihren Besuch der Website von Yahoo! erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, die darauf enthaltenen Informationen nicht weiterzugeben. Fundamentale Firmendaten werden von Capital IQ bereitgestellt. Historische Chart-Daten und tägliche Aktualisierungen werden von Commodity Systems Inc. (CSI) bereitgestellt. Internationale historische Chart-Daten und tägliche Aktualisierungen werden von Morningstar, Inc. bereitgestellt. Yahoo! - News Network

The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBSNews.com - Breaking News Video US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Photos More Blogs Battleground The WH Web Shows 60 Overtime Face to Face Resources Mobile Radio Local In Depth CBS News Store By William Harwood CBS News November 16, 2016, 6:29 PM Soyuz prepped to carry three to space station The Soyuz MS-03/49S spacecraft was hauled to the pad at the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan earlier this week to prepare the ship for launch Thursday on a two-day flight to the International Space Station. In this shot, the “supermoon” is seen rising behind the pad. NASA Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email A veteran Russian cosmonaut, a rookie French flight engineer and a record-setting NASA astronaut making her third trip to the International Space Station are gearing up for launch Thursday aboard an upgraded Soyuz ferry craft, kicking off a two-day flight to the orbital lab complex. Soyuz MS-03/49S commander Oleg Novitskiy, strapped into the command module’s center seat, European Space Agency flight engineer Thomas Pesquet and Peggy Whitson, NASA’s most experienced female astronaut, are scheduled for take off from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan at 3:20:13 p.m. EST (GMT-5; 2:20 a.m. Friday local time). As with all missions to the space station, the launching is timed to coincide with the moment Earth’s rotation carries the pad into the plane of the lab’s orbit, a rendezvous requirement for spacecraft trying to match orbits with a target streaking through space at five miles per second. The Soyuz MS-03 spacecraft is the third in a series of upgraded ferry craft featuring improved propulsion, navigation and communications systems. As with the first two flights in July and October, Novitskiy’s crew will carry out a two-day rendezvous with the station to give Russian flight controllers more time to put the new systems through their paces. “We’re going to finish out the testing of the new Soyuz vehicle in real-time conditions,” Novitskiy said before launch. “We’re going to finish the testing of the radio control system, there have been some upgrades to the propulsion system, the navigation system has been upgraded and we’re going to finish the tests. I’m sure they will go great.” The Soyuz MS-03 crew (left to right): European Space Agency flight engineer Thomas Pesquet, Soyuz commander Oleg Novitskiy and NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson. NASA Whitson said she had hoped the first two MS-series flights would clear the way for resumption of shorter four-orbit rendezvous profiles because “two days on board the Soyuz isn’t as good as two days on board the space station.” But she said the additional testing will ensure the upgraded spacecraft is safe in all phases of flight. “Definitely, all the changes they’ve put in have improved the reliability of the vehicle,” she said. “That’s how the Russians do their progression -- it’s small steps changing out a few things at a time, making sure they work before they progress to the next level. “I think it’s a very reliable vehicle to begin with, and I think the changes they’ve put in will make it even more reliable.” If all goes well, Novitskiy will oversee an automated rendezvous and docking at the lab’s Russian Rassvet module, arriving at the Earth-facing port around 5:01 p.m. Saturday. Standing by to welcome them aboard will be Expedition 50 commander Shane Kimbrough, Sergey Ryzhikov and flight engineer Andrey Borisenko. They were launched to the station Oct. 19 aboard the Soyuz MS-02 spacecraft, joining Soyuz MS-01 commander Anatoly Ivanishin, Japanese astronaut Takuya Onishi and NASA biochemist Kate Rubins. Ivanishin and his crewmates returned to Earth on Oct. 30, leaving Kimbrough, Ryzhikov and Borisenko on their own. With the addition of Novitskiy, Pesquet and Whitson, the lab’s crew will be back up to its full complement of six, clearing the way for a full slate of research activity. Whitson, 56, holds a doctorate in biochemistry. She is America’s most experienced female astronaut, a veteran of two long-duration stays aboard the station in 2002 and 2007-08 totaling nearly 377 days aloft. She served as commander of the station during her second visit and was the first non-military pilot, and first female, to serve as chief of NASA’s astronaut office at the Johnson Space Center. During her third space flight, Whitson will set a new record for most time in space by a U.S. astronaut. On April 24, she will surpass the 534-day mark set in September by astronaut Jeff Williams. But it’s the science, not records, that holds Whitson’s attention. “One of the more interesting experiments for me, because of my background, is going to be looking at how stem cells grow and also potentially looking at how a bacteria grows and multiplies and how mutations occur and doing the genetic sequencing of those cells,” she said. “But we’re doing a large variety of different scientific experiments, including combustion, crystallization, animal biology, plant biology.” The Soyuz MS-03 spacecraft on the pad at the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. NASA She said earlier that she’s particularly looking forward to carrying out research to learn more about how the immune system works in the weightless environment of space to help pave the way for long-duration missions beyond low-Earth orbit. “We’re trying to understand why crew members sometimes have more rashes or more allergies than we do on the ground, and trying to improve how people live in space for long periods of time,” she said in an interview. “Obviously, we’ve been looking at bone loss for quite some time, and we’re continuing with that, trying to understand what is the minimum amount of exercise you can (safely) do.” Space station astronauts currently spend two hours a day exercising, using treadmills and resistive weight machines to keep in shape. Whitson said she will participate in tests of a new, smaller exercise device during her upcoming mission that may prove useful for astronauts on deep space missions who will be confined to smaller spacecraft. Another experiment of interest to Whitson, one that also could prove useful for deep space explorers, is one devoted to studying X-rays emitted by neutron stars, the collapsed high-gravity cores of massive stars that exploded in the distant past. Along with studying the basic physics of neutron stars, the experiment also will help engineers assess the possible use of such X-ray beacons as a sort of cosmic GPS navigation system. “A really neat side effect of that is they’re also doing a technology demonstration thing to develop a space navigation system using the X-rays,” Whitson said, “because they have a very continuous periodicity that allows them to potentially develop a space navigation system looking at neutron stars all around us throughout the galaxy. “And that could prove to be space navigation just like we have GPS satellites around the Earth. Once we leave Earth, we don’t have GPS any more. So this would be the next level of our GPS system, except it would be at a much bigger scale.” Like Whitson, Novitskiy is a veteran space station crew member, serving as a flight engineer during a 144-day visit in 2012-13. Pesquet, an aerospace engineer and veteran Air France pilot, is making his first flight. Soyuz commander Oleg Novitskiy and his daughter in Star City near Moscow. NASA Asked if he had any fear about riding into space on top of a rocket, Pesquet said: “If you’re not afraid, it doesn’t mean you’re brave, it means you’re crazy.” “Courage is all about realizing your fears and then trying to overcome them,” he said. “And it’s natural to be afraid. The day I climb on the rocket, I’ll be a little bit afraid, to be honest, because it IS scary. Courage is all about realizing that, and still going.” He said flying with veterans like Novitskiy and Whitson was a definite bonus, joking that Whitson “built the space station by herself.” “It’s really a long process for me to learn from these two guys, and I think we’re in good shape now,” he said. “It’s going to be exciting. I hope I haven’t forgotten anything in my suitcase for that big upcoming trip!” Novitskiy said he had no worries in that regard. “I think it’s great to have him as a left seater,” Novitskiy said, referring to the flight engineer’s position in the command module. “He works very fast, and he’s a real professional. He knows the systems very well, and the training has been going fantastically well, too. So I’m fully confident it will be just as great during the flight.” Whitson said all three crew members get along well and enjoy each other’s company. “It’s been really a great time training with these two guys, they’re both extremely professional, which I respect and admire, and that’s what I like having on the team, that professionalism,” she said. “But what’s really neat about them that makes them a little bit unique is that we really have a lot of fun together, too. Oleg has a great sense of humor and he’s willing to laugh at himself. And Thomas is the comedian of the team and entertains us quite well.” During their stay aboard the space station, Whitson and company will welcome a Russian Progress cargo ship on Dec. 3 and a Japanese HTV freighter on Dec. 13. The HTV is loaded with six state-of-the-art lithium-ion batteries that will replace 12 aging nickel-hydrogen batteries in one set of the station’s solar arrays. The batteries will be installed during at least two spacewalks in January. Whitson and Kimbrough are spacewalk veterans and both have trained for the battery swap out, as has Pesquet. NASA has not yet identified who will venture outside in January. Additional spacewalks are tentatively planned in the March-April timeframe to attach a short tunnel-like pressurized mating adapter to a port on the forward Harmony module that eventually will be used by commercial crew ships being built by Boeing and SpaceX. One such port already is attached to the front of the station. Along with routine research and spacewalk planning, the station crew also hopes to welcome two SpaceX Dragon cargo ships, one in January and one in March, along with a Progress supply craft in January and an Orbital ATK Cygnus cargo ship in February. SpaceX, however, is still recovering from a Sept. 1 launch pad explosion, and while the company hopes to resume launchings in December, it’s not yet clear when the Dragon cargo missions will actually fly. Peggy Whitson, floating in the Destiny lab module during an earlier stay aboard the International Space Station. Whitson will set a new U.S. record for most time in space next April. NASA “If everything goes and we get all the vehicles that are planned, we will have a very exciting and busy mission,” Whitson said. “I anticipate it’s going to be busy no matter what we end up having because the ground is great at finding things for us to work on depending on what’s available. “Some of those fine details we don’t know yet. But we’re an adaptable crew, we’ll be able to do whatever it is they give us to do, and we’re looking forward to it. We have an incredible number of scientific investigations, some are already on board, some will be arriving while we’re up there, and we’ll be able to continue to conduct research no matter what the shuffle is.” And along the way, Pesquet may provide a bit of entertainment. He hopes to carry up a saxophone. While he said he was out of practice and “not good at all,” he looks forward to finding a quiet corner and trying his hand again. “You never know. It could be really cool on a Sunday,” he told reporters. “I hope it won’t bother my crewmates, I’ll try to find the most isolated corner of space station so that in case I’m really not doing well at all it won’t be too much pain for you guys.” Said Whitson: “We’ll let you know whether or not he’s any good.” © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email William Harwood Bill Harwood has been covering the U.S. space program full-time since 1984, first as Cape Canaveral bureau chief for United Press International and now as a consultant for CBS News. He has covered more than 125 shuttle missions, every interplanetary flight since Voyager 2's flyby of Neptune, and scores of commercial and military launches. Based at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, Harwood is a devoted amateur astronomer and co-author of "Comm Check: The Final Flight of Shuttle Columbia." You can follow his frequent status updates at the CBS News Space page. Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular From 60 Minutes Stahl: Trump is "more subdued, more serious" President-elect Trump's business plans Donald Trump's message to protesters Donald Trump's first interview on 60 Minutes Magnus Carlsen defends his title as chess champion Play Video The Giving Kitchen: How a restaurant nourishes the soul Play Video Mother Noella, the "Cheese Nun" Play Video The sparkling Christie Brinkley Play Video Bite at the museum Play Video Mike Pence on "Hamilton" cast: "I wasn't offended" Previous Next 33 Photos "Fantastic Beasts" star Eddie Redmayne 150 Photos Notable deaths in 2016 22 Photos Anti-Trump protests enter second week 24 Photos President Obama's final tour of Europe 34 Photos Supermoon rising Previous Next Most Discussed Donald Trump demands apology from "very rude" "Hamilton" cast Trump transition: "stalled...scrambling...on pause" Mike Pence revamps Trump's transition team, purging lobbyists Trump offers Jeff Sessions attorney general post Trump team seeks top secret security clearances for Trump children New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
