Home Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business & Economy Business & Economy Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Jobs Media Search form Search The Middle East’s Leading English Language Daily Search form Search Last updated: 55 min 16 sec ago Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Editorial Letters Media Jobs Kourtney Kardashian’s new love interest is an Arab model Back on TV, Kimmel zings critics of his health care plea Summer is coming: Arabic version of ‘Game of Thrones’ set to air in Ramadan Maradona performs traditional UAE dance Turkey-Israel tensions mount over racism accusations Palestinians ‘ready to engage in dialogue with Israel’ EXCLUSIVE: Trump visit will reaffirm strong US-Saudi ties: US homeland security chief King Salman sends invites to top leaders for Arab, Islamic and US summit Recruitment of dentists from abroad halted ‘Roads of Arabia’ exhibition inaugurated in Seoul You are here Home Business & Economy Airbus looks to upgrades to counter Boeing’s new mid-market jet Business & Economy Airbus looks to upgrades to counter Boeing’s new mid-market jet /node/1097121/business-economy Airbus looks to upgrades to counter Boeing’s new mid-market jet Reuters | Published — Wednesday 10 May 2017 Airbus is likely to at least study the option of waiting for Boeing to show its hand in the middle of the market and then accelerating development of an all-new single-aisle family by 2030, depending on engine technology. (Reuters) PARIS: Europe’s Airbus is examining a series of step-by-step improvements to its A320neo family as it prepares to defend its main cash cow against Boeing’s plans to compete in a narrow part of the aircraft market between large and small jets. Weeks after delivering its first A321neo, upgraded with new engines, the company has already begun talking to suppliers about enhanced versions called A321neo-plus and, most recently, A321neo-plus-plus, people familiar with the matter said. The clunky working titles deliberately shed a little light on what changes are planned, but underscore Airbus’ preference for upgrades to existing designs rather than investing in a costly new project at this stage. After a series of major developments, planemakers are mainly focusing on gradual changes and conserving cash, helping to lift their shares. But Boeing is threatening to roll the dice one more time with an all-new plane in the middle of the market. Airbus’ so-called A321neo-plus-plus would be rolled out if Boeing does go ahead with plans for an all-new plane seating 220-260 passengers. It would involve a new carbon-composite wing to make the biggest Airbus single-aisle jet cheaper to fly. The 189-seat A321neo has been outselling existing Boeing models by four to one, hurting sales of the Boeing 737 family and replacing some of Boeing’s out-of-production 757s. Boeing hopes a new mid-market jet would not only recapture business served by the 757 but it would also address a wider gap between single-aisle jets that seat up to 200 people and twin-aisle jets that start at around 250 seats. Its new design offers the space of a twin-aisle jet in the cabin, sitting on top of a compact cargo area resembling that of a single-aisle jet to reduce drag and operating costs. Industry sources say it is expected to start offering the lightweight twin-aisle airplane to airlines next year and could launch it in 2019 for an entry into service in 2024 or 2025. Airbus has dismissed the threat of such a jet, saying any market gap is well covered by its A321neo, which can seat up to 240 people in high-density configurations. It says its own A310 several decades ago proved that twin-aisle jets could not easily compete in that part of the market. But internally it is working on a series of improvements to the A321neo to try to thwart Boeing’s grab for the middle of the market, where thousands of potential sales could be at stake. Three industry sources said the plans include an A321neo-plus-plus with a new wing. Analysts say such makeovers cost $1-$2 billion against $15 billion for a new jet. Two sources suggested Airbus could also fine-tune its smallest twin-aisle jet, the A330, in a pincer movement against the Boeing model. One industry strategist said Airbus would at least study the option of waiting for Boeing to show its hand in the middle of the market and then accelerating development of an all-new single-aisle family by 2030, depending on engine technology. “How both companies behave now may set their course for the next 10-15 years,” he said, asking not to be named. Airbus declined to comment. As an interim tactical move, Boeing is gearing up to add a larger model to its single-aisle 737 family by launching a 190-230-seat 737-10 version at the Paris Airshow in June. The project took a step forward when Boeing solved a tricky problem regarding the design of the 737-10’s landing gear, which needs to be larger than before but fold into the same space. In an interview with Aviation Week, a senior Boeing executive confirmed the breakthrough, first reported by Reuters. PARIS: Europe’s Airbus is examining a series of step-by-step improvements to its A320neo family as it prepares to defend its main cash cow against Boeing’s plans to compete in a narrow part of the aircraft market between large and small jets. Weeks after delivering its first A321neo, upgraded with new engines, the company has already begun talking to suppliers about enhanced versions called A321neo-plus and, most recently, A321neo-plus-plus, people familiar with the matter said. The clunky working titles deliberately shed a little light on what changes are planned, but underscore Airbus’ preference for upgrades to existing designs rather than investing in a costly new project at this stage. After a series of major developments, planemakers are mainly focusing on gradual changes and conserving cash, helping to lift their shares. But Boeing is threatening to roll the dice one more time with an all-new plane in the middle of the market. Airbus’ so-called A321neo-plus-plus would be rolled out if Boeing does go ahead with plans for an all-new plane seating 220-260 passengers. It would involve a new carbon-composite wing to make the biggest Airbus single-aisle jet cheaper to fly. The 189-seat A321neo has been outselling existing Boeing models by four to one, hurting sales of the Boeing 737 family and replacing some of Boeing’s out-of-production 757s. Boeing hopes a new mid-market jet would not only recapture business served by the 757 but it would also address a wider gap between single-aisle jets that seat up to 200 people and twin-aisle jets that start at around 250 seats. Its new design offers the space of a twin-aisle jet in the cabin, sitting on top of a compact cargo area resembling that of a single-aisle jet to reduce drag and operating costs. Industry sources say it is expected to start offering the lightweight twin-aisle airplane to airlines next year and could launch it in 2019 for an entry into service in 2024 or 2025. Airbus has dismissed the threat of such a jet, saying any market gap is well covered by its A321neo, which can seat up to 240 people in high-density configurations. It says its own A310 several decades ago proved that twin-aisle jets could not easily compete in that part of the market. But internally it is working on a series of improvements to the A321neo to try to thwart Boeing’s grab for the middle of the market, where thousands of potential sales could be at stake. Three industry sources said the plans include an A321neo-plus-plus with a new wing. Analysts say such makeovers cost $1-$2 billion against $15 billion for a new jet. Two sources suggested Airbus could also fine-tune its smallest twin-aisle jet, the A330, in a pincer movement against the Boeing model. One industry strategist said Airbus would at least study the option of waiting for Boeing to show its hand in the middle of the market and then accelerating development of an all-new single-aisle family by 2030, depending on engine technology. “How both companies behave now may set their course for the next 10-15 years,” he said, asking not to be named. Airbus declined to comment. As an interim tactical move, Boeing is gearing up to add a larger model to its single-aisle 737 family by launching a 190-230-seat 737-10 version at the Paris Airshow in June. The project took a step forward when Boeing solved a tricky problem regarding the design of the 737-10’s landing gear, which needs to be larger than before but fold into the same space. In an interview with Aviation Week, a senior Boeing executive confirmed the breakthrough, first reported by Reuters. Comments View the discussion thread. MORE FROM Business & Economy Oil buckles as concern grows over battle of OPEC vs. shale LONDON: Oil prices fell on Tuesday, surrendering earlier gains, rattled by concern over slowing... Gold falls to its lowest since mid-March LONDON: Gold fell on Tuesday to its lowest since mid-March as the election of centrist Emmanuel... Saudi stocks get boost from Jarir’s 1Q results Turkish trade with GCC below potential, says Erdogan Hedge funds turn bearish on oil and refined fuels Airbus looks to upgrades to counter Boeing’s new mid-market jet Load more Oil buckles as concern grows over battle of OPEC vs. shale Gold falls to its lowest since mid-March Saudi stocks get boost from Jarir’s 1Q results Turkish trade with GCC below potential, says Erdogan Hedge funds turn bearish on oil and refined fuels Airbus looks to upgrades to counter Boeing’s new mid-market jet Latest News Kourtney Kardashian’s new love interest is an Arab model 118 views Back on TV, Kimmel zings critics of his health care plea 67 views Summer is coming: Arabic version of ‘Game of Thrones’ set to air in Ramadan 43 views Maradona performs traditional UAE dance 33 views Turkey-Israel tensions mount over racism accusations 297 views Palestinians ‘ready to engage in dialogue with Israel’ 173 views Opinion — Baker Atyani — Abu Rami and the three states — Osama Al-Sharif — Hamas must do more to become politically relevant — Yossi Mekelberg — ‘Maybe it’s not as difficult as people have thought’ — Nouriel Roubini — Whistling past the geopolitical graveyard — Mohammed Nosseir — Egypt’s media dilemma — Frank Kane — Top financiers hear the Saudi economic ‘train’ approaching More in Opinion MOST POPULAR Day Week Month Most Read Shared Saudi Shoura approves study on reduction of time between calls to prayer 1418 views Passenger arrested after causing panic on Flynas plane bound for Cairo 1020 views Gold falls to its lowest since mid-March 908 views Recruitment of dentists from abroad halted 573 views King Salman sends invites to top leaders for Arab, Islamic and US summit 434 views Turkey-Israel tensions mount over racism accusations 312 views Most Read Shared Eyebrows raised as Saudi father names newborn after US first daughter 53191 views Saudi women no longer need guardians’ consent to receive services 44874 views 4 Al-Rajhi properties auctioned for $172m 17705 views Saudi deflation continues for third consecutive month: Report 13609 views Indian student made to remove bra over exam cheat fears 9585 views Lifting the veil on fake news about Saudi TV ‘censoring’ Merkel’s hair 9368 views Most Read Shared One person burns to death after horrific oil tanker accident on Makkah-Jeddah highway 56390 views Eyebrows raised as Saudi father names newborn after US first daughter 53191 views Saudi Royal decree announces new appointments, restores benefits to government employees 51570 views Saudi green card is ‘for investors and scientifically skilled’ 49804 views Saudi women no longer need guardians’ consent to receive services 44874 views Indonesian Qur’an reciter dies live on-air 39711 views Contact Us About Arab news Advertise Privacy & Terms of Service © 2017 SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY, All Rights Reserved And subject to Terms of Use Agreement.
Airbus is shopping a new jet to compete with Boeing's future air - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts National Car and Truck Care Month Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Airbus is shopping a new jet to compete with Boeing's future airliner Posted: Tuesday, May 9, 2017 5:05 PM EDT Updated: Tuesday, May 9, 2017 5:37 PM EDT Airbus delivered the first A321neo to Virgin America in April. It's flies passengers for the first time later in May. By Jon Ostrower SEATTLE (CNNMoney) -- Boeing thinks it has gotten a step up in its decades-long rivalry with Airbus. But Airbus, the European aerospace giant, has other ideas. Airbus is talking to airlines about possibly upgrading its popular single-aisle airliner, even before Boeing's plans for a competing plane have gotten off the drawing board. Neither company has any orders for the new jets -- those could be years away. The industry keeps a close eye on what the two giants are doing behind the scenes as they formulate their plans. Boeing is considering a new small twin-aisle jet that it would deliver by 2025. It would be called the 797. And Airbus is looking to counter with major upgrades to its biggest single-aisle A321neo jet, according to four people familiar with Airbus' plans. The two companies are fighting to win the business of airlines that want an inexpensive midsize airliner that can seat between 225 and 265 people and fly up to 5,000 nautical miles, or eight to ten hours. Such a design could hold the key for low-cost airlines to take their flying global. Planes like that aren't as sexy as a 600-passenger superjumbo A380 or a Dreamliner. But Boeing and Airbus think those kind of aircraft will account for a significant part of the market for decades to come. The upgraded Airbus would have new wings, the same advanced engines as the 797, and a longer cabin than its A321neo. It would seat more than 240 and be able to fly longer distances than the current A321neo. Airbus has cut into Boeing's market share with the A321neo. Boeing wants to reverse the trend. Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenburg said last month the company is still assembling its business case for developing a new 797, which analysts say could reach $15 billion. For Airbus, upgrading the A321neo would cost billions less than Boeing might spend on its new plane. That means Airbus would be able to undercut Boeing on price. The key to the next move by Airbus is a breakthrough in manufacturing. The new wings would be made from lightweight carbon fiber. But Airbus wants to simplify the process, nixing slow and expensive high-pressure ovens called autoclaves. Airbus is closely watching Russia for clues, where the country is developing its own western competitor with advanced manufacturing. "We constantly look at our options," said Stefan Schaffrath a spokesman for Airbus. Details of Airbus's plans were first reported by Reuters. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Airbus is shopping a new jet to compete with Boeing’s future airliner Airbus is shopping a new jet to compete with Boeing’s future airliner Posted on Tuesday, May 9, 2017 by CNN in Business News Boeing thinks it has gotten a step up in its decades-long rivalry with Airbus. But Airbus, the European aerospace giant, has other ideas. Airbus is talking to airlines about possibly upgrading its popular single-aisle airliner, even before Boeing’s plans for a competing plane have gotten off the drawing board. Neither company has any orders for the new jets — those could be years away. The industry keeps a close eye on what the two giants are doing behind the scenes as they formulate their plans. Boeing is considering a new small twin-aisle jet that it would deliver by 2025. It would be called the 797. And Airbus is looking to counter with major upgrades to its biggest single-aisle A321neo jet, according to four people familiar with Airbus’ plans. The two companies are fighting to win the business of airlines that want an inexpensive midsize airliner that can seat between 225 and 265 people and fly up to 5,000 nautical miles, or eight to ten hours. Such a design could hold the key for low-cost airlines to take their flying global. Planes like that aren’t as sexy as a 600-passenger superjumbo A380 or a Dreamliner. But Boeing and Airbus think those kind of aircraft will account for a significant part of the market for decades to come. The upgraded Airbus would have new wings, the same advanced engines as the 797, and a longer cabin than its A321neo. It would seat more than 240 and be able to fly longer distances than the current A321neo. Airbus has cut into Boeing’s market share with the A321neo. Boeing wants to reverse the trend. Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenburg said last month the company is still assembling its business case for developing a new 797, which analysts say could reach $15 billion. For Airbus, upgrading the A321neo would cost billions less than Boeing might spend on its new plane. That means Airbus would be able to undercut Boeing on price. The key to the next move by Airbus is a breakthrough in manufacturing. The new wings would be made from lightweight carbon fiber. But Airbus wants to simplify the process, nixing slow and expensive high-pressure ovens called autoclaves. Airbus is closely watching Russia for clues, where the country is developing its own western competitor with advanced manufacturing. “We constantly look at our options,” said Stefan Schaffrath a spokesman for Airbus. Details of Airbus’s plans were first reported by Reuters. Yelp stock crashes 30% after earnings SEC employee illegally traded for himself, mom and friend Related Posts NFL’s domestic violence Super Bowl spot: ‘It’s up to us to listen’ Elizabeth Warren to Trump’s $285 million Goldman Sachs man: Recuse yourself Warren wins: Banker drops out of Treasury job nomination Google fights to win back advertisers Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      Unfiltered Opinion      Michael Dell’s Dell EMC World Keynote: Realize Related Content Topic :  A Big Market for Big Data Jobs  If you think there isn’t a connection between home improvement and Big Data, reconsider, because Big Data is becoming a part of just about every major industry. Blog :  Former HP Talent Chief: ‘The Culture of HP Was Not an Inclusive Culture’ Article :  Cybersecurity Ventures Top 50 Security Companies to Watch Michael Dell’s Dell EMC World Keynote: Realize Rob Enderle |   Unfiltered Opinion   |   Posted 09 May, 2017          |         |     Share This is the first truly combined event between Dell and EMC since the merger and one thing hits you right off. A ton of people are at this thing. This is scary rock concert big and you get a sense of scale that, currently, no other firm can match. Dell reaches from gaming PCs to hyperconverged systems, it leads in a whopping 15 Gartner Magic quadrants and, depending on segment, it’s in between 70 percent and 100 percent of virtually any grouping of customer companies. Let me break down some of the elements of this talk. Setting the Stage Dell sets the stage by talking about what makes Dell EMC different. It is a blend of the scale and scope of the company, combined with the unique fact that it is private which, Michael Dell argues, results in the only technology of scale that is agile. He is pointing out again that going public creates a massive drag on a firm’s ability to change with the market or customer needs. I’m still surprised that Dell pretty much stands alone in this, even though it is clear that most other firms of scale are struggling with their “activist” investors, which are mostly hedge funds that want to kill the firm in order to spike the stock. Boeing It is really important in keynotes at this scale that they are about the customers and not just about the capabilities and products of the vendor. Boeing was first up. Arguably the most powerful aerospace company in the world, it has a scope that nearly encompasses the entire breadth of Dell’s products and services. It is a 20-year relationship and Boeing testified that this relationship was critical to its success. One of the critical products that Boeing is using is apparently Pivotal Cloud Foundry, effectively helping transform Boeing into a more software-centric company so Boeing can move more quickly. Sony Sony was used to showcase specifically how Dell EMC was helping the firm transform movie creation. Movies today are packed with technology; rendered scenes define movies like the new Spiderman movie and render farms often are both the problem and solution to getting movies out in a timely manner. Sony attested that Dell was critical to its ability to get these movies to market quickly. Jaguar/Land Rover I’m a Jaguar driver, I have two of them, and I’ve signed up to buy the new iPace, the all-electric car, which was designed using Dell EMC’s tools and launched using VR with Dell’s technologies. I was at the launch and it was an impressive way to give an audience the feeling of being in a car that didn’t really exist in final form yet. Apparently, there are Jaguars on the show floor, which I’ll have to check out later. Securing the Infrastructure One of the biggest concerns that surrounds IT today is security. Dell has one of the broadest tool sets, thanks to the merger, including VMware, RSA, SecureWorks, Mozy and other offerings. This provides a layered approach to security that, in terms of depth and breadth, also appears unmatched. Chief Customer Officer Karen Quintos Karen Quintos is the most powerful woman at Dell EMC as the chief customer officer, and she is in charge of assuring customer loyalty. She spoke to a firm that is working on Transitional Genomics with Dell to personalize health care. Currently, it is focused on a very specialized area of pediatric cancer research, neuroblastoma. They are apparently now broadening the research into Alzheimer’s disease. Another effort that Dell EMC is working on is to intercept the plastic that is currently going into oceans and repurposing it for manufacturing PCs, and it is using this as a template for what other companies can do to protect the oceans (current projections indicate there will be more plastic bottles in the ocean than fish by 2050). David Blaine David Blaine, the magician, got on stage and first worked with Michael Dell and then with members of the audience with some sleight of hand tricks. The issue that he was there to correct is the tendency for an audience to start doing email and disengaging during a talk like this. I will say this: When the guy put the ice pick through his hand, all eyes were back on stage and email generation dropped off a cliff. It was interesting that the presentation used a Dell rack-mounted server as the table on which the tricks were done. Dell EMC President David Goulden David Goulden, Dell EMC president, is the guy who effectively runs the tightly merged parts of Dell EMC and he was solidly on the digital transformation business. He suggested three steps: First modernize, then automate, and finally transform IT operations. Apparently, Dell just finished a large survey that indicated that firms that have completed this process have freed up 33 percent of their budget and are now executing at a speed where they are regularly exceeding delivery expectations for new applications. They are better, faster and cheaper than they were before. Goulden then went through the series of critical announcements from Dell EMC. Diane Bryant Intel’s data center leader, Diane Bryant, went on stage to speak about Dell EMC’s and Intel’s close relationship with regard to the new 14G servers coming to market (far faster, far more automated than prior generations). Bryant was one of the most powerful women at Intel and folks were surprised at the recent announcement that she would be stepping out of the company. It was nice to see her on stage. These servers have massive increases in flash and GPU density, which is how they get to their vastly higher performance numbers. Wrapping Up: Keynotes are about setting the tone for a conference. An interesting difference with this one was the massive breadth as they even mentioned Alienware on stage. It really provided a sense of just how broad Dell has become. In addition, the break in the middle was unique. This idea of getting eyeballs back on stage was effective, I think. These things can get a bit dry and I’ve never really understood, given that many of these things are in Las Vegas, why entertainment isn’t used more often to bring the eyes back on stage. Finally, the efforts that Dell is making to address illnesses that affect both ends of the human age range and help drive efforts to remove plastics from the ocean were compelling, because they did good and because they showcased unique Dell EMC advantages. Apparently, I will have a very full three days here. Rob Enderle is President and Principal Analyst of the Enderle Group, a forward-looking emerging technology advisory firm.  With over 30 years’ experience in emerging technologies, he has provided regional and global companies with guidance in how to better target customer needs; create new business opportunities; anticipate technology changes; select vendors and products; and present their products in the best possible light. Rob covers the technology industry broadly. Before founding the Enderle Group, Rob was the Senior Research Fellow for Forrester Research and the Giga Information Group, and held senior positions at IBM and ROLM. Follow Rob on Twitter @enderle, on Facebook and on Google+   Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE            |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Boeing Approves TRIM® MicroSol® 590XT for Aerospace Manufacturing TRIM® MicroSol® 590XT – Milling TRIM® MicroSol® 590XT has received Boeing process spec number BAC5440 approval for area 2, which includes machining heat-treated steels MicroSol 590XT meets the demands of specific aerospace customers. The expanding Boeing area approvals allows Boeing and its subcontractors to utilize MicroSol 590XT in many manufacturing operations.” — Director of Global Aerospace Strategic Business Unit, Monte Dhatt PERRYSBURG, OHIO, UNITED STATES, May 9, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Master Fluid Solutions is pleased to report that TRIM® MicroSol® 590XT, an advanced-technology, aerospace, semisynthetic microemulsion, in addition to being qualified for areas 5 and 6 of the Boeing process spec BAC5008, is now also qualified for use in area 2. The approval for Boeing usage area 2 includes machining heat treated steels as described in BAC5008 and BAC5440. Boeing usage area 5 approval includes machining of non-sealant and non-paint parts not described in BAC5008 specification areas 1 through 4, while area 6 includes machining, grinding, or cutting detail parts and assemblies made of titanium alloys. MicroSol 590XT approval can be found in Boeing document PSD 6-137. Heat-treated steels, titanium, and titanium alloys are commonly used in the aerospace industry, including Boeing and their subcontractors. These approvals allow Boeing and their subcontractors to use MicroSol 590XT to machine these high-tech aerospace alloys to make parts for all space and aircraft including the 737, 767, 777, and 787 families of airplanes. “MicroSol 590XT not only meets the demands of specific aerospace customers, but it is also environmentally and regulatory compliant for the foreseeable future. The expanding Boeing area approvals allows Boeing and its subcontractors to utilize MicroSol 590XT in many more manufacturing operations.” stated Master Fluid Solutions’ Director of Global Aerospace Strategic Business Unit, Monte Dhatt. MicroSol 590XT improves on the proven performance of previous generations with a robust stability package using environmentally safe ingredients. The formula is a favorite of production mangers, environmental advocates, and safety professionals. MicroSol 590XT is free of chlorine, triazine, formaldehyde releasers, phenols, boron, DCHA, and secondary amines. It dramatically extends useful life without the need for tank-side biocides or fungicides. MicroSol 590XT provides superior corrosion inhibition on all ferrous and nonferrous metals and keeps parts and machines very clean to reduce maintenance and production time. MicroSol 590XT is low foaming for todays demanding high-pressure, high-volume applications and it provides an optimized combination of cooling and lubricity to titanium, aluminum, steel, stainless steel, and Inconel® machining applications. About Boeing Boeing is the world’s leading aerospace company and the largest manufacturer of commercial jetliners and military aircraft combined. Additionally, Boeing designs and manufactures rotorcraft, electronic and defense systems, missiles, satellites, launch vehicles, and advanced information and communication systems. As a major service provider to NASA, Boeing operates the Space Shuttle and International Space Station. The company also provides numerous military and commercial airline support services. Boeing has customers in more than 90 countries around the world and is one of the largest U.S. exporters in terms of sales. About Master Fluid Solutions — November 13, 1951 Master Chemical Corporation is founded. April 12, 2017 Master Chemical changes its name to Master Fluid Solutions. Working closely with the worldwide metalworking community, Master Fluid Solutions develops and markets a full line of specialty cutting and grinding fluids, cutting oils, concentrated washing and cleaning compounds, and rust preventives under the TRIM® and Master STAGES™ brand trademarks. These products are environmentally sound and when used in conjunction with Master Fluid Solutions’ XYBEX® fluid management systems, are the most durable and stable fluid products available anywhere today. Master Fluid Solutions is committed to the safety of the people who use our products, the protection of our planet, and the overall impact on our customers’ profitability. Master Fluid Solutions serves customers globally. For further information, contact a local distributor, who can be found at http://www.2trim.us/distributors.php, call +1 800-537-3365, or visit http://www.masterfluidsolutions.com. Photo: TRIM® MicroSol® 590XT – Milling, http://pdocs.masterchemical.com/mcc/docs/db-i/app1024-T/MicroSol-590XT-milling.jpg ### Mark W. Scherer Master Fluid Solutions +1 419-931-6312 email us here TRIM® MicroSol® 590XT [embedded content] CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Amer Sports Oyj: OMIEN OSAKKEIDEN HANKINTA 9.5.2017 Next PostNext AMER SPORTS CORPORATION: SHARE REPURCHASE 9.5.2017 Search Recent Posts Empowering Local Citizens in Lao PDR for Better Development Global Automotive Electric Power Steering Systems Market 2017 Share, Growth, Key Manufacturers Analysis and Regional Forecast Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson, former NMSU Regent Laree Perez to receive honorary degrees Sales Data Analysis: Global BioControl Agents Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Investigation for investors who purchased shares of Avinger Inc (NASDAQ:AVGR) announced RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Hot Topics DIS YELP Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Nvidia jumps by double digits on stellar Q1 report >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Trading > Trading Advice > Trade Boeing Co (BA) Stock With Highflying Confidence BA stock is threatening to fly over previous resistance. This trade should keep your risk grounded, but not your profits. May 9, 2017, 10:09 am EDT  |  By John Kmiecik, InvestorPlace Contributor     Stocks like Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) have grabbed headlines with their post-earnings moves, but another lesser-ballyhooed stock looks interesting from an options perspective: Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Source: Wikimedia There are two criteria that make Boeing an interesting candidate to me for an options trade. The first is the three-month chart, which is just below. BA stock rallied up past $185 at the beginning of March but was not able to close above that level until now. Boeing closed above that level consecutively on Friday and Monday. This may signal a potential move higher but of nothing else, this previous pivot level may now be potential support. As you will see below, this trade can profit if the stock cooperates and stays above certain levels. The more potential support the better! Click to Enlarge Secondly, this trade idea involves selling option premium. You have probably heard the saying in trading buy low and sell high. This applies to BA options now because the current implied volatility (IV) of the options are above historical levels. Based on movements in Boeing’s stock, the options are priced above the volatility. In other words, options might be priced for more than they should be. One could also make the case for BA stock to continue to move higher based on when last week President Trump said he wants to boost the F-18 fighter and allotted over $1 billion for new planes. But this trade idea will last less than two weeks, so the option premiums and potential support is more critical in my opinion. How to Trade BA Stock The Trade: Sell the May $182.5 put and buy the May $180 put call for a credit of $0.50 or more. The Strategy: The maximum potential profit for this trade is 50 cents if BA stock is trading at or above $182.50 at May expiration. Both put options would expire worthless. The maximum loss is $2.00 (2.50 – 0.50). This would occur if BA is trading at or below $180 at May expiration. Breakeven is $182.00 at expiration based on a credit of $0.50. Boeing stock goes ex-dividend on the 10th of this month. Whether this is bullish for the stock remains to be seen. But if we look at this trade idea strictly from an edge perspective, you might like it even more. At the time of this writing, the May $182.50 put had a delta of 0.28. Remember maximum profit is earned at $182.50 or higher at expiration. Keeping it simple, option delta is the rate of change of the option based on a dollar movement in the underlying. If an option had a positive 0.60 delta and stock moved a dollar higher, the premium should increase 60 cents based on the delta alone. Option traders love to use delta as a percentage of expiring in-the-money (ITM). So in this case, the short option had a delta of 0.28, so it has a 28% chance of expiring ITM and a 72% chance of not. The goal of this trade is to buy back the spread for less money or have the options expire worthless. A 72% chance may be worth the risk. Good luck! John Kmiecik is the head options instructor for Market Taker Mentoring, and co-author of the eBook 3 Secrets to Making Money in Any Market. Get your complimentary copy of his option trading eBook here. He can be reached at john@markettaker.com. As of this writing, he did not own a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/trade-boeing-co-ba-stock-with-highflying-confidence/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Buy Now for BIG Summer Outperformance Yelp Torched by 28% on Horrific Earnings 5 Top Dividend Stocks Across the Globe 2 Fast Food Stocks to Buy, and 2 to Avoid 3 Airline Stocks Making a Powerful Upside Breakout Facebook Is Losing a War With Itself ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks Walt Disney Co (DIS) Stock Sunk by ESPN AGAIN 7 Stocks to Buy Now for BIG Summer Outperformance 5 Top Dividend Stocks From Across the Globe 2 Fast Food Stocks to Buy, and 2 to Avoid 3 Airline Stocks Making a Powerful Upside Breakout Most Popular 10 Hot Stocks to Sell Before They Hit the Wall The 10 Best Growth Stocks You Can Buy Right Now 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Is a Great Buy … If You Wait 3 Bank Stocks That Can Bank You Free Profits 10 Simply Safe Dividend Stocks to Buy for Retirement Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snap beat expectations in its first quarterly report? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS Made-in-China passenger jet set to take wing By Albee ZHANG Shanghai (AFP) May 3, 2017 China is expected this week to conduct the maiden test flight of a home-grown passenger jet built to meet soaring domestic travel demand and challenge the dominance of Boeing and Airbus. The C919, built by state-owned aerospace manufacturer Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC), was set to take wing over Shanghai on Friday, the company said on Wednesday, according to the official Xinhua news agency. "If weather conditions are not suitable, the maiden flight will be rescheduled," COMAC said, adding that engineers had completed some 118 tests. The narrow-body jet represents nearly a decade of effort in a state-mandated drive to reduce dependence on European consortium Airbus and US aerospace giant Boeing. "The first flight itself is not a huge deal. (But) of course, it's going to be a hugely symbolic moment in the evolution of China's aviation industry," said Greg Waldron, Asia managing editor at industry publication Flightglobal. The C919 is the country's first big passenger plane and the latest sign of growing Chinese ambition and technical skill, coming one week after China launched its first domestically made aircraft carrier and docked a cargo spacecraft with an orbiting space lab. The C919 can seat 168 passengers and has a range of 5,555 kilometres (3,444 miles). - Long way to go - China is a huge battleground for Boeing and Airbus, with its travellers taking to the skies in ever-growing numbers. The Chinese travel market is expected to surpass the United States by 2024, according to the International Air Transport Association. Airbus has estimated Chinese airlines will need nearly 6,000 new planes over the next two decades, while Boeing foresees 6,800 aircraft. Both put the combined price tags for those planes at around $1 trillion. But aviation analysts said Shanghai-based COMAC has a long journey ahead before it can challenge the lock on the market by Boeing and Airbus. "This is an important milestone for China with this new aircraft. But for it to move to the next stage, which is to sell this product, is not going to be so easy," said Shukor Yusof, an analyst with Malaysia-based aviation consultancy Endau Analytics. But COMAC may be able to rely on purchases by fast-growing Chinese airlines. It had already received 570 orders by the end of last year, almost all from domestic airlines. Waldron agreed it would take time but said that over the next century China would become a world aviation player. "You are going to have three big companies. You will have Boeing, you will have Airbus, and you will have COMAC," he said. China has dreamed of building its own civil aircraft since the 1970s, when it began work on the narrow-body Y-10, which was eventually deemed unviable and never entered service. COMAC's first regional jet, the 90-seat ARJ 21, entered service in 2016, several years late. - Long-haul ambition - The ARJ 21 is currently restricted to flying domestic routes as it still lacks the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) certification that would allow it to fly US skies. China also has been in talks with the FAA to obtain certification for the C919, without result. The C919's first test flight had been due to take place in 2016 but was delayed. Besides the C919, China is also working with Russia to develop a long-haul wide-bodied jet called the C929. Although the C919 is made in China, foreign firms are playing key roles by supplying systems as well as the engines, which are made by CFM International, a joint venture between General Electric of the US and France's Safran. During a visit to COMAC in 2014, President Xi Jinping expressed concern that not having a homegrown plane left China at the mercy of foreign industrial groups. China last August launched a new multi-billion dollar jet-engine conglomerate with nearly 100,000 employees, with the hope of powering its own planes with self-made engines. After the C919's first flight, it will need to pass tests to obtain Chinese airworthiness certification before it can be sold. Tweet Department of Defense awards contract for 240 F-35 Lightning II planes Washington (UPI) May 1, 2017 Lockheed Martin has received a $1.377 billion contract for low-rate initial production of 130 Lot 12 F-35 Lightning II fighter planes. The contract includes parts, maintenance, and other services for the program, the Department of Defense announced. In addition the Lot 12 F-35 production for the Air Force, Navy, Marine Corp and other non-Department of Defense and foreign customers, the ... read more Related Links Aerospace News at SpaceMart.com Thanks for being here; We need your help. The SpaceDaily news network continues to grow but revenues have never been harder to maintain. With the rise of Ad Blockers, and Facebook - our traditional revenue sources via quality network advertising continues to decline. And unlike so many other news sites, we don't have a paywall - with those annoying usernames and passwords. Our news coverage takes time and effort to publish 365 days a year. If you find our news sites informative and useful then please consider becoming a regular supporter or for now make a one off contribution. SpaceDaily Contributor $5 Billed Once credit card or paypal SpaceDaily Monthly Supporter $5 Billed Monthly paypal only Comment using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google NASA Receives Proposals for Future Solar System Mission 'Road to Nowhere': Retired Cosmonaut Reveals How It Feels to Walk in Space Orion Motor Ready for Crewed Mission Students Taste Sweet Smell of Success in Culinary Challenge Reaction Engines begins construction of UK rocket engine test facility GSLV Successfully Launches South Asia Satellite ISRO Successfully Launches GSAT-9 'SAARC' South Asian Communication Satellite Arianespace orbits telecom satellites for Brazil and South Korea Japan aims to uncover how moons of Mars formed NASA Rover Curiosity Samples Active Linear Dune on Mars Seasonal Flows in Valles Marineris Is Anything Tough Enough to Survive on Mars China to conduct several manned space flights around 2020 Reach for the Stars: China Plans to Ramp Up Space Flight Activity China's cargo spacecraft completes in-orbit refueling China courts international coalition set up to promote space cooperation Allied Minds' portfolio company BridgeSat raises $6 million in Series A financing Blue Sky Network Targets Key Markets For Iridium SATCOM Solutions How Outsourcing Your Satellite Related Services Saves You Time and Money ViaSat-2 Satellite to Launch on June 1 Why space dust emits radio waves upon crashing into a spacecraft NASA Seeks 'FabLab' Concepts for In-Space Manufacturing NASA Awards $100,000 in First Printing Stage of 3D-Printed Habitat Challenge Shape-changing fog screen invented SOFIA Confirms Nearby Planetary System Is Similar to Our Own Research Center A Hub For Origins of Life Studies Nearby Star Confirmed as Good Model of Our Early Solar System Next Breakthroughs in Exoplanet Discovery Not So Great Anymore: Jupiter's Red Spot Shrinks to Smallest Size Ever The PI's Perspective: No Sleeping Back on Earth! ALMA investigates 'DeeDee,' a distant, dim member of our solar system Nap Time for New Horizons Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. All articles labeled "by Staff Writers" include reports supplied to Space Media Network by industry news wires, PR agencies, corporate press officers and the like. Such articles are individually curated and edited by Space Media Network staff on the basis of the report's information value to our industry and professional readership. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 18 May 2017. 6pm 25 May 2017. 6pm 31 May 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 18 May 2017. 6pm 25 May 2017. 6pm 31 May 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Nishant Varma Christian Schmidt Huub Verschueren Mark A. Smith Helaine Kang Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Columnists SP Angel Today's Market View - Anglo Asian Mining Plc, Asiamet Resources, Medusa Mining, URU Metals Ltd Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 11:45 09 May 2017 Anglo Asian Mining* (LON:AAZ) – New corporate presentation for ProActive Investor presentation tonight highlights development of new mine at Ugur Asiamet Resources (LON:ARS) – Asiamet sells Jelai project for US$0.8m Medusa Mining (ASX:MML) A$0.355, mkt cap A$73m – Revised production guidance   European stocks are trading at the highest in two years on the back of positive corporate earnings and pro economic growth Macron win in France. • Chinese equities are relatively flat capping the latest series of losses that shed $500bn off local equities amid a state crackdown on financial leverage. • Gold prices are trading lower at $1,225/oz on the back of a rebound in the US$ index from nearly a six month low it hit Friday last week. • Base metals are in the black taking a break in the latest round of losses led by raising interest rates in China and increasing inventories. • Iron ore futures are lower with the benchmark spot 62% Fe trading at $60.15/t following a five day losing streak, according to Metal Bulletin. • Weakness in the bulk commodity prices is attributed to traders trimming their positions amid escalating borrowing costs in the Chinese market.   China C919 commercial airliner to rival Boeing is going to use more aluminium, titanium and other speciality metals • Building factories to make commercial aircraft is a major undertaking and one which requires massive state sponsorship as well as large scale machinery and tool shops. • China’s determination to develop production the C919 and presumably to build significant numbers of aircraft is going to absorb quantities of speciality metals, alloys and metals for the machines for manufacturing these components.  It may also boost the use of metal powders for 3D printing if the Chinese opt to go this route for certain components. • The C919 had a maiden 80-minute flight on 5th May so its still early days but this is a first step into a $2tr jet market.  • The plane is built by Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) a Chinese state-backed company and we suspect that state support and low costs in China will enable COMAC to undercut Boeing and Airbus to radically transform the aviation industry. • The plane is manufactured in China except for the engines which are sources abroad.  However it may still take several years to gain certification in China, the US and Europe. • The plane can carry 158-168 passengers and COMAC is already looking to develop a wide body long-haul jet in joint venture with Russian partners. • Preference will be given within China for the sourcing of these metals restricting their availability for export and to other internal buyers. • If the C919 flys well and there are significant orders for its production then we can expect there to be some disruption to the supply chains of certain key metals. • This combined with China’s increasingly strictly applied environment and health and safety policies could continue to drive prices for many speciality metals higher • Mitsubishi and Toyota have also developed a new Regional Jet for 70-90 passengers which had its first flight in 2015.  Deliveries are expected to start in 2020 using Pratt & Whitney PW1000G geared turbofan engines.   Argentina – new legislation to encourage mining expected this week • The government is expected to sign a new federal mining agreement this week to unify legislation across Argentina this week. • The aim is to encourage investment and to better compete with Chile and Peru which benefit from substantial taxes and employment from mining. • Argentina has had a disparate array of punitive local regulations with 23 provinces operating a full ban on the use of cyanide. • The government has already revoked a 5% tax on mining and energy companies and a prohibition on the remittance of profits out of Argentina by foreign mining companies. • Rio Tinto, Vale and many other miners have withdrawn from Argentina in recent years. • The question is how long will the initiatives of the Macri government survive beyond his tenure.  If Argentina returns to its Peronist past then much of Macri’s good work may easily be undone.   Phillipines – new environment minister indicated more moderate stance and approval for responsible mining • The new environment minister ‘General Cimatu’ who is now retired from the army has indicated that he can allow mining so long as it does not destroy the environment. • General Cimatu admits he does not have enough experience in environmental conservation but is willing to learn. • We hope the General maintains the ban on the mining and shipping of unprocessed nickel laterites which we see as unnecessarily damaging to the environment. • We also hope the General is able to enforce international standards for environmental practices and rehabilitation.   121 Mining Investment conference – sponsored by SP Angel - 10–11 May 2017 • The 121 team are running the London 121 Mining Investment conference at No 8 Fenchurch Street in The City on 10-11 May. • The event is for registered investment professionals, mining and exploration companies and mining analysts and brings the industry together alongside a series of investor briefings. • 65 quality producers, developers and explorers attending / presenting • I’m talking at 3:00 on the Thursday on:  ‘UK mining outlook - A new era of UK funded exploration and production’. • Follow link for investor passes - http://www.weare121.com/121mininginvestment-london/registration/register-investor/   Dow Jones Industrials  +0.03% at 21,012 Nikkei 225   -0.26% at 19,843  HK Hang Seng   +1.02% at 24,829  Shanghai Composite    +0.06% at 3,081  FTSE 350 Mining   +1.36% at 14,269 AIM Basic Resources   -0.42% at 2,607    Economic News US – Loretta Mester, a Cleveland Fed President and an alternate FOMC voting member, supported the continuation in the gradual policy tightening during her Bloomberg interview yesterday. • She also remained convinced that the Fed should begin to shrink the outstanding $4.5tn balance sheet this year. • “We could probably end re-investments and not see a big impact, as long as we articulate it well,” the Mester said.   Asia Pacific region – The IMF released economic growth estimates for the region to 5.5% in 2017, up from 5.3% previously forecast in Oct/16. • An upgrade was driven by estimates for stronger growth in China (+6.6%) and Japan (+1.2%) on the back of continued government support policies. • Prospects “remain robust – the strongest in the world, in fact – and recent data point to a pickup in momentum”. • The fund highlighted that the balance of risks remains “tilted to the downside” with medium term growth for the region facing “secular headwinds”. • In particular, the IMF noted decelerating productivity growth which has hit the region.   Germany – Trade data record all time high value of exports and imports with trade balance coming in just a shy away from the strongest reading reported in March last year. • Exports climbed 10.8%yoy to €118.2bn while imports were up 14.7%yoy to €92.9bn in Mar/17.   UK – Retail sales post the biggest increase in 11 years; although, a share of gains is likely to be attributed to retailers reluctant to raise prices attracting new shoppers, most of the increase has to do with the timing of Easter holidays. • “Shop prices are still down overall although other items of consumer spending are increasing headline inflation and hence driving a tightening of purse strings,” the British Retail Consortium (RBC) said. • Outlook for consumer spending remains subdued amid increasing inflation expectations and slowing wage growth. • Retail sales (%yoy): 5.6 v -1.0 in Mar and 0.5 forecast.   France – The Bank of France forecasts growth to accelerate to 0.5%qoq in Q2/17, up from 0.3%qoq recorded in Q1/17. • Incoming president Emmanuel Macron promised to restart growth by liberalising the nation’s labour laws and reducing taxes for the entrepreneurs.   South Korea – goes to the polls to elect a new president following the removal of Park Geun-Hye for corruption   Currencies US$1.0913/eur vs 1.0967/eur yesterday.   Yen 113.61/$ vs 112.65/$.   SAr 13.691/$ vs 13.474/$.   $1.294/gbp vs $1.298/gbp.   0.734/aud vs 0.740/aud.   CNY 6.908/$ vs 6.904/$.   Commodity News Precious metals: Gold US$1,227/oz vs US$1,231/oz yesterday – Gold buying is forecast to climb to the highest level in four years in China in 2017 as investors reposition themselves from weakening stock  and property markets and increasing tensions with North Koreans, the China Gold Association said. • Demand could surpass 1,000t compared to 975t recorded last year. • Gold buying has already climbed 15%yoy in Q1/17 with gold bars reported an increase of 60%.    Gold ETFs 59.7moz vs US$59.6moz yesterday Platinum US$914/oz vs US$916/oz yesterday Palladium US$811/oz vs US$815/oz yesterday Silver US$16.24/oz vs  US$16.34/oz yesterday             Base metals:    Copper US$ 5,510/t vs US$5,490/t yesterday Aluminium US$ 1,877/t vs US$1,890/t yesterday Nickel US$ 9,205/t vs US$9,035/t yesterday Zinc US$ 2,629/t vs US$2,552/t yesterday Lead US$ 2,181/t vs US$2,158/t yesterday Tin US$ 19,800/t vs US$19,650/t yesterday             Energy:            Oil US$49.6/bbl vs US$49.4/bbl yesterday Natural Gas US$3.188/mmbtu vs US$3.237/mmbtu yesterday Uranium US$22.65/lb vs US$22.75/lb yesterday – Rossing Uranium scheduled to close in 2025.  Now is the time to plan for production to replace that lost from Rossing.             Bulk:    Iron ore 62% Fe spot (cfr Tianjin) US$59.5/t vs US$60.9/t Chinese steel rebar 25mm US$540.3/t vs US$533.5/t Thermal coal (1st year forward cif ARA) US$63.7/t vs US$65.0/t yesterday Premium hard coking coal Aus fob US$199.4/t vs US$211.8/t   Other: Tungsten - APT European prices $210-219/mtu vs $212-219/mtu Lithium – scientists reveal how lithium relieves symptoms of bipolar disorder • Scientists have worked out how lithium works on cells using the lithium response as a molecular can opener. • The work means that lithium may be more effectively used to treat patients who respond better to lithium than other newer mood stabalizers. • While the work is hugely important in psychiatry we don’t think it will have much impact on the market for lithium which is now dominated by the ramp up in Li-ion battery manufacturing capacity and their suppliers..   Company News Anglo Asian Mining* (LON:AAZ) 17.8p, Mkt Cap 20m – New corporate presentation for ProActive Investor presentation tonight highlights development of new mine at Ugur • Anglo Asian has published a new corporate presentation today ahead of a presentation tonight at a ProActive Investor forum. • The copper and gold mining company is currently reworking its mine plan to develop new production at the Ugur discovery just 3km along from the Gedabek lease. • The team will move people and equipment onto the development of Ugur to ensure the longer term development of the company. • Anglo Asian is a relatively low cost gold producer with AISC costs of $703/oz in H1 2016. • The company now operates a flotation plant to treat copper rich ores, a heap leach pad for lower grade gold ores as well as agitation leach and SARt plants for the treatment of more challenging copper gold ores.  This gives the team great flexibility and the ability to maximise recovery rates from differing mineralogies. • The company recently lowered guidance for gold and copper production for the year to 64-72koz (65.4koz in 2016) as the team moves to start mining from the Ugur discovery.  • The team will continue to drill in and around the Gedabek open pit to better understand the resource. • A new JORC resource will be prepared for publication in Q3 *SP Angel act as Nomad and Broker to Anglo Asian Mining   Asiamet Resources (LON:ARS) 5.2p, Mkt Cap £36m – Asiamet sells Jelai project for US$0.8m • Asiamet Resources has sold its Jelai project to Ship Ocean Lte for US$0.8m. • The license is currently being converted from an IUP Exploration license to a IUP production license , “an intensive process that consumes considerable time and resources”. • “IUP” (Mining Business License) replaced the old ‘Basic Regulation on Mining Law No. 11’.  The new law from 2009 is designed to ensure a continuous national development policy . • The company is now better able to dedicate its attention to advancing the KSK and Beutong projects. • Management also report on progress at the Beutong IUP where Indonesian Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources (ESDM) requested further revisions to be made. • The revised documents have since been updated and resubmitted to the ESDM and the team believe this is the final requirement prior to the grant of the Beutong IUP production license. • Asiamet holds an attributable 40% of the Beutong project which has a measured and indicated resource of 93mt grading 0.81% copper and 0.13ppm gold, 1.97ppm silver and 97ppm molybdenum.  The company is able to earn into an 80% interest.   Medusa Mining (LON:MML) A$0.355, mkt cap A$73m – Revised production guidance Following the revised guidance issued late on Friday I caught up with Boyd Timmler this morning.  Below the key points: • Guidance for the full year was reduced from 85k-90koz to 77k-80kozs. • This was a result of the delays they have suffered, key being the extra maintenance required for the L8 shaft which meant they could not shift as much ore out of the mine as they wanted. • The knock-on impact affected both the installation of the new pumps and development at Level 9 which in turn meant that flooding became an issue and they did not access the very high grade ore when planned. • Level 9 is the sweet spot of the mine with the highest grade ore / vertical metre.  Since accessing it in the last week of April the head grade going to the mill has increased from just under 5g/t in the March quarter to 6.2g/t.  They expect to see this head grade maintained going forward and as a result are confident they will hit the 20k-23k oz for the June quarter. • The water pumps will be installed in the coming months with commissioning scheduled for the end of June/early July ahead of the next wet season which starts Sept/Oct time. • The higher than normal levels of absenteeism were down to Easter falling close to Labour Day on the 1st May and workers taking extra unlogged holiday (the Philippines in majority Catholic).  Given it was effectively all in the same month it had an impact on production. • The other piece of news is that Gina Lopez the controversial Secretary of the Environment has been replaced by Roy Climatu who it appears is more mining friendly having taken a more moderate stance than Gina, which can only be good news. • Cash wise the major capex items have all been paid for and the only big money capital items they still have are mine development and resource drilling, both of which could be slowed if absolutely necessary.  They do have a small working capital facility with Metro Bank which they could extend rather than come back to the market again if necessary. Conclusion:  While frustrating to suffer more negative news in the short term, the infrastructure programme they set out last year is nearing completion and we should start to see this have a positive impact, all be it 3mths later than originally thought.   The current share price offers an attractive entry  point assuming no further issues over the coming months. * An SP Angel analyst has previously visited the Co-O mine in the Philippines   URU Metals (LON:URU) 3 pence, Mkt Cap £3.4m – Apology • On Friday we inadvertently republished an old comment on URU Metals which we had first published in 2013. • The mistake arose because I copied an old comment over and then did not get time to write up something new in its place. • Am sorry for any misunderstanding which may have arisen from the republishing of this comment. SP Angel Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version DISCLAIMER This note has been issued by SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP (“SP Angel”) in order to promote its investment services. This information is a marketing communication for the purpose of the European Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID) and FCA’s Rules. It has not been prepared in accordance with the legal requirements designed to promote the independence or objectivity of investment research. This document is not based upon detailed analysis by SP Angel of any market; issuer or security named herein and does not constitute a formal research recommendation, either expressly or otherwise. The value of investments contained herein may go up or down. Where investment is made in currencies other than the base currency of the investment, movements in exchange rates will have an effect on the value, either favourable or unfavourable. Securities issued in emerging markets are typically subject to greater volatility and risk of loss. This note is confidential and is being supplied to you solely for your information and may not be reproduced, redistributed or passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other person or published in whole or in part, for any purpose. Neither the information nor the opinions expressed herein constitutes, or is to be construed as, an offer or invitation or other solicitation or recommendation to buy or sell investments. This information is for the sole use of Eligible Counterparties and Professional Customers only and is not intended for Retail Clients, as defined by the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and  subject to SP Angel’s Terms of Business as published or communicated to clients from time to time. It is not investment advice and does not take into account the investment objectives and policies, financial position or portfolio composition of any recipient. This document should not to be relied upon as authoritative or taken in substitution for the exercise of you own commercial judgment. SP Angel is not responsible for any errors, omissions or for the results obtained from the use of the information in this document. This document has been prepared on the basis of economic data, trading patterns, actual market news and events, and is only valid on the date of publication. SP Angel does not make any guarantee, representation or warranty, (either expressly or implied), as to the factual accuracy, completeness, or sufficiency of information contained herein. This document has been prepared by the author based upon information sources believed to be reliable and prepared in good faith. SP Angel, its partners, officers and or employees may own or have positions in any investment(s) mentioned herein or related thereto and may, from time to time add to, or dispose of, any such investment(s). SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP is a company registered in England and Wales with company number OC317049 and whose registered office address is Prince Frederick House, 35-39 Maddox Street, London W1S 2PP.  SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP  is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority whose address is 25, The North Colonnade, Canary Wharf, London E14 5HS and is a Member of the London Stock Exchange plc. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help SP Angel www.spangel.co.uk SP Angel combines the focus, flexibility and creativity of a boutique with the expertise of a global investment bank UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Travel News Destinations Hotels Offers Holiday types City Beach Tours Cruise Ski Family Luxury Advice More Cancel All Features Hotels Tours Destinations Features Hotels Tours Telegraph Travel News Could this new Chinese-made plane become Ryanair's staple aircraft? The new Comac C919 at its maiden flight in Shanghai Credit: AFP Hugh Morris 9 May 2017 • 11:48am British holidaymakers could soon be jetting off for a summer break on a plane never before seen above European skies. China was last week celebrating the inaugural flight of the Comac C919, the aircraft it hopes will catapult the communist country into the aviation fray to compete with Boeing and Airbus. Broadcast live across the country and lasting 79 minutes, the flight from Shanghai has pricked the ears of the industry’s bigwigs, with low-cost airline Ryanair already showing an interest in flying the model. The first flight was met hyped up in China Credit: STR Six years ago the Irish carrier signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the state-owned manufacturer to “participate in discussion on the development” of the C919, designed to carry 160 passengers, and has this week said it remains keen on following the prospect of the aircraft. Asked if Ryanair would be interested in placing an order for the C919, a spokesperson said: “Yes, if it produces a 199 seat version and is competitively priced.” Which planes do airlines use the most today? Ryanair chief executive Michael O’Leary has previously said that he welcomed an alternative to Boeing and Airbus, adding he was “seriously interested in the development of a 200 seat variant”. The road ahead for China and Comac is long, with the aircraft, most closely akin to the Boeing 737 or Airbus A320, required to go through a number of safety and inspection processes before acquiring certificates from aviation authorities around the world, including the European Aviation Safety Association (EASA) and the US equivalent, Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). But China will take encouragement from the rate of growth in the industry. The International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) says that the “global air transport network” doubles in size once every 15 years. Boeing, accordingly, says that some 40,000 new planes are needed by the industry to handle the capacity over the next 20 years, while Chinese airlines are expected to spend more than $1trillion on aircraft over the next two decades. Comac will want a slice of the pie. The Chinese manufacturer already says it has 570 orders, mostly from domestic airlines, and is targeting an entry into service by 2020. The company says, too, it has plans to build larger jumbo jets. The 18 most important aircraft of all time China is intent on building a self-sufficient aviation industry. Where the likes of Boeing, founded in Seattle, and Airbus, in Toulouse, import components before constructing an aircraft, China wants its parts manufactured in the country. “Comac will choose international suppliers through bidding, but priority will go to foreign suppliers that design and manufacture products with domestic companies,” Wu Guanghui, the C919’s chief designer, said. The C919 is not the first commercial aircraft to be championed by China. Developed in the Seventies, the Shanghai Y-10 was a copy of the Boeing 707, but never made it past two units before being scrapped. The Comac ARJ21, a 78-seat regional jet, was more successful, launching in 2007 and entering service last year with Chengdu Airlines. Still, only six have been built. Currently, Ryanair has a fleet of more than 360 Boeing 737s, and has on order another 100 737 Max 200s. How many planes are there in the world? Share this article View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Read more 09 May 2017, 1:06pm The £10,000 prize-winning book that transports you to colonial New York 08 May 2017, 1:36pm Mount Everest bracing itself for potentially dangerous traffic jams 08 May 2017, 1:18pm Investigation underway after pilot caught napping in business class while trainee flew the plane 08 May 2017, 12:47pm First flight finally lands at world's most 'useless' airport 08 May 2017, 10:08am United Airlines apologises again after flying passenger 3,000 miles in the wrong direction Travel latest 09 May 2017, 1:06pm The £10,000 prize-winning book that transports you to colonial New York 09 May 2017, 12:23pm Half Paris, half Brooklyn – is Montréal the perfect city? 09 May 2017, 12:19pm Cocktails and coding at The Sanderson in London 09 May 2017, 12:13pm "You’ll find real farmers, real passion, the real deal": Inside Helen Browning's Royal Oak, Wiltshire 09 May 2017, 11:59am Holiday reps being trained to counter terrorism abroad 09 May 2017, 11:54am Which country drinks the most tea? The answer might surprise you 09 May 2017, 11:00am 10 amazing properties that prove you're wrong about B&Bs 09 May 2017, 10:46am Taller than Nelson's Column and longer than three football fields – so how do cruise ships even stay afloat? 09 May 2017, 10:10am Madrid attractions 09 May 2017, 10:10am Madrid events 09 May 2017, 10:10am Madrid nightlife 09 May 2017, 10:10am 36 Hours in...Madrid 09 May 2017, 10:10am Madrid: getting there 09 May 2017, 10:10am Madrid shopping 09 May 2017, 10:10am Madrid restaurants Gallery 09 May 2017, 10:00am Gallery: 13 strange and beautiful Japanese islands you must visit Gallery 09 May 2017, 9:39am Gallery: Secrets of the National Trust: 10 hidden gems you didn't know about 08 May 2017, 5:42pm Tivoli: Europe’s best city-centre theme park 08 May 2017, 5:00pm From Arabian adventures to The Trip to Spain: TV programmes to give you wanderlust this week 08 May 2017, 3:45pm Ian Rankin: ‘The world's greatest city? After Edinburgh, New York’ Gallery 08 May 2017, 3:30pm Gallery: The richest people in travel Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cambrex Co. (CBM) Shares Bought by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Heritage Investors Management Corp Has $2.574 Million Position in Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Buys 400 Shares of Kite Realty Group Trust (KRG) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Boosts Stake in CONSOL Energy Inc. (CNX) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Boosts Position in Comcast Co. (CMCSA) CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (CNP) Shares Sold by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Reliance Trust Co. of Delaware Sells 627 Shares of 3M Co (MMM) Capital Investment Advisors LLC Acquires 402 Shares of Boeing Co (BA) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Acquires 200 Shares of InterDigital, Inc. (IDCC) Brokers Set Expectations for Ingevity Corp’s Q3 2017 Earnings (NGVT) Seaport Global Securities Equities Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Chesapeake Utilities Co. (CPK) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Caretrust REIT Inc Raised by KeyCorp (CTRE) Northcoast Research Research Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (AXL) Zacks Investment Research Lowers Tidewater Inc. (TDW) to Sell Capital One Financial Corp. Lowers Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (SRC) to Underweight Lexington Realty Trust (LXP) Position Reduced by Capstone Asset Management Co. Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $493,000 Position in Brink's Company (BCO) Capstone Asset Management Co. Increases Position in Regal Beloit Corp (RBC) Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $486,000 Stake in Tripadvisor Inc (TRIP) Tompkins Financial Corp Increases Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Capital Investment Advisors LLC Acquires 402 Shares of Boeing Co (BA) May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Capital Investment Advisors LLC boosted its position in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) by 1.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 37,264 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after buying an additional 402 shares during the period. Capital Investment Advisors LLC’s holdings in Boeing were worth $6,590,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in BA. Reik & CO. LLC increased its stake in Boeing by 8.8% in the third quarter. Reik & CO. LLC now owns 2,910 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $383,000 after buying an additional 235 shares during the last quarter. Brighton Jones LLC increased its stake in Boeing by 1.0% in the third quarter. Brighton Jones LLC now owns 6,777 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $893,000 after buying an additional 65 shares during the last quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in Boeing by 66.0% in the third quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,560 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $206,000 after buying an additional 620 shares during the last quarter. Intersect Capital LLC increased its stake in Boeing by 7.3% in the third quarter. Intersect Capital LLC now owns 8,544 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $1,126,000 after buying an additional 579 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Concert Wealth Management Inc. increased its stake in Boeing by 1.5% in the third quarter. Concert Wealth Management Inc. now owns 52,208 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $6,881,000 after buying an additional 784 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 186.02 on Tuesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $179.27 and a 200 day moving average of $163.65. The company has a market cap of $112.28 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.92 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Co has a 1-year low of $122.35 and a 1-year high of $186.39. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The aircraft producer reported $2.01 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.91 by $0.10. The company had revenue of $20.98 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $21.27 billion. Boeing had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 7.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.74 earnings per share. Analysts predict that Boeing Co will post $9.39 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, May 12th will be issued a dividend of $1.42 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.05%. Boeing’s dividend payout ratio is presently 74.25%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/capital-investment-advisors-llc-acquires-402-shares-of-boeing-co-ba.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently weighed in on BA shares. Robert W. Baird restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $182.00 price target on shares of Boeing in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating and issued a $175.00 price target on shares of Boeing in a research note on Sunday, January 29th. Morgan Stanley downgraded shares of Boeing from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and raised their price target for the company from $185.00 to $190.00 in a research note on Monday, March 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Gabelli restated a “buy” rating on shares of Boeing in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG raised their price target on shares of Boeing from $195.00 to $205.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $165.52. In related news, SVP Timothy John Keating sold 32,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $184.51, for a total transaction of $5,996,575.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 107,437 shares in the company, valued at $19,823,200.87. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Leanne G. Caret sold 2,400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $182.73, for a total value of $438,552.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 44,710 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,169,858.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 63,403 shares of company stock valued at $11,666,138. 0.58% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Boeing Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
The cases against Vijay Mallya | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Companies Last Modified: Wed, May 10 2017. 05 28 AM IST Air India, Jet Airways deploy bigger planes on domestic routes Air India has over 16 daily flights on bigger planes now, while Jet Airways has about eight Subscribe to our newsletter. Tarun Shukla Air India Ltd has deployed double-decker Boeing 747 jumbo, Boeing 777 and Boeing Dreamliner 787 planes, which it typically flies to the US and Europe on domestic metro routes. Photo: Mint New Delhi: Passengers on some domestic flights, usually between two metros, are enjoying the benefits of flying in bigger aircraft, as airlines deploy Boeing 747 jumbos, Boeing 777s, Boeing Dreamliner 787s, and Airbus A330s to cope with higher traffic and slot constraints at some airports that limit the number of flights. Air India Ltd and Jet Airways Ltd have both done this, the former now operating 16 daily flights on bigger aircraft, and the latter, 8. For passengers, this means more room, sometimes, more and better food. “The feel of travelling in a bigger aircraft is so much better,” said an Air India official, who did not wish to be named, “There is more leg room and the food is better because bigger planes have different food trays (than smaller ones).” Jet said it “now connects four major metros with domestic wide body services” as it has “received overwhelming response from the guests”. Using bigger aircraft also makes sense at a time when airports, especially India’s two busiest ones at New Delhi and Mumbai, have no more slots for new flights. An Airbus A320/Boeing 737 can fly about 150 passengers in a business and economy class configuration, while an Air India 747 jumbo with its 423 seats, including first, business and economy, can fly more than double that capacity in one go. Click here for enlarge “With 20% plus sustained growth of Indian domestic market; no new major airline joining the competition and capacity augmentation trailing market growth rate, airlines are being able to conveniently deploy large capacity aircraft assured of good load factors and without upsetting the frequency USP,” said former Air India executive director Jitender Bhargava. Most airlines have been running occupancy of over 80% on their flights touching 90% on good months on the back of double-digit growth over the last two years, fuelled by cheaper oil prices and lower fares. Indian airlines typically use narrow-body Boeing 737s and Airbus A320s on their domestic network. Bigger planes also fly faster. This means passengers can benefit from a early arrivals, said an Air India pilot, who flies the Boeing 747 and asked not to be named. Air India’s Boeing Dreamliner 787 also comes with the advantage of higher cabin pressure that results in better humidity, reducing passenger fatigue, dry eyes and headaches, according to Boeing. There is a downside for both passengers and airlines, though, according to Steve Forte, the former CEO of Jet. Bigger planes mean longer boarding and deplaning time and a longer wait at the baggage carousel for the passengers; for the airlines, it means more fuel consumption on the ground, he explained. Tarun Shukla Topics: Air India Jet Airways bigger planes Boeing Dreamliner More From Livemint READ MORE How Kerala’s cooperatives are planning to take on big banks Solar tariffs: Foreign firms emerge lowest bidders Is the politics over jobs data about to be recast? First Published: Tue, May 09 2017. 01 41 PM IST Editor's Picks International Court of Justice stays Kulbhushan Jadhav’s hanging $1.1 billion-worth ShopClues raises Rs50 crore in venture debt from InnoVen Capital Power reforms have changed country’s mindset: Piyush Goyal Latest News Solar tariffs: Foreign firms emerge lowest bidders Is the politics over jobs data about to be recast? Preet Bharara raises concerns over James Comey’s sacking Cast asunder by triple talaq, Muslim women see hope in Supreme Court IPL 2017: Kings XI face Mumbai Indians in another ‘do-or-die’ clash Mint On Sunday 1965 Nanda Devi spy mission, the movie Meeting Lucy in Ethiopia, and other travel stories from the cradle of humanity The Universe of the Mantra Secrets of the world’s biggest gin collection The Tao of thinking Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » India Business News » SpiceJet eyes Rs 25,000 return fare to Western Europe on its proposed budget long haul flights Facebook posts $3 bn profit in Q1 H-1B effect: Infosys to hire 10,000 US workers Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal SpiceJet eyes Rs 25,000 return fare to Western Europe on its proposed budget long haul flightsSaurabh Sinha | TNN | May 9, 2017, 10.48 AM IST Representative photo NEW DELHI: Flying to western Europe for a summer break may not remain just a dream if SpiceJet's plans for medium to long haul international flights work out. The low cost carrier (LCC) is currently working out the economies of this model and says return fares could be about Rs 25,000 to places like London, Paris and Amsterdam in all-economy seating wide body aircraft. Return fares on these sectors is mostly upwards of Rs 40,000 on full service Indian and foreign airlines, especially in peak travel seasons. This January SpiceJet had placed an order for up to 205 Boeing aircraft — 155 B-737 and an optional order for 50 more that was a mix of wide and narrow body planes. "We are evaluating the low cost long haul model for which an optional order for wide body planes has been placed. There is a good market for this segment in India if a good product is offered at the right price. Imagine the demand that a fare of Rs 10,000-15,000 on Delhi-London will have," SpiceJet chairman Ajay Singh had said on January 13 while signing the deal with Boeing. The airline has made headway with those plans and shared some key features with TOI. "SpiceJet will follow the same low cost/no frills model on its long haul routes as it does on its domestic and short haul international sectors where passengers pay for additional services like meals, seat selection, priority check-in, priority boarding and excess baggage. However, unlike some other international LCCs, the first (check-in) bag would be free of charge," said a SpiceJet official. A leading international long haul LCC, for instance charges $32 for a check-in bag of up to 20 kg — one way -- on its India-Southeast Asia flights. So if SpiceJet is able to offer this service at no extra cost, that will be significant saving for flyers. "SpiceJet plans to have 350-380 seats on a Boeing 787 Dreamliner. It would be an all-economy class configuration with few select rows of SpiceMax seats offering extra leg room. Full service Air India has 256 seats on its Dreamliners with 18 in business class. (With this seating capacity) if we can cap return fares at levels of about Rs 25,000, many would prefer a European vacation when a domestic return ticket can cost the same during peak season," said another SpiceJet official, adding that the LCC is looking at London, Birmingham, Paris, Amsterdam, Frankfurt and Zurich as the possible destinations. It will offer in flight entertainment on its flights from later this year. The airline did not give a firm date for starting these flights. "SpiceJet continues to study the viability of low-cost long haul travel and a decision will be taken in due course," said Ajay Singh. However, actual fares will depend on oil prices when SpiceJet launches these flights. Indian LCCs — IndiGo, SpiceJet and GoAir — have narrow body planes like B-737 and Airbus A-320 in their fleet. IndiGo and SpiceJet operate to nearby foreign countries like Gulf and Southeast Asia and GoAir also plans to do the same. But as of now, no Indian budget airlines flies long haul. On the other hand, foreign LCCs offer connections to as far as Australia and eastern Europe through their hubs in Dubai and Singapore and Indians are already flying long haul on them. The biggest foreign LCCs currently operating to India are Singapore-based Scoot and Tiger (both part of Singapore Airlines' Group); Kuala Lumpur-based AirAsia; Dubai-based flydubai and Sharjah's Air Arabia. While the SIA budget carriers offer connections to China, Southeast Asia and Australia from their hub, the Gulf LCCs do so to eastern Europe, West Asia and Africa. In fact, flydubai gets a significant transfer traffic for its Europe flights from India. Indian LCCs like SpiceJet now want a share of the growing pie of long haul budget travel to and from the country. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Reduce Phone Bills with Top VoIP Solutions. Search New 201.. VoIP Phone - Sponsored Ads Top Lung Cancer Info - Search For Your Treatment Options Lung Cancer Info - Sponsored Ads The Luxury Crossover SUV that Puts You Confidently in Charge Acura More from The Times of India I am back at SpiceJet for long run: Ajay Singh Soon, bunks for AI crew on long haul flights Chinese airline offers Wi-Fi on long haul flights From the Web More From The Times of India 80s Primetime Soap Stars: Where Are They Now?MSN Have You Seen These New 2017 SUVs?Top SUVs Sponsored Ads Peek Inside Ellen & Portia's Dramatic Italian-Inspired Est..Lonny The Experiences That Spark Student CreativityMicrosoft Living With ED? These Things Could Be Causing ItWebMD Special SpiceJet haj flights from Gaya, Indore SpiceJet returns to profit after 7 quarters SpiceJet introduces 22 new flights SpiceJet chief resigns, Mallya eyes majority stake SpiceJet set to replace Sharjah service with Dubai flight ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Kapil Mishra 'shares evidence' against Arvind Kejriwal in Rs 400 crore scam Indian woman says was forced to marry Pak man at gunpoint 'I saw Satyendar Jain give Rs 2 crore in cash to Kejriwal,' alleges sacked AAP minister Kapil Mishra Keep Cool With Our Favorite Summer Drink Recipes Ad: Food Network Torrent Pharma seals deal to buy out Sandoz Torrent Pharma has sealed a deal to buy out Novartis' women's healthcare business Sandoz, say reports. Sensex ends 67 pts higher; Nifty50 tops 9,300 S&P BSE Sensex gained 67 points to close at 29,926.15 with Infosys, ICICI Bank and contributing the most to the gains. Recovering sharply, drug major Lupin emerged as the top performer on the index while FMCG major ITC ended as the worst laggard. From around the Web Mouthwatering Citrus Dessert Recipes Cooking Channel Attention Clifton Residents. Have You Looked at Gold Price.. See Gold Ads You Don't Have to Settle For Lower Back Pain Yahoo Best SUVs for 2017. Don't Buy Until You See These Deals SUVDealGuru | Sponsored Ads More From The Times of India SpiceJet eyes right to flight abroad Spice Jet launches Diwali sale, base fare at Rs 749 Volvo eyes long haul transportation segment in India Read MoreWestern EuropeSpiceJetSoutheast AsiasharjahAirbus Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners L&T Infotech to hire 1,000 mid-level professionals Sensex scales 30,000-mark in early trade Airlines offer massive discounts on shorter routes for June-August Data traffic management should not violate net neutrality: Nasscom 1SpiceJet eyes Rs 25,000 return fare to Western Europe on its proposed budget long haul flights 2L&T Infotech to hire 1,000 mid-level professionals 3Sensex scales 30,000-mark in early trade 4Airlines offer massive discounts on shorter routes for June-August 5Data traffic management should not violate net neutrality: Nasscom Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Live updates: AAP Crisis Mulayam Singh Yadav Sensex Champions Trophy 2017 Kashmir News Warren Buffett Arvind Kejriwal Wipro Layoff Kapil Mishra Bahubali 2 Box Office Bahubali 2 Collection Day 8 Bahubali 2 Collection Day 9 services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web NEET Kapil Mishra AAP  Lalu Prasad Yadav Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Baahubali 2 Collection Bahubali 2 Collections Justin Bieber India tour Trending topics Best Sex Positions IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table Best Mehndi Designs Champions Trophy squad Sunny Leone Pics xXx Baahubali Collections Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:06 GMT +310 May 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search US Air Force Successfully Tests Fighter-Satellite Communication Network © Sputnik/ Grigoriy Sisoev US 07:27 09.05.2017Get short URL 3116843 The US Air Force has successfully tested in the US state of Nevada Talon HATE airborne networking system that is used for communication between fighter aircraft and ground stations. WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — US-based aerospace giant Boeing and the US Air Force demonstrated that multiple fighter aircraft and ground stations can securely communicate using Talon HATE airborne networking system through military satellites, the company said in a press release. “Boeing and the US Air Force recently demonstrated that multiple aircraft and ground stations can efficiently and securely communicate using the Boeing-developed Talon HATE airborne networking system,” the release stated on Monday. © Boeing Boeing Wins $50M to Extend Service Life of F-18 Super Hornet AircraftDuring flight testing at Nellis Air Force Base (AFB) in the US state of Nevada, Talon HATE pods on two F-15C aircraft enabled test pilots to share information through the military’s Link 16, Common Data Link and Wideband Global SATCOM satellites, the release added. The tests also validated intra-flight datalink network capabilities used by F-22 aircraft and Boeing will conduct additional tests later this year with advanced sensors, which will offer improved aircraft targeting capabilities, the release noted. Nellis AFB is commonly referred to in US popular culture as Area 51. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 43 Related: Boeing Wins $2.2 Billion to Produce Anti-Sub Warfare Aircraft Boeing Wins $59Mln to Support Next Generation Aerial Tanker Program Boeing KC-46 Air Tanker Delivery Faces More Delays After 1-Year Setback Tags: satellite, communication, f-15, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:35Putin Congratulates Moon With S Korea Presidential Election Victory 09:30Snowden Speaks Out Against FBI Director Comey's Firing 09:29Russian Deputy PM Arrives in India to Take Part in Session of Trade Commission 09:21Tillerson to Attend Lavrov-Trump Meeting in Washington - US State Department 09:16UK, Europe Should Form Extended 'European Energy' Union After BrexitAll news 2017 Victory Day Parade in Moscow (VIDEO) 9766 Exit Polls Show Macron Winning Against Le Pen in French Runoff Vote With 60% 7473 Lavrov Unveils Why NATO Sent Ties With Russia Into Deep Freeze 7319 Satellite Images: Beijing Installing Missile Systems on South China Sea Islands 6926 Syrian Special Forces Blow up Nusra Tunnels in Damascus Suburb (VIDEO) 6450All news Lavrov Unveils Why NATO Sent Ties With Russia Into Deep Freeze 37 Who is Mr. Putin? West Still Can't Figure Out Russian President 29 WATCH: Video of Muslim Woman Harassed at US Supermarket Goes Viral 28 Dissent Denied: ‘Emergency’ US State Law to Silence Protesters 27 FBI Director James Comey Fired By Trump - White House 26All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics From Red Square to Airbase in Syria: Russia Celebrates WWII Victory Day Giving America the Cold Shoulder Results of the French Presidential Election News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Companies Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading China’s push into the passenger jet market is not seen as an immediate threat to Boeing or Airbus  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Companies CNBC CNBC China’s push into the passenger jet market is not seen as an immediate threat to Boeing or Airbus GE and Honeywell are among Western partners supplying technology to the new Chinese passenger jet PUBLISHED : Tuesday, 09 May, 2017, 10:58am UPDATED : Tuesday, 09 May, 2017, 10:59am Comments:   CNBC Share PrintEmail Related topics CNBC Airbus Boeing More on this story Companies China’s answer to Airbus, Boeing due to take off on Friday 3 May 2017 Policies & Politics In pictures: China’s Comac C919 set to make its debut flight 7 Feb 2017 Related Articles Innovation Hyperloop versus aeroplanes: what’s safer? 3 May 2017 Banking & Finance How Alexandra Lebenthal has taken on Wall Street’s boys’ club 1 May 2017 Leaders & Founders Facebook, Google need to accept they are media not tech companies 27 Apr 2017 China’s domestic airlines have been major buyers of large passenger aircraft from Airbus and Boeing but the Western manufacturers shouldn’t lose sleep over China’s ambitions in the market, according to analysts. This is at least the third attempt by the Chinese to build a commercial passenger aircraft that can successfully compete with Western manufacturers. “It’s like watching a competitor creep up on you at a snail’s pace and not necessarily moving in a straight line,” said Richard Aboulafia, vice president of analysis at Virginia-based industry consultancy Teal Group. Last Friday, a 158-seat jetliner built by the state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China took its maiden flight from Shanghai. The Chinese press hailed the flight of the so-called C919 passenger aircraft as a sign of the country’s growing influence and manufacturing prowess, though experts say it still faces significant hurdles. The C919 is a narrow-body twinjet similar in size to Boeing’s 737 or the Airbus A320. The Chinese passenger jet has been under development since 2008, and its maiden flight was about three years behind schedule. The C919 will be assembled in China, with some technology from Western partners, including affiliates of Honeywell and General Electric . “There’s an expectation of reliability in the components, but the US$64,000 question is the quality of the assembly [on the C919],” said Moody’s analyst Jonathan Root. China has been trying to break into the commercial jetliner business for decades. The Chinese developed a narrow-body jet known as the Y-10 in the 1970s, though it was considered a Boeing 707 knockoff. Then in 2008 China’s regional jet, known as the ARJ21 — featuring up to 90 seats — made its maiden flight and last June began commercial operations. “If the Chinese were doing anything except what they’re doing I think the Western manufacturers would be terrified,” said Aboulafia. “They are taking a convoluted and at times a counterproductive approach to developing this industry.” Aboulafia believes there are two “fundamental” mistakes the Chinese made in developing the C919. First, he believes the heavy hand of a state-owned enterprise is the wrong approach to cracking into the global commercial aircraft business. Second, he maintains that partnering with Western equipment manufacturers under preconditions such as a requirement of Chinese manufacturing will add risk and ultimately not bring the most current technology, due to intellectual property concerns. “Basically, they’re telling them they have no intellectual property protection,” said Aboulafia. “This means you have Western manufacturers sometimes showing up with the ‘latest and best’ from 1985.” CNBC reached out to GE and Honeywell for comment. According to reports, the C919 secured at least 570 orders from Air China and several other Chinese-based carriers as well as a handful of foreign airlines. The Chinese previously stated that they intended to sell more than 2,000 of the aircraft over two decades after the jet entered into service. Analysts say major Western carriers are likely to be hesitant to switch to a Chinese plane solely to save costs. “If I’m running a fleet for a U.S. airline or a European airline, I’m going to want to observe the reliability of the airplane — its efficacy in service, its operating profile, its reliability and so on,” said Root. “I think that would have to take a number of years being in service in order for me to consider inducting that aircraft into the fleet.” The C919 received a flight permit last month from the Civil Aviation Administration of China. It still requires certification from U.S. and EU safety agencies to fly in those markets. Even so, looking out five to 10 years from now the Moody’s analyst said he believes the established airlines will stick with Boeing and Airbus rather than the C919. “From our perspective, it’s a long time away before it might become a risk,” said Root. If the C919 does take off in terms of sales, however, Boeing could potentially see its China business start to decline. The strongest demand for Boeing’s commercial planes is for its narrow-body models. In October, Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg told analysts on the company’s earnings call that it sees China as “a US$1 trillion market opportunity” in terms of commercial planes over the next 20 years. Boeing’s total commercial order book had just over 5,700 planes through April, with the Asia market identified as having about 1,300 planes and China having 323. There are about 1,000 planes in Boeing’s backlog that are not identified, so it’s possible a portion of those are also for the Chinese market. Read the original article on CNBC SCMP Today: HK Edition Get updates direct to your inbox. E-mail * By registering you agree to our T&Cs & Privacy Policy Thank youYou are on the list. business-article-page   Most Popular Viewed 1 Homebuyers turn their backs on bank mortgages 2 Coach bags Kate Spade in US$2.4 billion deal 3 Belt and Road middleman role is a dead end for Hong Kong 4 Gentrification may solve Vancouver’s drugs crisis 5 Tencent extends WeChat Pay to the US with focus on Chinese tourists Shared 1 Gentrification may solve Vancouver’s drugs crisis 2 Tencent extends WeChat Pay to the US with focus on Chinese tourists 3 Belt and Road middleman role is a dead end for Hong Kong 4 Coach bags Kate Spade in US$2.4 billion deal 5 Air China feeling the effects of Cathay’s travails Commented 1 Colonial schools need overhaul, says former Canto-pop star 2 Our police can handle insults themselves 3 Lessons for China in failed US Silk Road initiative 4 Taiwan wants `friendly’ ties with mainland China, says premier 5 Restaurant fined for serving abalone dish ... with no abalone Promotions SCMP invites you to watch The West Side Story Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now!       You may also like News Forbidden City’s treasures for the masses, at a thumb’s scroll 7 May 2017 - 10:56pm 2 Making the magic happen on holiday In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Health & Beauty China pushes limits of endurance with 400km Ultra Gobi race 8 May 2017 - 5:47pm 4 Prince of Wales Drive: Luxury homes on sale in London's new leisure capital Brought to you by JLL Asia North Korea detains another US citizen May 8th 2017, 4:51pm 2 China China’s Tencent ‘deeply sorry’ after Russia blocks WeChat 7 May 2017 - 2:02am 8 Hong Kong Cathay launches leadership shake-up ahead of major restructure 6 May 2017 - 11:29pm 22 Geopolitics How Macau became North Korea’s window to the world 6 May 2017 - 8:39am 5 Companies China’s rival to Airbus, Boeing completes Shanghai test flight 5 May 2017 - 11:39pm 63 Hong Kong In pictures: Hong Kong upside down 7 May 2017 - 2:00pm SCMP Originals Former lawyer dons boxing gloves to start a social enterprise May 8th 2017, 3:17pm 3 SCMP Originals Lion Rock spirit: the inspiring tale of paraplegic climber Lai Chi-wai May 8th 2017, 3:20pm South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Sorry!! The article you are trying to read is not available now. Log In Business News Politics And Regulation Markets The Economy Editor's Pick Trading And Investing Stocks ETFs Fixed Income Currencies Earnings Commodities Options Taxes Personal Finance How To Trade How To Invest sectors Biotech/pharma Consumer Energy Financial Global Markets Media Precious Metals Real Estate Technology Transportation special features Wall Of Worry Random Thoughts Sports Business Minyanville Press Hoofy & Boo Radio From The Buzz & Banter Daily Recap MV Education center Video t3 live subscriptions Thank you very much; you're only a step away from downloading your reports. You will receive a download link right in your email inbox for each of the free reports that you choose. Minyanville Double Top On $BA Trade It By Scutify May 08, 2017 2:33 pm PRINT   Stay Connected This article is published in collaboration with Scutify, where you can find real-time markets and stock commentary from Robert Marcin, Cody Willard and others. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. Shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) have finally reached a technical double top. Double top levels are resistance points in technical analysis. They are often catalysts for pullbacks and that is what I expect on Boeing Co. Until this point, Boeing was bullish. Now the chart analysis tells us to flip it to bearish. The pullback target can be as low as $169.00 as first target and $161.00 as second target. View my trades and Verified performance right now, click here. Simply join Verified Investing for free and anytime I buy a stock/ETF, you will get an email. You can then opt-into the trade getting my exact entry price, target and stop. Those who take my trades, only reward me (a Verified Trader) with a few Dollars IF they get big winning trade information. This article was written by ST G for on . This article published in collaboration with Scutify, the best app for traders and investors. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. < Previous 1 Next > View As One Page Click Here to read the disclaimer > Follow Us On Twitter PRINT   Get The Minyanville Daily Recap Newsletter Stay current on financial news, entertainment, education and smart market commentary. Subscribe   BA Stay Connected Featured Videos This application requires JavaScript. WHAT'S POPULAR IN THE VILLE 1 Double Top On $BA Trade It 2 Are You Done Looking for a Stock Market Top? 3 5 Trade Ideas for Monday: Broadcom, Donaldson, FedEx, Kansas City Southern and Royal Bank of Canada 4 Advice for Hiring eCommerce SEO Services 5 Term Insurance: Tips to Buy the Best Plan See All Articles » More From Minyanville   Business News Trading and Investing Sectors Special Features MV PREMIUM MV Education Center Video Buzz & Banter Cooper's Market Report TechStrat Report The Options Strategist Sitemap Contributor Bios Directory of Terms Archive Email Alerts RSS Feeds T3 Live Subscriptions Minyanville Merchandise Company   MinyanLand Minyanville Media Buzz and Banter.com Ruby Peck Foundation About Us Advertise Contact Us Help Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Disclaimers   Follow Minyanville on Facebook   Follow minyanville on Twitter   Follow Minyanville on Linkedin   Subscribe to Our RSS Feed Partners   ©2017 Minyanville Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved
White Papers Magazines  Subscribe Now !  Sign In Sign Out      Job Opportunities      Subscribe for 1 year - Get 2 months FREE!!     TRY IT NOW Home ::  Space ::  Library ::  News ::  2017 ::  May ::  SITREP Military WMD Intelligence Homeland Security Space Menu                          Introduction Systems Facilities Agencies Countries Hot Documents News Reports Policy Budget Congress Links Public Eye Space Further Reading Secret US military shuttle ends 2-year mission In-Depth Coverage Iran Press TV Mon May 8, 2017 6:41AM The US military's mysterious spacecraft has returned to its base, completing a two-year secret mission in Earth's orbit. The unmanned Boeing X-37B landed at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida on Sunday, after making a sonic boom that could be heard from miles away. The space plane was launched from the nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in May 2015, aboard an Atlas 5 rocket built by United Launch Alliance (ULA), a partnership between Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing. This was the spacecraft's first landing in Florida. All the previous missions had landed in California's Vandenberg Air Force Base. The orbiter spent 718 days in the space, setting a new on-orbit endurance record. Overall, the two X-37Bs built so far have spent 2,085 days in space. Also known as Orbital Test Vehicle (OTV), the 29-feet-long drone was first launched into space in April 2010 and returned after eight months. It was sent on a second mission in March 2011 and remained in space for 15 months. The spacecraft set on its third mission in December 2012 and returned after 22 months. Brigadier General Wayne Monteith, commander of the 45th Space Wing, thanked his forces for conducting the last mission. "Our team has been preparing for this event for several years, and I am extremely proud to see our hard work and dedication culminate in today's safe and successful landing of the X-37B," he said in a statement. According to the USAF, the reusable plane "performs risk reduction, experimentation and concept of operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies." This is while, military analysts say the spacecraft will be ultimately used for spying activities. The Secure World Foundation, a nonprofit promoting the peaceful exploration of space, says the US military is using the platform to test intelligence-related hardware. The USAF is planning to launch the fifth X-37B mission from Cape Canaveral air force station later this year. "The ability to land, refurbish, and launch from the same location further enhances the OTV's ability to rapidly integrate and qualify new space technologies," said Monteith. NEWSLETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address   Advertise with Us | About Us | GlobalSecurity.org In the News | Internships | Site Map | Privacy Copyright © 2000-2017 GlobalSecurity.org All rights reserved. Site maintained by: John Pike
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week presented by Acumatica Startup Spotlight presented by Impinj Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Amazon to create permanent shelter for homeless families on its Seattle campus GeekWire Deals: Take cyber security into your own hands with a four-course bundle Portland-area security company SureID hit with layoffs; sources indicate up to 160 jobs affected SpaceX tweets Falcon Heavy rocket test Tunnel cave-in sparks emergency alert at Hanford; no radiation leaks detected Scientists argue that humanlike Homo naledi lived alongside our species in Africa Google film ‘Dot of Light’ features pioneering female astronauts and dramatic views from space Amazon is organizing its own series of concerts in London, but just for Prime members ‘The Martian’ author’s next book, ‘Artemis,’ will be ‘adrenaline-charged crime caper’ set on moon Tech Moves: Meet Microsoft Research Labs’ new director; Accolade adds key execs; and more Labor filing shows that layoffs at Seattle game studio PopCap will affect 45 employees A tech candidate for Seattle mayor? Murray’s exit opens the door to outsiders GeekWire Deals: 99% off a whopping 1TB of secure, reliable Zoolz Dual Cloud Storage Full Video: LinkedIn co-founder Reid Hoffman on startup secrets, Seattle’s tech scene, and more Seattle mayor ends bid for re-election, still denies sexual assault accusations Real estate lawyer sues Zillow, calls Zestimate a ‘tremendous roadblock’ to selling her home Teen wins game of chicken on Twitter: Plea for free Wendy’s nuggets breaks Ellen’s record for retweets Amazon reduces free-shipping threshold for non-Prime members again, down to $25 Amazon unveils $230 touch-screen ‘Echo Show’ and Alexa voice calling Guest post: An entrepreneur’s 6 takeaways from Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger at the annual Berkshire Hathaway meeting Jeff Bezos explains Amazon’s artificial intelligence and machine learning strategy Revealed: Winners of the 2017 GeekWire Awards LinkedIn co-founder Reid Hoffman: This is the common trait of every successful startup Stephen Hawking gives us 100 years to escape Earth – and looks into how to do it Five years after giving up unlimited wireless data, this is the monthly bill UW researchers map widening gap in life expectancy and call for policy changes How F5 Networks emerged from behind the scenes to claim an iconic new Seattle skyscraper Warren Buffett praises Jeff Bezos — but has one word for why he hasn’t purchased Amazon shares Tech investor and ‘Shark Tank’ star Chris Sacca unleashes on Trump, Twitter and scandals at Uber Seattle high school robotics team brings home world championship by beating 400 other groups Surface Pro 5? Microsoft to hold mystery event May 23 in Shanghai Watch: The first plant goes in the ground at Amazon’s Spheres in downtown Seattle How Amazon, Paul Allen and a multi-generational property owner changed Seattle forever Air Force’s X-37B space plane lands in Florida after secret 2-year orbital mission Amazon Web Services cuts EC2 prices once again, as much as 21 percent in some cases F5 Networks will move HQ to glitzy new Seattle skyscraper, to be called ‘F5 Tower’ Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella says he welcomes Trump’s H-1B visa review Avvo sued for sexual harassment, ex-employee claims she was fired after rebuffing ‘unwanted advances’ Nike’s high-tech bid to break the 2-hour marathon record falls just short Real estate lawyer sues Zillow, calls Zestimate a ‘tremendous roadblock’ to selling her home Trending: Warren Buffett praises Jeff Bezos — but has one word for why he hasn’t purchased Amazon shares Space & Science Boeing and Air Force demonstrate new airborne networking system for fighter jets by Alan Boyle on May 8, 2017 at 3:04 pmMay 8, 2017 at 8:41 pm Comments   Share  48 Tweet Share  4 Reddit Email Cloud Tech Summit: Early-bird tix here. Maj. Ric Turner, an F-15 fighter pilot with the 40th Flight Test Squadron, flies a test mission with the Talon HATE Pod slung beneath the F-15’s fuselage. (U.S. Air Force Photo / Brandi Hansen) The Boeing Co. and the U.S. Air Force say they’ve shown that a new type of communication pod for F-15 fighter jets, known as Talon HATE, can link together different types of aircraft and ground stations for secure communications. The Boeing-developed system is designed to knit together the communication systems aboard F-15 jets and other traditional weapons systems, plus the F-22 stealth fighters built for the Air Force by Lockheed Martin. The F-22 uses a special type of networking system that’s optimized for stealthiness but poses a challenge for communication with non-stealth airplanes, as explained in this report from Foxtrot Alpha. During a flight demonstration conducted out of Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada, Talon HATE pods on two F-15C aircraft enabled test pilots to share information through a variety of channels, including the Wideband Global Satcom system, Boeing said in today’s news release. “We’ve completed developmental flight test,” Lt. Col. Christopher Bradley, Air Force Talon HATE manager, said in the release. “We look forward to fielding this system, not only to immediately provide aircrews with actionable information faster and at a higher quality, but also to help the Air Force learn important lessons for the employment of tactical gateway systems in the future.” Paul Geery, vice president of Phantom Works Mission Solutions and Boeing’s Talon HATE manager, said the networking platform represents “a giant leap forward in tactical fighter capability with real-time connectivity and expanded information sharing.” Boeing said further tests will be conducted later this year with advanced sensors. Even after today’s update, there’s much about the networking system that’s still a mystery – including an obvious puzzle: What does “HATE” stand for? Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Comments Share  48 Tweet Share  4 Reddit Email Previous StoryAmazon set to debut new Echo device with touchscreen and phone-calling capabilities Next StoryThose big white signs posted on Seattle development projects are getting a makeover Filed Under: Science  Tagged With: aerospace • Aviation • Boeing • F-15 • Military • Talon HATE GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Boeing works with Donald Trump on cost concerns over Air Force One and Lockheed Martin’s F-35 jets Following Trump’s lead, Pentagon orders reviews of Air Force One, F-35 fighter jets Pentagon awards $2.1 billion contract to Boeing for more KC-46 tanker aircraft After Trump’s tough talk, Pentagon makes $8.9B deal for 90 Lockheed Martin F-35s Previous StoryAmazon set to debut new Echo device with touchscreen and phone-calling capabilities Next StoryThose big white signs posted on Seattle development projects are getting a makeover Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Take cyber security into your own hands with a four-course bundle GeekWire Deals: 99% off a whopping 1TB of secure, reliable Zoolz Dual Cloud Storage Most Popular on GeekWire Jeff Bezos explains Amazon’s artificial intelligence and machine learning strategy Revealed: Winners of the 2017 GeekWire Awards LinkedIn co-founder Reid Hoffman: This is the common trait of every successful startup Stephen Hawking gives us 100 years to escape Earth – and looks into how to do it Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Software Development Manager – BackendOfferUp User Interface DesignerKenworth Truck Company Software Development Engineer – AndroidOfferUp × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8th & June 5th Non-Compete Agreements: Ties that bind the unwary, often unfairly Read More Your Adventure Awaits at Suncadia Your adventure awaits at picksuncadia.com. Igor Institute to Present GeekWire’s 2017 Hardware/Gadget of the Year Read More Invest in a solution for hunger Produce for the People – this time the revolution is online! Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8th & June 5th Non-Compete Agreements: Ties that bind the unwary, often unfairly Read More Your Adventure Awaits at Suncadia Your adventure awaits at picksuncadia.com. Igor Institute to Present GeekWire’s 2017 Hardware/Gadget of the Year Read More Invest in a solution for hunger Produce for the People – this time the revolution is online! Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Aerospace blog Plano, Texas, considers $200K grant to land Boeing office Dan Catchpole Tue May 9th, 2017 4:00pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. The Boeing Co. could get $200,000 from taxpayers for putting its new services division’s headquarters in Plano, Texas, the Dallas Morning News reports. Plano’s city council is considering approving the cash grant, the newspaper reports. Late last year, the company announced the launch of its new Boeing Global Services division to expand its share of the lucrative aftermarket business providing parts, support and other services to airlines and other customers. The headquarters will consist of a small group of about 50 workers reporting to Stanley Deal, head of the new division.   Most Read Everett PE teacher turns space saver into patented invention EVERETT — Johanna Paige Hilde bought her dream home in Everett with… May 9th, 2017 by Victoria Buritsch-Tompkins How to pay for US 2 trestle project is topic of $350K study OLYMPIA — State lawmakers want a better idea of what it will… May 8th, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield Bloody car found in Yakima tied to Everett shooting suspect EVERETT — A string of car prowls in Yakima and a nosy… May 8th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Street Smarts Community Transit starts Paine Field work for rapid bus line Related: More bus rides coming to Paine Field, UW, downtown Seattle The… May 8th, 2017 by Melissa Slager Improvements to Everett schools to begin this summer EVERETT — The Everett School District expects to move ahead this summer… May 8th, 2017 by Chris Winters © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Aerospace blog Boeing sent 580 layoff notices to union workers in April Dan Catchpole Tue May 9th, 2017 3:23pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — The Boeing Co. issued 580 layoff notices in April, according to state records. Most went to union workers: 217 to members of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers and 277 to members of Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace. Some of those people already had been laid off, and received new notices with revised last day of employment. It is not clear how many non-union workers were laid off or received notices with new end dates. Boeing has slashed its workforce in recent years, mostly through buyouts and attrition. The aerospace giant had 70,640 workers in Washington and 146,962 worldwide at the end of March, the most recent data available. Company executives have indicated more layoffs could come later this year.   Most Read Everett PE teacher turns space saver into patented invention EVERETT — Johanna Paige Hilde bought her dream home in Everett with… May 9th, 2017 by Victoria Buritsch-Tompkins How to pay for US 2 trestle project is topic of $350K study OLYMPIA — State lawmakers want a better idea of what it will… May 8th, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield Bloody car found in Yakima tied to Everett shooting suspect EVERETT — A string of car prowls in Yakima and a nosy… May 8th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Street Smarts Community Transit starts Paine Field work for rapid bus line Related: More bus rides coming to Paine Field, UW, downtown Seattle The… May 8th, 2017 by Melissa Slager Improvements to Everett schools to begin this summer EVERETT — The Everett School District expects to move ahead this summer… May 8th, 2017 by Chris Winters © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Connect With Us Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Program Management Corner Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Military Trainers Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > Aviation Week & Space Technology > Opinion: Why Things Are Looking Up For Boeing Military Aircraft You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Opinion: Why Things Are Looking Up For Boeing Military Aircraft May 10, 2017 Richard Aboulafia | Aviation Week & Space Technology EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 When Boeing lost the U.S. Air Force Long-Range Strike Bomber competition in 2015, the consequences for the company’s military aircraft unit, and its defense business in general, looked dire. There were no remaining U.S. combat aircraft competitions, and even the Air Force T-X trainer contract looked like a long shot. Worse, the military unit’s long-running but highly profitable fixed-wing legacy platforms were winding down, with few hopes for export wins or resumed U.S. ... SUBSCRIBE TO ACCESS THIS ARTICLE "Opinion: Why Things Are Looking Up For Boeing Military Aircraft" is part of Aviation Week & Space Technology’s subscription package. Click “subscribe now” below to view your options.     Current Aviation Week & Space Technology magazine subscribers: simply use your subscriber email to log in to your account (or contact us for assistance in updating your account).   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access. SUBSCRIBE NOW Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Opinion: After the C-17, A Tier Of Choices 91   How Often Does The F-35 Need To Refuel? 293   Opinion: A New Bomber For $550 Million? Not Likely 173   Pentagon Sees F-35 Having Air Superiority For 30 Years 189   Controversy Flares Over F-35 Air Combat Report 323   Aviation Week & Space Technology   Aviation Week & Space Technology delivers award-winning intelligence into emerging trends, programs and operational best practices to the global aviation, aerospace and defense industry. Subscribe   Advertisement Newsletter Signup Sign-up to receive our free newsletters Aviation Week newsletter - (Daily) View Sample E-mail: Country: Select countryUNITED STATESCANADAABU DHABIADENAFGHANISTANAL HUCEMAS ISALBANIAALGERIAANDAMAN ISANDORRAANGOLAANGUILLAANTIGUAARGENTINAARMENIAARUBAASCENSION ISAUSTRALIAAUSTRIAAZERBAIJANAZORES ISBAHAMASBAHRAINBANGLADESHBARBADOSBARBUDABELARUSBELEARIC ISBELGIUMBELIZEBENINBERMUDABHUTANBOLIVIABORNEOBOSNIA-HERZEGOVINABOTSWANABRAZILBRITISH VIRGIN ISBRITISH WEST INDIESBRUNEIBULGARIABURKINA FASOBURUNDICAMBODIACAMEROONCANARY ISLANDSCAPE VERDE ISLANDSCAYMAN ISLANDSCENTRAL AFRICAN REPCHADCHAFERINAS ISCHANNEL ISCHATHAM ISCHILECHINACOCO ISLANDCOLOMBIACOMOROSCONGOCOOK ISCOOK ISLANDSCOSTA RICACROATIACUBACYPRUSCZECH REPUBLICDENMARKDJIBOUTIDOMINICADOMINICAN REPUBLICEAST TIMORECUADOREGYPTEL SALVADORENGLANDERITREAESTONIAETHIOPIAFAEROE ISLANDSFALKLAND ISLANDSFIJIFINLANDFRANCEFRENCH GUIANAFRENCH POLYNESIAFRENCH WEST INDIESFUTUNA ISLANDSGABONGAMBIAGAZA STRIPGEORGIAGERMANYGHANAGIBRALTARGILBERT ISGREECEGREENLANDGRENADAGUADELOUPEGUATEMALAGUERNSEYGUINEAGUYANAHAITIHONDURASHONG KONGHUNGARYICELANDINDIAINDONESIAIRANIRAQIRELANDISLE OF MANISRAELITALYIVORY COASTJAMAICAJAPANJORDANKAZAKHSTANKENYAKIRGHIZIAKIRIBATIKOSOVOKUWAITKYRGYZSTANLAOSLATVIALEBANONLESOTHOLIBERIALIBYALIECHTENSTEINLITHUANIALUXEMBOURGMACAOMACEDONIAMADAGASCARMALAGASYMALAWIMALAYSIAMALDIVESMALIMALTAMARSHALL ISLANDSMARTINIQUEMAURITANIAMAURITIUSMAYOTTEMEXICOMICRONESIAMOLDOVAMOLUCA ISMONACOMONGOLIAMONTENEGROMONTSERRATMOROCCOMOZAMBIQUEMYANMARNAMIBIANAURUNEPALNETHERLAND ANTILLESNETHERLANDSNEVISNEW CALEDONIANEW GUINEANEW ZEALANDNICARAGUANIGERNIGERIANORTH KOREANORTHERN IRELANDNORWAYOMANORKNEY ISPAKISTANPALAUPALESTINEPANAMAPARACEL ISLANDSPARAGUAYPERUPHILIPPINESPHOENIX ISPITCAIRN ISPOLANDPORTUGALQATARREUNIONROMANIARUSSIARWANDASAN MARINOSAO TOME E PRINCIPESARAWAKSAUDI ARABIASCOTLANDSENEGALSERBIASEYCHELLESSIERRA LEONESINGAPORESLOVAK REPUBLICSLOVENIASOLOMON ISLANDSSOMALIASOUTH AFRICASOUTH KOREASPAINSRI LANKAST CROIXST KITTSST LUCIAST MAARTENST MARTINST PIERREST VINCENTSUDANSURINAMESWAZILANDSWEDENSWITZERLANDSYRIATAHITITAIWANTAJIKISTANTANZANIATASMANIATHAILANDTIBETTOGOTONGATRINIDAD AND TOBAGOTUNISIATURKEYTURKMENISTANTURKS ISLANDTUVALUUGANDAUKRAINEUNITED ARAB EMIRATESURUGUAYUZBEKISTANVANUATUVATICAN CITYVENEZUELAVIETNAMWALESWALLIS ISLANDWESTERN SAHARAWESTERN SAMOAYEMENZAIREZAMBIAZIMBABWE By clicking below, I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton's or its third-party partners' products, services, events and research opportunities. Penton's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy.* Subscribe Advertisement Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Micro Tactical Ground Robot Market – Demand for Micro Tactical Ground Robots to Remain High for Explosive Ordinance Disposal Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/09/2017 — According to a new report by Transparency Market Research (TMR), the global micro tactical ground robots market is highly competitive, owing to the presence of a large pool of participants. The top six players, namely, QinetiQ, Boeing Co., Thales S.A., Roboteam, Northrop Grumman, and iRobot Corp., together held nearly 64% of the overall market in 2016. The market is technology driven and, hence, the leading players heavily concentrate on technological advancements to expand their business. Over the coming years, their focus is expected to shift towards strategic partnerships in order to strengthen their positions in this market, states the report. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/micro-tactical-ground-robot-market.html Analysts at TMR expect the opportunity in the worldwide market for micro tactical ground robots to rise at a CAGR of 17.30% during the period from 2017 to 2025, increasing from a US$1.57 bn in 2016 to US$6.36 bn by the end of the forecast period. The explosive ordinance disposal segment has been reporting the most prominent demand for these robots across the world. Thanks to the augmenting usage of these robots in ensuring public safety by detecting and diffusing explosives kept in public places and vehicles, this trend is likely to remain same over the next few years. Tele-operated Micro Tactical Ground Robots to Report Strong Demand The research report has considered tethered, tele-operated, semi-autonomous, and autonomous modes as the main modes of operations for micro tactical ground robots. Among these, the tele-operated robots registered a higher demand than others with a share of more than 50% in 2016. The trend is expected to continue on the same line in the near future with the increasing popularity of tele-operated robots. Thanks to the gradual development of wireless technology, the efficiency of tele-operated ground robots is anticipated to enhance over the next few years, reflecting greatly on their sales. However, growing trend towards autonomous robotics is likely to increase the demand for semi-autonomous and autonomous robots extensively in the years to come. The rising need for lesser control of human operators is projected to raise the demand for these robots in coming years. Geographically, the study segments the global market in the Middle East and Africa, North America, Europe, Latin America, and Asia pacific. Among these, North America dominated the overall market in 2016 with a share of 45%, thanks to the increased deployment of these robots in warfare by the U.S. In the coming years, this regional market is expected to retain its position on the grounds of the increasing uptake of military robotics, thanks to the rise in spending of the U.S. government on defense and military. The advancements in robotics technology is also anticipated to boost the North America market for micro tactical ground robots. Increasing Government Spending on Defense to Boost Market’s Growth „The increasing government spending on defense and military across the world is having the most prominent impact on the global micro tactical ground robot market”, says a researcher at TMR. With the growing concern for national security, governments of developed and emerging economies have increased their spending on military and defense, which is reflecting significantly on the uptake of these robots. In addition, the extensive investments in military robotics is likely to propel this market over the next few years. Fill The Form For An Exclusive Sample Of This Report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=23345 On the other hand, the high maintenance costs of tactical ground robots may hamper the growth of this market in the years to come, states the research study. The study presented here is based on a report by Transparency Market Research (TMR), titled „Micro Tactical Ground Robot Market (Application – Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance, Law Enforcement, Explosive Ordinance Disposal, and Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives (CBRNE) and Hazardous Material (HAZMAT); Mode of Operation – Tethered, Tele-Operated, Semi-Autonomous, Autonomous) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2017 – 2025.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Power Semiconductor Switches Market Outlook and Opportunities in Grooming Regions; Edition 2017-2021 Next PostNext Bell Canada announces redemption price for Series M-35 debentures due September 2017 Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Defense News Boeing demonstrates integrated aircraft communications system By Richard Tomkins   |   May 9, 2017 at 1:46 PM Follow @upi Comments May 9 (UPI) -- U.S. Air Force F-15Cs have demonstrated the ability to securely communicate with other aircraft and ground stations using a Boeing-developed networking system, the company announced Monday. The sharing of information took place during recent test flights at Nellis Air Force Base, Nev., using Talon HATE airborne pods. The pods enabled the F-15C pilots to share information through the military's Link 16, Common Data Link and Wideband Global SATCOM satellites. Boeing said that in addition the tests validated intra-flight datalink network capabilities used by F-22 aircraft. "We've completed developmental flight test," Lt. Col. Christopher Bradley, Air Force Talon HATE manager, said in a press release. "We look forward to fielding this system, not only to immediately provide aircrews with actionable information faster and at a higher quality, but also to help the Air Force learn important lessons for the employment of tactical gateway systems in the future." "This aerial network is a giant leap forward in tactical fighter capability with real-time connectivity and expanded information sharing," said Paul Geery, vice president of Phantom Works Mission Solutions and Boeing's Talon HATE program manager. "We are now demonstrating secure datalink connections between F-15Cs and F-22s in a way that integrates information for the pilot into a common operating picture." Boeing said additional tests on the system using advanced sensors for improved aircraft targeting will be held later his year. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Romanian air force contracts for F-16 simulator system Leonardo partners with Britain for new aircraft decoy system Lockheed Martin introduces quiet, lightweight variant of Indago drone Comments Latest Headlines Germany to reactivate Leopard 2 tanks 10 hours ago ago May 9 (UPI) -- The German military announced it has contracted with Krauss-Maffel Wegmann for the upgrading of 104 Leopard 2 tanks that have been brought out of storage. Romanian air force contracts for F-16 simulator system 13 hours ago ago May 9 (UPI) -- Lockheed Martin has secured a contract to deliver a comprehensive, tailored training system based on the fighter jet, the company announced Monday. Leonardo partners with Britain for new aircraft decoy system 14 hours ago ago May 9 (UPI) -- Leonardo is partnering with the British Royal Air Force's Rapid Capability Office to develop the next generation of decoy counter-measures for fighter aircraft. Lockheed Martin introduces quiet, lightweight variant of Indago drone 15 hours ago ago May 9 (UPI) -- Lockheed Martin is touting its newest variant of the Indago quadrotor drone for sensitive intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance missions. Northrop Grumman awarded contract for missile defense development 16 hours ago ago May 9 (UPI) -- Northrop Grumman has been awarded a $332 million modification for further research and development of missile systems for the Department of Defense. Trending Stories Trump fires FBI Director James Comey; Democrats question timing Report: China may shut down bridge to North Korea Brave deer casually licks turkey hunter's shotgun barrel Michigan driver blames spider in car for rollover crash Joe Mixon leads top 5 fantasy football rookies PHOTOS Derek Jeter, Shaq take over trading firm for charity Preparing for the 143rd Kentucky Derby Kendall Jenner, Katy Perry, Rihanna go bold for Met Gala TV stars shine at Daytime Emmy Awards Thousands participate in People's Climate March Johnny Depp, star of 'Pirates of the Caribbean,' through the years Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Mobil Jet™ Oil 387 Now Approved for Pratt & Whitney PW4000 Engines SPRING, Texas–(BUSINESS WIRE)–ExxonMobil today announced that Mobil JetTM Oil 387, a synthetic High Performance Capability turbine engine oil, has been approved by Pratt & Whitney for use in its popular series of PW4000 engines. First introduced in 1984, Pratt & Whitney’s PW4000 engines are used to power some of the world’s most widely used aircraft, such as the Airbus A300, A310 and A330, and Boeing’s 747, 767, 777 and KC-46. “This latest approval for Mobil Jet Oil 387 exemplifies how leading engine builders and airlines continue to recognize the benefits that this high-performance oil has to offer,” said Vipin Rana, global aviation lubricants sales manager at ExxonMobil. “We know that many airlines are excited to see Mobil Jet Oil 387 garner this approval from Pratt & Whitney, and we’re confident that they will value the opportunity to use it to protect their aircraft powered by PW4000 engines.” The most advanced turbine engine oil that ExxonMobil has ever produced, Mobil Jet Oil 387 is known for its ability to deliver outstanding deposit control, oxidative stability and seal compatibility. It meets demanding industry specifications, including SAE AS5780 High Performance Capability and U.S. Military Specification MIL-PRF-23699-HTS, and is approved for use by engine manufacturers in a wide range of models and components. The approval process for Mobil Jet Oil 387 consisted of multi-year evaluations in various PW4000 engine models. Test results validated that Mobil Jet Oil 387 can help provide outstanding protection for all engines within the PW4000 series. All Mobil Jet-branded oils, including Mobil Jet Oil 387, Mobil JetTM Oil II and Mobil JetTM Oil 254, are approved for use in PW4000 engine models. All Mobil Jet turbine lubricants, including Mobil Jet Oil 387, are produced at ExxonMobil’s state-of-the-art Port Allen aviation lubricants plant in Baton Rouge, LA. The 90,000 square foot facility, which commenced operations in 2016, features advanced equipment and technologies that enable ExxonMobil to produce reliable supply of Mobil Jet oils and meet the increasing demands for high-performance synthetic aviation lubricants. To learn how using Mobil Jet oils can help your business, visit www.mobiljetoil.com. To receive social media updates from ExxonMobil Aviation, follow us on our LinkedIn page. About ExxonMobil ExxonMobil, the largest publicly traded international oil and gas company, uses technology and innovation to help meet the world’s growing energy needs. We hold an industry-leading inventory of resources and are one of the largest integrated refiners, marketers of petroleum products and chemical manufacturers. For more information, visit www.exxonmobil.com or follow us on Twitter www.twitter.com/exxonmobil. About High-Performance Capability Oils The High Performance Capability (HPC) classification represents the highest aviation industry standard for aviation turbine engine oils. To meet the HPC classification, oils must deliver exceptional overall performance, high levels of oxidation resistance and outstanding deposit control. Mobil Jet Oil 387 is certified as a HPC oil. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Infrared Gas Sensors Market 2017: DORMA, GEZE, Stanley, Hager, ASSA ABLOY Next PostNext Trends and Opportunities in the Indian Packaging Industry 2017: Analysis of changing packaging trends in the Food, Cosmetics and Toiletries, Beverages and Other Industries – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Military & Defense BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The Air Force's deadliest drone just got a whole lot deadlier Jared Keller, Task & Purpose May 9, 2017, 12:16 PM 3,750 facebook linkedin twitter email print A U.S. Air Force MQ-9 Reaper drone sits in a hanger at Creech Air Force Base May 19, 2016. Reuters/Josh Smith The MQ-9 Reaper drone is already the deadliest UAV in the U.S. Air Force’s arsenal. Designed with a payload capacity of 3,700 pounds and armament of AGM-114 Hellfire missiles and GBU-12 Paveway II bombs, it’s no wonder that Air Force officials announced in February that the Reaper would gradually come to replace the iconic MG-1 Predator drone as a fixture of the global war on terror. But the Reaper’s about to get a decidedly deadly upgrade. On May 5, officials at Creech Air Force Base in Nevada announced Monday that airmen from the 432nd Wing/432nd Air Expeditionary Wing had successfully deployed a GBU-38 Joint Direct Attack Munition (JDAM) from an MQ-9 Reaper — the first time the drone has dropped the ubiquitous GPS-guided weapon in its decade of service. “We had a great opportunity to drop the first live GBU-38s in training,” an instructor pilot from the 26th Weapons Squadron out of Nellis Air Force Base who participated in the test last week, identified as “Capt. Scott,” said in a statement . “The GBU-38 is a weapon we’ve been trying to get on the MQ-9 for several years now, and we had the opportunity to be the first to drop during training.” Boeing’s GPS-based JDAM guidance kit — used to convert conventional “dumb” ordnance into “smart” bombs — has been around since 1997. But until recently, the Pentagon didn’t see JDAMs as a viable substitute for the laser-guided ordnance like the Reaper’s existing arsenal of Paveway II bombs. The War Zone explains :   While the GPS-guided weapons could reliably hit within 50 feet of static targets, laser-guided weapons could regularly manage to get within 10 feet of the aim point. Advanced laser-guidance systems – either inside the launching aircraft or the bomb itself – can also calculate the distance necessary to “lead” moving targets, too. But laser-directed weapons weren’t perfect, either. Most importantly, smoke, dust, and just bad weather could distort the laser beam or blind the seeker in the bomb, throwing it off target. This could potentially put troops or innocent civilians on the ground in danger and outright prevent pilots from providing badly needed support. And aviators had to get relatively close to either “lase” the specific point themselves or spot the beam another aircraft or troops on the ground were projecting on the target. JDAM offered a stand-off range up to 15 miles, depending on how high the aircraft was flying and where the enemy was situated down below. The JDAM has since become the weapon of choice for U.S.-led aerial campaigns, especially as Boeing incorporated laser-guidance features into its J-series line of munitions. In recent years, weapons manufacturers have ramped up production in response to the intensifying bombing campaign against ISIS executed by the U.S.-led multinational coalition since 2014 — and as the U.S. continues operations in desert theaters like Iraq, Syria and Afghanistan, “dust storms” simply won’t fly as an excuse for a missed target. An MQ-Reaper remotely piloted aircraft performs aerial maneuvers over Creech Air Force Base, Nev., June 25, 2015. The MQ-9 Reaper is an armed, multi-mission, medium-altitude, long endurance remotely piloted aircraft that is employed primarily as an intelligence-collection asset and secondarily against dynamic execution targets. Senior Airman Cory D. Payne/US Air Force The GBU-38, just like the Hellfire and GBU-12, is a very accurate weapon and the fact that it’s GPS-guided gives us another versatile way to guide the weapon, specifically, through inclement weather onto targets,” Capt. Scott said. But the hidden bonus of the Reaper’s JDAM upgrade is an unintended one. As the War Zone points out, military drones can only currently carry a maximum of four JDAMs and GBU-12/B bombs (and eight Hellfire missiles). But future structural changes to the Reaper would open up more explosive possibilities for the UAV downrange: However, a standard architecture for lobbing GPS-directed weapons on the Reaper would let the entire fleet employ a whole suite of existing weapons, as well as new munitions in development or already on the market. The most important of these would likely be the Boeing Small Diameter Bomb (SDB) and Raytheon’s up-coming SDB II. These 250-pound class glide bombs have proven ideal choices for attacking small targets in crowded environments… Lockheed, Orbital ATK, Raytheon, and Textron are all offering new, small GPS- or combination GPS/INS and laser-guided bombs and missiles, pushing particularly hard with racks that hold multiple weapons aimed small aircraft and drones. Textron says three of its diminutive Fury glide bombs can fit in place of a single Hellfire and Orbital ATK is working on various options for its tiny Hatchet and Hammer weapons. Suck it, Blue Öyster Cult: If you’re on the wrong side of the U.S. Air Force, you should definitely fear the Reaper.   Read more: Top IoT Companies to Watch & Invest In Best IoT Conferences & Expos IoT Wearable Devices & Technology How the IoT Will Affect Security & Privacy Ultimate IoT Research Bundle Read the original article on Task & Purpose. Copyright 2017. Follow Task & Purpose on Twitter. More from Task & Purpose: SEE ALSO: Watch the Navy's LOCUST launcher fire a swarm of drones NOW WATCH: China built a $350 million bridge that ends in a dirt field in North Korea Loading video... More: Task & Purpose Drones Military Air Force MQ-9 Reaper drone facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The Air Force's deadliest drone just got a whole lot deadlier The Air Force's deadliest drone just got a whole lot deadlier The MQ-9 Reaper drone is already the deadliest... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured WATCH! This week's episode of The Bottom Line with Henry Blodget More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Military & Defense Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman AWE 2017 Announces Keynote Speakers and Agenda for World’s Largest AR+VR Conference SANTA CLARA, Calif., May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — AWE (Augmented World Expo), the world’s largest and longest running conference and expo dedicated to augmented and virtual reality, today announced its most comprehensive agenda ever of AR+VR technologists and Fortune 500 keynotes and sessions for AWE 2017. AWE has become the must-attend event focusing on the world-changing power of AR+VR, with individuals and industry coming together to share applications that will profoundly shape the future of work and life. AWE’s extraordinary agenda this year includes 300+ speakers, with keynotes by „Shots of Awe” filmmaker, philosopher and futurist Jason Silva, „The Fourth Transformation” author and Transformative Group partner Robert Scoble, and game designer, author and Carnegie Mellon scholar Jesse Schell. Reflecting the rapid proliferation of AR+VR technologies across all public and private sectors, new additions to the AWE lineup include major mainstream brands, like Audi, the U.S. Olympic Committee, NASA, Boeing, Lowe’s, Shazam, Wayfair, Walmart, 3M, Technicolor and Bosch, as well as technology icons Google, Epson, Huawei, Intel, Microsoft, NVIDIA, Oculus, Unity, Qualcomm, Samsung, Sony and Vuforia. Historically, AWE has annually hosted the longest and most inventive list of AR+VR startups to be seen anywhere, including CN2, innovation.rocks, Kopin, ODG, DAQRI, Meta, RE’FLEKT, Scope AR, twnkls, Wikitude, Zappar and many more. The eighth annual AWE conference will welcome thousands of attendees from around the world to the Santa Clara Convention Center, May 31-June 2. Event details and registration are live at http://www.augmentedworldexpo.com. AR+VR technology industry visionaries – Attendees will hear keynotes and discussion panels on the future of AR+VR consumer and enterprise technology led by industry futurists and pioneers, hardware, software and mainstream brands, and investors and venture capitalists. Noted industry executives scheduled to speak on the AWE stage include: Jim Heppelmann, President & CEO, PTC Rikard Steiber – President Viveport & SVP Virtual Reality, HTC Vive Achin Bhowmik – Vice President & General Manager, Perceptual Computing Group, Intel Zvi Greenstein – General Manager, Nvidia Gaia Dempsey – Co-founder & VP, DAQRI Ralph Osterhout – CEO, Osterhout Design Group Tony Parisi – Global Head of VR/AR, Unity Technologies Mounir Zok – Director of Technology & Innovation, United States Olympic Committee Jerri Ellsworth – Co-founder, castAR Tim Leland – VP Product Management, Qualcomm Jay Wright, President & General Manager, Vuforia, PTC Rachel Sibley – VP Product, Leap Motion Edward Tang – Co-founder & CTO, Avegant Meron Gribetz – Founder & CEO, Meta Max Cecchini – VP Digital Innovation, Luxottica Ana Serrano – Chief Digital Officer, Canadian Film Centre Tish Shute – Director AR/VR, Corporate Technology Strategy, Huawei Fabio Santini – Chief Product Officer, Shazam Kyle Nel – Executive Director of Lowe’s Innovation Labs, Lowe’s Home Improvement John C.C. Fan – CEO & Chairman of the Board, Kopin Corporation Richard Lucquet – Head of AR/VR Product & Strategy, Verizon Gary Radburn – Director of VR/AR, Dell Tom Furness – Founder, Virtual Worlds Society Ruth Bram – Producer, Oculus/Facebook Steven Feiner – Professor, Columbia University More than 300 breakout sessions covering many of AR+VR tech’s hottest topics – Sessions will be presented from AR+VR thought leaders on best practices and uses cases of AR+VR within the consumer and enterprise space along with workshops tailored for designers and developers on creating content for these technologies. AWE 2017 sessions cover a wide range of topics including manufacturing, training, transportation, retail, healthcare, aerospace, media, entertainment, marketing and advertising and more. Supporting quotes „Together, iconic technology companies, Fortune 500 brands and pure platform startups are building groundbreaking experiences and business models using augmented and virtual reality, at a pace we’ve never seen before,” said Ori Inbar, founder and executive producer of AWE. „We are excited to have AWE back in Silicon Valley this year for what we expect to be our biggest and most inclusive event yet. AWE has become the premier deal-making marketplace for the AR+VR industry, where Fortune 500 companies find business solutions, strategic partnerships are forged, funds raised, talent hired, and new startups are born.” „IDC* recently projected that the augmented and virtual reality spend will grow from $6.1 billion last year to $143.3 billion by 2020,” said Tom Emrich, partner, Super Ventures and co-producer of AWE. „This implies an imminent seismic shift in AR+VR technology use from primarily consumer entertainment and retail experiences to the broader world of sales, training, field work, energy, military and medical applications—all of which echo the theme for this year’s event ‚Superpowers to Change the World.'”  „The augmented reality revolution fulfills the dream of turning our minds inside out,” said Jason Silva, „Shots of Awe” filmmaker and AWE 2017 keynoter. „With applications and experiences poised to transform every facet of modern life, I am very excited to participate in this year’s AWE.” In search for the best-of-the-best in AR+VR with the Auggie Awards Each year, companies big and small pave the way for the continued success of AR+VR through unexpected innovations. The coveted Auggie Awards have recognized these contributions annually since 2010. Now in its 8th year, the Auggies continue to showcase the best-of-the-best with 200 nominations across 10 categories.  Public voting is open April 29 to May 22 via the Auggie Awards portal. Winners will be announced at AWE USA 2017 on June 1, 2017. More about Augmented World Expo AWE (Augmented World Expo) is the largest AR+VR conference and expo showcasing technologies which are augmenting our human capabilities, turning ordinary experiences into the extraordinary and empowering people to be better at anything they do in work and life: Superpowers to the People. AWE USA 2017 will feature over 300 speakers and 200 exhibitors leading the charge in augmented and virtual reality. Join over PTC attendees to explore over 100,000 square feet of cutting-edge demonstrations. For more information and to register to attend, please visit www.augmentedworldexpo.com. Journalists can request a complimentary press pass to Augmented Reality Expo 2017 by emailing jennifer@lightspeedpr.com. Please follow Augmented World Expo on twitter at @ARealityEvent and #AWE2017. More about Augmentedreality.org AWE is produced by AugmentedReality.ORG a 501 (c) (6) non-profit organization. All profits are reinvested in AR.ORG‚s services. Its mission is to Advance Augmented Reality to Advance Humanity. It’s Goal: 1 billion active users of AR by 2020. AR.org facilitates and catalyzes the global and regional transformation of the AR industry by Educating and boosting awareness about the real power of AR  Connecting the best talent around the world with the best in AR  Hatching AR initiatives and helping bring them to market *Source: IDC Worldwide Semiannual Augmented and Virtual Reality Spending Guide, February 2017 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/awe-2017-announces-keynote-speakers-and-agenda-for-worlds-largest-arvr-conference-300454339.html SOURCE Augmented World Expo Related Links http://www.augmentedworldexpo.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNot For Profit, Trade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious National Western Life Group, Inc. Announces 2017 First Quarter Earnings Next PostNext 1450 Franklin, San Francisco’s Highly Anticipated Boutique Condominium Property, Achieves 70 Percent Sold Milestone Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
10/05/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Newsletter Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Video Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Programs Europe State of the union World World news Insiders Focus Insight The global conversation Cop22 View Aid zone Business Markets Business line Miptv – mipcom Business planet Real economy Target Sport The corner Speed Gravity Culture Cinema Postcards Cult Metropolitans Musica Life Adventures Sci-tech Futuris Smart care Sci-tech Boarding pass Space All programs Channels Living It Savoir-faire Savoir-vivre Style & trends Cuisine & wellness Travel & design Rides & experiences News Europe World Business Sport Quotes Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech Video No Comment Bulletin Live European affairs Europe All views World 10/05/2017 Trump triggers political storm over Comey sacking Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "If the administration had objections to the way Director Comey handled the Clinton investigation, they had those objections the minute the president got into office.But they didn't fire him. Then why did it happen today?"" Chuck Schumer US Senate Democratic leader World 10/05/2017 'Party divisions' as far-right Marechal-Le Pen says she's quiting politics Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view ""Socialist party id dead"" Manuel Valls Former French Prime Minister World 09/05/2017 US to arm Syrian Kurds in battle with ISIL to retake Raqqa Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view ""We're keenly aware of the security concerns of our coalition partners in Turkey"" Sean Spicer White House Spokesman Business 09/05/2017 Battle for the bottle: cork fight back Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Consumers all over the world have huge preference for cork stoppers" Joao Rui Ferreira APCOR, Portugal's cork producers' association World 09/05/2017 Third arrest in German army attack probe Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We are not through the worst of it yet" Ursula von der Leyen Defence Minister Business 09/05/2017 EU warns Macron over French budget deficit Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I am convinced that France can and must now emerge from the European Commission's excessive deficit procedure" Pierre Moscovici European Commissioner for Economic and Financial Affairs World 09/05/2017 Brexit questioned as Labour launches UK election campaign Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The question now is what sort of Brexit we want." Jeremy Corbyn Labour Party leader World 09/05/2017 Christian governor of Jakarta imprisoned for blasphemy Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet more quotes Weather Bulletin Live Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > World > Secret space plane lands in Florida Now Reading: Secret space plane lands in Florida USA 08/05/2017 Secret space plane lands in Florida Today's Top Stories USA 10/05/2017 Trump triggers political storm over Comey sacking Syria 09/05/2017 US to arm Syrian Kurds in battle with ISIL to retake Raqqa Iraq 09/05/2017 Mosul offensive "in final phase" Aa Aa Editor's choice world news 09/05/2017 'The Journey' of two men who buried the hatchet and brought peace to Northern... world news 08/05/2017 Banksy shows workman removing star from EU flag world news 09/05/2017 Liberty, equality, subversion: French ballot box humour last updated: 08/05/2017 Catherine Hardy The US military’s experimental X-37B space plane has landed at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida. It has returned to Earth after completing a classified mission that lasted nearly two years, according to the US Air Force. Who was on board? No one. The unmanned X-37B touched down at 0747 am local time on a runway formerly used for landings of the now-mothballed space shuttles. When did it take off? The Boeing-built space plane blasted off in May 2015 from nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station aboard an Atlas 5 rocket built by United Launch Alliance. ULA is a partnership between Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing. What did it do in space? The X-37B conducted unspecified experiments for more than 700 days while in orbit. It was the fourth and lengthiest mission so far for the secretive program, which is managed by the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office. Are there plans for more missions? Yes. The Air force intends to launch the fifth X-37B mission from Cape Canaveral later this year. In tweets Ce matin, le #x37b s'est posé en Floride après 718 jours dans l'espace à faire… on ne sait quoi. Checkez cet atterrissage! pic.twitter.com/hoBj8cdsQf— AstroVicnet 🇫🇷 🌎 (@AstroVicnet) 7 mai 2017 Yesterday usairforce</a>’s <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/X37B?src=hash">#X37B</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/OTV4?src=hash">#OTV4</a> landed after 718 days of on-orbit experiments. Here’s a shot of launch atop <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/AtlasV?src=hash">#AtlasV</a> in May 2015. <a href="https://t.co/qnUefWyxAa">pic.twitter.com/qnUefWyxAa</a></p>&mdash; ULA (ulalaunch) 8 mai 2017 #AirForce's X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle mission 4 lands at #NASA 's Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing https://t.co/Iqh3xxdgKs pic.twitter.com/EB4YhJZfwJ— DVIDSHub (@DVIDSHub) 7 mai 2017 [#Technology] Air Force's X-37B space plane lands in Florida after an unprecedented 718 day secret mission https://t.co/Zs4nN7ql0b pic.twitter.com/eOVLo5M4tF— SAGER (@SARL_SAGER) 7 mai 2017 Share this article: More about: Space mission NASA USA Florida Air force Most viewed USA 10/05/2017 Trump triggers political storm over Comey sacking USA 10/05/2017 Trump "terminates" FBI chief James Comey Iraq 09/05/2017 Mosul offensive "in final phase" Thailand 09/05/2017 Car bomb explodes outside Thai supermarket world news 09/05/2017 Down but not out: the curious case of Belgium's graffiti ghost town Flashback: one year ago Pakistan 10/05/2016 Pakistan: Ex-PM's son rescued in Afghanistan Russia 10/05/2016 Russia gives heroes welcome to Cuban spies Sport 10/05/2016 Stephen Curry the hottest MVP in NBA history Philippines 10/05/2016 Rodrigo Duterte: from "The Punisher" to president France 10/05/2016 French cabinet votes to force through controversial labour reforms Editor's choice world news 09/05/2017 'The Journey' of two men who buried the hatchet and brought peace to Northern... world news 08/05/2017 Banksy shows workman removing star from EU flag world news 09/05/2017 Liberty, equality, subversion: French ballot box humour world news 09/05/2017 Down but not out: the curious case of Belgium's graffiti ghost town focus 08/05/2017 Extremists’ prey - the young and vulnerable world news 08/05/2017 What Emmanuel Macron has said about Brexit world news 09/05/2017 United Airlines: Owners of giant dead rabbit suspect foul play world news 04/05/2017 Huge new iceberg twice the size of Luxembourg 'could be imminent' no comment 30/04/2017 Finns compete in annual hobby horse championship Next Article world news 08/05/2017 Commemorations to mark the end of WWII across Europe Today's Top Stories USA 10/05/2017 Trump triggers political storm over Comey sacking Syria 09/05/2017 US to arm Syrian Kurds in battle with ISIL to retake Raqqa Iraq 09/05/2017 Mosul offensive "in final phase" Channels Weather Bulletin Live Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Browse today's tags France Emmanuel Macron French presidential election 2017 Russia USA Immigration Politics Clashes and riots Verticals Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Quotes Topics Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video Programs Channels Live Bulletin Weather Just In Widgets & Services Euronews radio Africanews Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video Programmes 10/05/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Newsletter
X SORRY, No RESULTS FOUND LOAD MORE Technology notification hi, my dashboard profile setting logout sign in / sign up Home News Apps Science And Future FOR YOU Trending US Air Force’s Secret Space Plane Lands After Two Years In Earth Orbit, Won't Say What... 895 SHARES Home News india world sports weird Technology News Apps Science And Future Lifestyle self style who we are travel food Entertainment bollywood celebscoop hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Sports Videos Trending Home > Technology > News US Air Force’s Secret Space Plane Lands After Two Years In Earth Orbit, Won't Say What It Does Abhishek Saksena May 09, 2017 895 SHARES US Air Force's secret space plane, the Boeing built X37-B landed in Florida recently, after nearly 2 years in space. Its mission? Well that's classified. USAF With a length of 29 feet and a wingspan of 15 feet, it looks like the NASA space shuttle, although it’s officially called the Orbital Test Vehicle (OTV). All USAF says is that it “performs risk reduction, experimentation and concept-of-operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies”. Yeah right. Whatever that means. The #X37B #OTV4 is the newest and most advanced re-entry spacecraft. Find out more about today's landing here: https://t.co/GUGgOMQiYg pic.twitter.com/HfHHVnWhYc — U.S. Air Force (@usairforce) May 7, 2017 Anyhow USAF did release this video of it landing on the runway once used for Space shuttle missions. But with the secrecy surrounding the space plane, many believe that it is being used for spying or possibly even the testing of space weapons. USAF There are just two of these space planes in existence according to publicly available information, and this was the longest OTV mission ever. The next launch is planned for the end of the year. The plot thickens... With inputs from agencies. Don't Miss This Young Scientist From Jaipur Just Jumped From NASA To The US Army With A Rs 1.2 Crore... 22.2K SHARES Delhi's Air Quality Shows Signs Of Improvement, Thanks To Strict Ban On Crop Fires 469 SHARES German Scientists Turn On World's Largest Artificial Sun For The First Time At 3500 Celsius 7.9K SHARES Warren Buffett Reveals How Bill Gates Only Preferred Hiring IIT Engineers At Microsoft 7.7K SHARES Reliance Jio Is Currently Offering 100% Cashback On Purchase Of Its 4G Hotspot JioFi Router 7K SHARES 895 SHARES PROMOTED STORIES The 10 Most Comfortable Cars On The Market, All Under $30K Kelley Blue Book 20 Cars to Avoid At All Costs in 2017 SheBudgets.com If You Own a Computer You Must Try This Game Pirates: Free Online Game 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,.. TheFinancialWord.com Inspire a brighter future with five FREE digital stories. PNC Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear… The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon just in News Reliance Jio Will Soon Offer 100Mbps Fiber Broadband Connections With A Free 90 Day Trial Partner 6 Ways Our Parents Have Always Proved That We Are So Precious To Them 1K SHARES Apps The 'Shazam For Plantlife' App, Lets You Identify That Plant In Your Garden With Just A Photo Driver Weekly 20 Odd American Cars | #4 Is Just Embarrassing Partner 7 Heart-Warming Ideas To Surprise Your Mom On Mother’s Day & Make Her Feel Special 330 SHARES Gadgets Oukitel Is Launching The K10000 Pro Next Month, A Smartphone With a Giant 10,000mAh Battery 117 SHARES Science And Future An Indian-Origin Professor Built An AI Assistant That Fooled Students To Believe It Was Human 695 SHARES Partner This Graph Perfectly Sums Up How Virat Kohli Made The Most Of The Opportunities That Came His Way 1.1K SHARES Science And Future Ice In The Arctic Ocean Is Melting Twice As Fast And We Have Reached Point Of No Return! 1.2K SHARES HistoryInOrbit.com 20 Forbidden Places You Are Not Allowed To Go   YOU MAY ALSO LIKE celebscoop Meet The Youngest Member Of Baahubali Team, Who Played Infant Mahendra Baahubali In The Movie Isha Sharma 74.5K SHARES celebscoop Kareena's Baby Taimur Is Again Breaking All Records Of Cuteness, Thanks To This Viral Photo Isha Sharma 55.6K SHARES celebscoop Justin Bieber Lands In Mumbai For His Concert And Fans At The Airport Can't Control Their... Isha Sharma 12.6K SHARES Ad Diabetes: Don’t Overlook the Warning Signs. Nation Weekly celebscoop As If His Demands Weren't Enough, Justin Bieber Will Be Flooded With These Expensive Gifts Saloni Singh 20.2K SHARES india This Husband Shatters Stereotypes, Voluntarily Adopts His Wife’s Surname After Marriage Shewali Tiwari 20.1K SHARES world 4-Year-Old Indian Origin Boy Invites Queen Elizabeth On His Birthday, Gets A Cute Reply Shewali Tiwari 16.7K SHARES Ad This Abandoned Wolf-Dog Always Stayed In A Corner. Now He'.. Scribol who we are Cleaner Never Told His Three Daughters What His Job Was, So They Could Lead A Life Of Dignity Abhishek Saksena 22.4K SHARES celebscoop Not Sanjay Dutt, It Was This Stand-Up Comedian Who Trained Ranbir Kapoor For The Biopic! Saloni Singh 14.8K SHARES india Indian Army Avenges Kupwara Martyrs, Destroys Pakistani Bunker In Less Than 60 Seconds Abhishek Saksena 22.2K SHARES Ad See The Insane $59 Million Estate Tom Cruise Is Selling Lonny OUR NETWORK MensXP iDiva Luxpresso Whats Hot SPECIALS #GIRF2017 #Budget2017 #FitIT #SelfieExpert Pollution Today Stories That Matter 2016 #PunjabDrugCrisis #Error377 Go For Gold #FRONTLINES Indianama Panama Papers ABOUT US KNOW IT Trending Topics Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS get app Stay UPDATED with all that's buzzing and trending with indiatimes App! FOLLOW US ON other sites News – TO CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider Gizmodo Lifehacker Gaana Techradar WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Femina Property Speaking Tree Copyright © 2017 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved
Get your daily dose of SCIENCE Keep up with the latest research in science. Join 40,000+ subscribers to ZME Science. Subscribe for free! We don't like spam either. Your personal information is secure! Skip to content News Environment Health & Medicine Space Feature More ZME Science About Authors Archives Advertise Advertise Media Kit Legal Privacy Policy Comment Policy Contact Contact Info Subscribe Contribute ADVERTISEMENT Unmanned US plane lands after two-year secret mission Last updated on May 8th, 2017 at 6:12 pm by Mihai Andrei 0SHARES ShareTweet After circling our planet for an unprecedented 718 days doing classified scientific experiments, an unmanned plane landed at the Shuttle Landing Facility at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida. The Air Force’s secret X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle landed at NASA ‘s Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility Sunday, setting off a sonic boom that surprised residents. Image credits: Secretary of the Air Force. It was an unusual sight at the Kennedy Space Center — the first space plane to land there since Atlantis in 2011. People from Orlando and other places in Florida reported hearing sonic booms just like during the golden days of NASA’s space shuttle program, but this was a different kind of mission: a secret, military one. It was one of the military’s two X-37 space plane vehicles. The Boeing X-37, also known as the Orbital Test Vehicle (OTV), is a reusable unmanned spacecraft which can launch vertically and land horizontally, but the more interesting feature is that it can fly for so long without a recharge. Officials were thrilled to see the plane intact and functioning properly. “Today marks an incredibly exciting day for the 45th Space Wing as we continue to break barriers,” Air Force Brig. Gen. Wayne Monteith, the 45th SW commander, said in a statement. “Our team has been preparing for this event for several years, and I am extremely proud to see our hard work and dedication culminate in today’s safe and successful landing of the X-37B.” ADVERTISEMENT So what exactly is the purpose of the X-37? Well… we don’t really know. The official U.S. Air Force statement is that the project is “an experimental test program to demonstrate technologies for a reliable, reusable, unmanned space test platform for the U.S. Air Force”. However, speculations have gone much further. Various allegations have been made, from delivering weapons from space to spying on China’s Tiangong-1 space station module. The Guardian suggested that its purpose was “to test reconnaissance and spy sensors, particularly how they hold up against radiation and other hazards of orbit,” while International Business Times stated that the U.S. government was testing a version of the EmDrive electromagnetic microwave thruster. However, all these claims were denied by The Pentagon and Boeing subsequently. While the mystery hasn’t really been explained, at this point, there’s little reason to doubt the claims of officials. It’s unlikely that the X-37 is doing something aggressive in space, but it is quite possible that it’s testing out sensors or other developing technologies — somewhere at the science-military border. “Technologies being tested in the program include advanced guidance, navigation and control; thermal-protection systems; avionics; high-temperature structures and seals; conformal, reusable insulation, lightweight electromechanical flight systems; and autonomous orbital flight, re-entry and landing,” Capt. AnnMarie Annicelli, an Air Force spokeswoman, told Space.com via email in March. “Also, the Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL), Space and Missile Systems Center (SMC), and the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office (AFRCO) are investigating an experimental propulsion system,” she said. It’s certainly a bit unnerving that we’re already toying with the idea of militarizing space, especially given the scale of such projects. Military space programs “are as big as NASA,” astrophysicist and astronomer Jonathan McDowell told NPR’s Here and Now back in 2015, when X-37 started this mission. McDowell also said that at this point, there are at least 20 “full-fledged spy satellites or other really secret vehicles” orbiting the Earth and that’s a scary thought. This was the fourth and lengthiest mission from the project, also notable for the plane’s autonomous landing. It’s unclear what the project’s further objectives are. The US Air Force has at least confirmed that they are actively researching reusable space vehicles and establishing a space test platform for themselves.Click here for reuse options! Copyright 2017 ZME Science Related video Enjoyed this article? Join 40,000+ subscribers to the ZME Science newsletter. Subscribe now! Like us on Facebook Tags: militaryplanesatelliteTechnology Advertisement What readers liked This Week Last Month This Week 01 What is the big deal about CRISPR? 02 In some U.S. counties, life expectancy can vary by as much as 20 years 03 Silica rains helped form Earth’s crust four and a half billion years ago 04 This is why space armor is becoming more important 05 Economic mobility nearly halved in the United States since the 1940s Last Month 01 How fast hair grows, and other hairy science 02 What is Mitochondrial DNA and Mitochondrial Inheritance 03 How animals see the world 04 Sand cat: the amazing animal that doesn’t need to drink water 05 Bosnian men should be the tallest, but their diet keeps them down Advertisement Editor’s Pick Did you know?What is the big deal about CRISPR? Feature PostWhat’s the tallest mountain in the world? Hint: it’s not Mt. Everest AnimalsSome of the most stunning spiders to feast your eyes upon Advertisement Advertisement Trending now Antarctica’s Blood Falls sheds its secrets Wild dolphins’ immune systems are failing because of ocean pollution Oxford student creates the first synthetic retina from soft, biological materials It’s not just the poor: all Americans eat fast food about as often Advanced 77,000-year-old Stone Age weapons found in South Africa Exclusive The Skypunch – not a fancy anime combat move, but just as awesome Historical pistols: a WWII anatomy project Watch How Many Flights Fly Through Europe on a Typical Summer Day A Waterfall Catches Fire? Crania Americana: the most influential book on scientific racism Big Science Enlightening Facts about Solar Energy You Should Know Genetics determines when you’ll lose your virginity For the first time in history, researchers restore voluntary finger movement for a paralyzed man Paralyzed rats regain use of hind legs with flexible spinal cord implant. Humans to follow Social Media Sentinels and Early Disease Detection © 2007-2017 ZME Science. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Authors | Contact. Back to top News Environment Animals Climate Renewable Energy Eco tips Environmental Issues Green Living Health & Medicine Alternative Medicine Anatomy Diseases Genetics Mind & Brain Nutrition Space Astronomy Astrophysics Observations Feature Feature Post Art Great Pics Design Fossil Friday AstroPicture GeoPicture Did you know? Offbeat More ZME Science Advertise Legal Contact logo Search the site ×
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Letters Deals have helped Boeing, not taxpayers Tue May 9th, 2017 1:30am Opinion You must sign in or register to continue reading content. In response to the May 4 guest commentary, “Aerospace tax breaks aid our employers, community,” County Executive Dave Somers is totally wrong when he tries to justify the $8.7 billion dollars in corporate welfare provided to Boeing by state taxpayers. This is one reason I will not be voting for Somers if he chooses to run again. Additionally, it was Somers, in his current role as chairman of the Sound Transit Board that pushed for, against the will of Snohomish county residents, the over $1 billion dollar extension of light rail to the Boeing plant. This was another big wet kiss to Boeing paid for by taxpayers. It also jacked up the overall cost of ST-3 (and your car tabs) and added years onto the project timeline to bring light rail to the Everett Station. Boeing has been laying off thousands of employees since blackmailing taxpayers that they would leave if they didn’t get their blood money. The state of Washington can’t currently fund education. State taxpayers are being taxed to death! We can no longer afford to be bullied by Boeing and their lackeys like Dave Somers. Anthony Vicari Everett Most Read Everett PE teacher turns space saver into patented invention EVERETT — Johanna Paige Hilde bought her dream home in Everett with… May 9th, 2017 by Victoria Buritsch-Tompkins How to pay for US 2 trestle project is topic of $350K study OLYMPIA — State lawmakers want a better idea of what it will… May 8th, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield Bloody car found in Yakima tied to Everett shooting suspect EVERETT — A string of car prowls in Yakima and a nosy… May 8th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Street Smarts Community Transit starts Paine Field work for rapid bus line Related: More bus rides coming to Paine Field, UW, downtown Seattle The… May 8th, 2017 by Melissa Slager Improvements to Everett schools to begin this summer EVERETT — The Everett School District expects to move ahead this summer… May 8th, 2017 by Chris Winters © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz Deadly Duo: The U.S. Air Force is Trying to Link Together Stealth F-22s and F-15s Dave Majumdar May 8, 2017 TweetShareShare Boeing and the United States Air Force recently demonstrated the capabilities of the Talon HATE advanced datalink pod onboard the F-15C Eagle to connect the venerable air superiority fighter to newer fifth-generation fighters. The new pod—which can connect via Link 16, Common Data Link and Wideband Global SATCOM satellites—allows the fourth-generation jets to plug into the fifth-generation Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor air superiority fighter and to ground stations using the fifth-generation jets’ own network. While the Raptor has its own proprietary Intra-Flight Data Link (IFDL), the F-22 does not have the ability to transmit on the standard Link-16 network—though it can receive data. The Talon HATE allows the F-15 to connect with the Raptor’s IFDL network. “This aerial network is a giant leap forward in tactical fighter capability with real-time connectivity and expanded information sharing,” said Paul Geery, vice president of Boeing’s Phantom Works Mission Solutions and the company’s Talon HATE program manager. “We are now demonstrating secure datalink connections between F-15Cs and F-22s in a way that integrates information for the pilot into a common operating picture.” The key to the Talon HATE system is that it can share information between the F-22, F-15C and other platforms in real time. Right now, F-22 and F-15C pilots—who are the Air Force’s air superiority team—are forced to share data via voice communication over encrypted radio. The process, while effective, is inefficient. Real time machine-to-machine data transfers would allow the Air Force’s two key air dominance platforms to seamlessly share their data—and perhaps more importantly—share targeting information. Thus, a F-15C could use its AIM-120 AMRAAMs to engage a target that is being spotted far ahead by a stealthy F-22—without forcing the Raptor to use its expend its limited payload of missiles. According to the Air Force, the most recent Talon HATE tests at Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada showed that the system could handle multiple aircraft on the network in realistic conditions. “We’ve completed developmental flight test,” Lt. Col. Christopher Bradley, Air Force’s Talon HATE manager said. “We look forward to fielding this system, not only to immediately provide aircrews with actionable information faster and at a higher quality, but also to help the Air Force learn important lessons for the employment of tactical gateway systems in the future.” Indeed, the full potential of the Talon HATE system has yet to be fully realized. Only when frontline combat air forces squadrons learn how to use the system will the service realize the Talon HATE’s true potential. Those frontline units will develop new tactics and procedures in ways the developers never imagined possible. But already, the Talon HATE shows great promise. Dave Majumdar is the defense editor for The National Interest. You can follow him on Twitter: @davemajumdar. TweetShareShare View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Dave Majumdar Will the South China Sea Become the New Crimea? Xi Jinping has successfully avoided maritime overreach—but that might be about to change. Nicholas Lyall Tillerson Defines 'America First' Secretary Tillerson’s recent address to State Department employees was honest and direct. It establishes the basis for a policy that can both protect and advance U.S. national interests as well as assert American values. Paul J. Saunders The Anti-Russia Inquisition Intensifies Resurgent anti-Russia hysteria has broader, ominous implications for U.S. foreign policy and the health of political discourse in the United States.  Ted Galen Carpenter Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman How AI is Reinventing the Design of Planes, Trains and Automobiles Deep learning is coming to 3D design. Just ask Dassault Systèmes. The company’s 3DExperience Platform is used for everything from Tesla cars and Boeing airplanes to Procter & Gamble consumer products. Now, it’s amping up 3D design and simulation with deep learning and GPUs. “What people have done with  deep learning for image and speech recognition, we’re doing to transform how products are designed and experienced,” said Patrick Johnson, vice president for corporate research at the 3D modeling software company. AI by Design Traditionally, designers and engineers had to start each new product from scratch. With NVIDIA GPUs and deep learning, Dassault will soon be able to harness the history of previous designs. The system’s 3Dbots use this knowledge to predict and propose a whole new range of designs in a exploratory innovation space. Romain Perron, R&D web apps and services director for Dassault’s flagship CATIA brand, will illustrate those cognitive augmented design 3Dbots in more detail on Thursday at GTC “From there, you just select the ones you want for faster and better design leveraging know-how and past designs,” Johnson said. Engineers can use the company’s software to plan the ideal manufacturing process and see how their design will function in the real world. Shipmaker Meyerwerft used Dassaullt Systemes’ GPU-powered 3D design software to create this ship, which has 300,000 different parts. 3D Design at GTC The company is out in force at the GPU Technology Conference, with three sessions upcoming about how it’s using deep learning, virtual and augmented reality, and NVIDIA Iray rendering software to advance 3D modeling: Enterprise AR: Industry Opportunities and Technology Challenges – Wednesday, May 10, 4:30 p.m., Room 230A Homebyme: How Iray, VCA, Deep Learning and VR Helps You Experience Your New Apartment –  Thursday, May 11, 9 a.m., Room 230C Cognitive Augmented Design with AI-Powered 3DExperience – Thursday, May 11, 11 a.m., Room 230C To learn more about how AI computing is transforming industries, watch for replays of these and other talks from the GPU Technology Conference, May 8-11, in Silicon Valley. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 -2022 Global Gypsum Board Wall Sales Market Trend & Development Study Next PostNext United States Medical Nasal Aspirator Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Barry’s Ticket Service Announces $1,500 All-Rounder Scholarship Program Landport Systems Announces New Spanish Version of Software Dubai24-7 Gives a Feel of What Travelers Should Expect in Dubai Anthony Underwood Automotive announces it is Now a NAPA Certified Repair Center Anthill shopNplay Introduces Play While You Shop Location RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Anti-Jamming for GPS Market 2017 Explore Economic Impact in Global Industries Manufactures Development Challenges and Opportunities Till 2022 Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 05/09/2017 — The Global Anti-Jamming for GPS Market 2017-2022 industry, Starting with a broad overview of the Anti-Jamming for GPS Industry globally as well as with a specific focus on Manufactures. By conducting a check of the current status of the Anti-Jamming for GPS in Globe 2017-2022 Industry, the report is able to delver deeper into the various forces that directly and indirectly impact the Industry. Global Anti-Jamming for GPS Industry Segments are based on the analysis of both qualitative and quantitative data. For this, specific data has been gleaned from journals, trade magazines, revenues of leading Industry participants, as well as news reports. This report studies sales (consumption) of Anti-Jamming for GPS in Global market, especially in United States, China, Europe and Japan, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering Rockwell Collins The Raytheon Company Novatel Inc. Cobham PLC. Mayflower Communications Company Inc BAE Systems PLC Furuno Electric Company Ltd Harris Corporation Lockheed Martin Thales Group The Boeing Company U-Blox Check Free Sample Research Report @ http://www.mrsresearchgroup.com/report/101770#request-sample The Research report explores the global Anti-Jamming for GPS market size and the segment markets by regions, types, applications and companies are also described in depth. Global Anti-Jamming for GPS Market 2017-2022 Forecast industry statistics, valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market 2017-2022. Both macroeconomic and microeconomic outlooks have been taken into consideration for this purpose. The report then goes on to offer counter measures to mitigate any adverse impacts of unfavorable economic conditions. The impact of the economic condition prevailing in Globe is assessed in the context of the Anti-Jamming for GPS in Global 2017-2022 Industry. The report ends with definitive and authoritative conclusions about the Anti-Jamming for GPS in Global 2017-2022 Industry.The report provide Vendors, Traders and distributors analysis with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers also, contact details are given. New investment feasibility Studied and Industry growth is included in the report. Send your Inquiry @ http://www.mrsresearchgroup.com/report/101770#inquiry-for-buying Given the ever-shifting and ever-evolving nature of the technologies that enable the products and services contributing to the growth of the Anti-Jamming for GPS in global Industry, the report conducts a detailed analysis of the technological trends, Market Size, Market Share and Market developments. Global Anti-Jamming for GPS Market 2017 Research report moves ahead to focus on the various global players in the Anti-Jamming for GPS Industries in 2011-2016. In order to obtain specific information about the global Industry participants, the report focuses on the following key aspects: Company Profiles, product/services information, contact information, as well as production/revenues, Market Share. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Arc Suppression Coil Market 2017 Explore Economic Impact in Global Industries Manufactures Development Challenges and Opportunities Till 2022 Next PostNext PTZOptics® announces PTZ cameras control integration feature with mimoLive mac-based live streaming software Search Recent Posts Digital Realty Appoints Laurence A. Chapman As Chairman Of The Board Of Directors Local Countertop Fabricator Offers Free Material During Month of May; Proceeds to Benefit SafeHouse of Seminole Stem Cells Market 2022 Global Trends and Analysis Research Report Now Available at ReportsnReports.com Entries open for NZ Tourism Awards 2017 Actions to supercharge tourism success RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Coe’s Trevor Heitland gets a shot at NFL, attends 49ers rookie minicamp Blum faces hostile crowd in Cedar Rapids Farley Speedway moving to get on the map with Modified Super Weekend UI seeks delay in Griesbaum trial Police arrest man discovered on roof of University of Iowa sorority house Blum faces hostile crowd in Cedar Rapids Federal court compels Spirit pilots back to work New Iowa fireworks law likely to create jumble of local rules Girls’ soccer: Kennedy holds off Xavier in overtime UI seeks delay in Griesbaum trial It's May - time for graduates to take center stage Syria native among UI graduates; Coe graduates continue family tradition Video Photo Moussa Abuissa, photographed Thursday outside the University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics, will be graduating with a degree in pharmacy from the UI. (Cliff Jette/The Gazette) Jim Slosiarek/The Gazette Jean Johnson, with her twins, Mackenzie and Andrew, pose Thursday at the Clark Alumni House at Coe College in Cedar Rapids. The two will be graduating later this month from Coe, where their mother has been the longtime director of alumni programs. She will be handing them their diplomas and then, this fall, will be retiring after 28 years with the private college. Vanessa Miller The Gazette More stories from Vanessa May 9, 2017 at 3:22 pm | Print View Over the next few weekends, thousands of college and university students will don traditional gowns, cross their respective stages and turn the symbolic tassels during graduation ceremonies across Eastern Iowa. This year’s crop of commencements includes several records, firsts, lasts and big names. Dennis Muilenburg, chairman, president and CEO of The Boeing Company, will speak during Iowa State University’s undergraduate commencement Saturday. The University of Iowa meanwhile will award two honorary degrees — one to billionaire businessman and philanthropist Ted Waitt, who co-founded Gateway Inc., and another to wellness innovator Martin-Jose Sepulveda, who spent decades at IBM developing employee health and wellness programs. Muilenburg’s address will go out to another record-breaking class at Iowa State, which for the second year is holding its undergraduate ceremony in Jack Trice Stadium to accommodate the growing body of graduates, family members and friends. Iowa State expects 5,093 graduation candidates, including 4,322 bachelor’s, 497 master’s and 133 doctoral candidates plus 141 veterinary medicine graduates. The UI’s anticipated graduate total is 4,839 — which is above last May’s 4,738 but not a record. In May 2015, for example, the registrar’s office reported 4,916 degrees. The University of Northern Iowa expects to graduate about 1,700 students, including 400 graduate students and 1,300 undergraduates. The university last year reported 1,625 graduate, up from 1,464 in 2015. And while those statistics paint the big picture of growing class sizes that are, perhaps, moving through at a faster clip, they miss the trials and triumphs that permeate the stories of every robed degree-recipient who’ll march across the stage this month. Here are two of their stories. MOVING FROM SYRIA TO IOWA: 'THE RIGHT DECISION' An Arabic saying kept ringing through Mousa Abuissa’s mind. “One bird in hand is better than 10 on the tree,” he said. “Basically, if you have something certain in your hand, you shouldn’t throw it and hope for 10.” In 2009, Abuissa felt he had something certain. The then-19-year-old Syrian was well on his way to finishing a music and economics degree at Damascus University. The conflict that would envelop his homeland had not year begun. His parents and sister were rooted nearby. But, on an October 2009 visit to his aunt and uncle in Iowa City, something clicked for Abuissa. His aunt showed him around the UI campus. She took him to the College of Pharmacy — he had always wanted to pursue pharmacy, like so many others in his family. Although he had a return ticket booked for December, Abuissa never used it. He made the difficult decision to transfer his college credits, leave behind his family, home and belongings, and apply to the UI. “I was really torn,” Abuissa told The Gazette. “I wasn’t sure if I was making the right decision. I could be throwing my degree away back home.” Of course, one year later, war broke out in Syria, and Abuissa was glad he took the chance on Iowa City. Among the university’s selling points was its dual strengths in the arts and sciences, given that Abuissa was studying the cello back in Syria but had visions of a pharmacy career. He completed his undergraduate degree in music at the UI in 2013 — borrowing a cello for a while. He then immediately enrolled in the UI College of Pharmacy graduate program, taking English classes along the way and earning his citizenship. Two years after the Syrian conflict started, his parents sent over his younger sister, who also enrolled at the UI. She, too, became a U.S. citizen. “Thankfully,” Abuissa noted. “Got that done before crazy things started happening.” He didn’t return to Syria for a visit until 2015. And yet, despite the oceans and continents that divide them, Abuissa has woven Syria and its turmoil into his Iowa City life. “My morning routine — wake up, grab the laptop, go to the news things while the coffee is making, read all the depressing stories, and then get some coffee and move on with my day,” he said. “But I do have at least 20 to 30 minutes in the morning, just for that.” He continues to check throughout the day. “In a way, I’m addicted,” he said. “But I have to know.” His parents are relatively safe in the capital city, he said. And, despite some of the international travel challenges at present, his dad is in Iowa City for a visit, just in time to see his two Hawkeye transplants graduate. Abuissa, 27, has earned a doctor of pharmacy degree. Natali Abuissa, 25, has earned an undergraduate degree in economics. And although Mousa Abuissa said he’d like to try out a U.S. metropolis for a while — he’s applied to jobs in San Francisco and Minneapolis — he’s not necessarily leaving Iowa City for good. “I want to go to bigger cities, get some experience and then potentially come back,” he said. COE MOTHER, COE KIDS: ‘IN THEIR BLOOD’ Eight weeks after giving birth to boy-girl twins, Jean Johnson was attending a homecoming dinner in downtown Cedar Rapids in her official capacity as director of alumni programs for Coe College. The event was in a hotel, and Johnson’s niece was watching her infants in a room upstairs. But everyone at the party began asking about the twins, requesting she bring them down. “They got to go to their first reunion dinner, just to do a lap of introduction, when they were just babies,” Johnson said. “So it’s in their blood.” She means, perhaps, the twins — Mackenzie and Andrew Johnson — were destined to become Kohawks. And this Sunday they’ll both receive their Coe degrees from the person who introduced them to campus. “I get to hand them their diplomas,” Johnson said. “They’ll say, ‘Presenting Andrew’s diploma is his mother, Director of Alumni Programs Jean Johnson. And then I get to hand it, shake his hand, hug him, get a picture and then the president will probably shake his hand, and off he goes.” One other Johnson slips in alphabetically before Mackenzie. “I probably should just grab her and have triplets,” Johnson said. The moment will be a big one for Mackenzie and Andrew, who Johnson said now have a leg up on her, given that she’s worked for Coe for decades but didn’t earn a degree from the private college. “I’m very proud they’re Coe graduates,” she said. “It’s a meaningful name to have on your resume.” But this season also brings significance for Johnson, who’ll be retiring as one of the longest-serving alumni program directors in Coe history. “I think I’ve done my 28 years,” Johnson, 61, said about why she’s stepping away now. “I keep saying my brain is full of names, places, years, and connections.” Johnson shepherded Coe’s alumni program over the years through key milestones and societal shifts — including technological advancements that have made social media paramount in networking. But one significant promise she made good on was providing a consistent face for graduated Kohawks. “They were looking for longevity,” she said, noting relationship-building opportunities increase the longer an alumni director sticks around. “It’s the more people you know.” The alumni pool has grown during Johnson’s time. from about 13,000 to more than 15,000. Its student body has swelled from about 1,000 to more than 1,400. Johnson’s official leave date is Sept. 1, but with so much institutional knowledge and deep connections, her departure will be a process. “Our biggest time is homecoming,” she said “So I’m going to help them get started with it.” UPCOMING GRADUATION CEREMONIES This weekend — University of Iowa: https://registrar.uiowa.edu/may-2017-ceremonies-and-events — Cornell College: cornellcollege.edu/commencement/schedule-of-events/index.shtml — Kirkwood Community College: kirkwood.edu/commencementlive May 20 and 21 — Mount Mercy University: mtmercy.edu/commencement l Comments: (319) 339-3158; vanessa.miller@thegazette.com Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Higher education articles It's May - time for graduates to take ce ... Iowa universities start to shift thinkin ... Hancher Auditorium announces 2017-18 sho ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Airwise News Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories Airport Guide US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Central American Airports South American Airports Middle East Airports African Airports Asian Airports South Pacific Airports Flight Arrivals US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Asian Airports Australian Airports Airline Info US Airlines UK Airlines Canadian Airlines Central American Airlines South American Airlines European Airlines Middle East Airlines African Airlines Asian Airlines South Pacific Airlines Airwise Airwise News Back Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories Airport Guide Flight Arrivals Back US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Asian Airports Australian Airports Airline Info Airwise Travel Home | < Previous page Airwise Home News Emirates, Cargolux To Share Cargo Capacity Emirates, Cargolux To Share Cargo Capacity May 9, 2017 Emirates and Luxembourg-based cargo carrier Cargolux have signed an agreement to share freight capacity. Under the memorandum of understanding, the carriers will develop block space and interline agreements that will allow Emirates to access capacity on Cargolux’s Boeing 747F freighters, which are larger than its own 777 cargo fleet. Cargolux will also be able to book space on Emirates flights. Emirates will launch cargo flights to Cargolux’s Luxembourg hub from June, and Cargolux will increase frequency to Dubai World Central from its current three times weekly service. Cargolux will handle Emirates ground handling in Luxembourg, and Emirates will reciprocate for Cargolux in Dubai. Cargolux has a fleet of 14 Boeing 747-8 and 12 Boeing 747-400 freighters and flies to 90 destinations. Emirates has 13 Boeing 777Fs and, currently, two B747-400ERFs. It also has significant belly capacity on its fleet of 260 passenger aircraft. (Airwise) Top Stories IndiGo To Go Regional With ATR Order Emirates, Cargolux To Share Cargo Capacity American Reports Strong April Traffic Etihad Names CEO Hogan’s Interim Replacement Delta, Aeroméxico Launch Transborder JV Search Airwise Airwise News Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Feature Stories Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Most Viewed Stories Etihad Names CEO Hogan’s Interim Replacement Delta, Aeroméxico Launch Transborder JV Qatar Airways To Sponsor World Cup Southwest Airlines Reports April Traffic IndiGo To Go Regional With ATR Order AIRWISE Home Site Search Contact Us AIRWISE NEWS Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories AIRPORT GUIDE World Airports US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports South American Airports Middle East Airports African Airports Asian Airports South Pacific Airports AIRLINE INFO World Airlines US Airlines UK Airlines European Airlines Canadian Airlines South American Airlines Middle East Airlines African Airlines Asian Airlines South Pacific Airlines Copyright © 2017 Ascent Pacific.
About US Contact US Registration Tuesday May 9th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Contracts For May 9, 2017 By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  May 10, 2017  /  Comments Off on Contracts For May 9, 2017       Print       Email MIL OSI USA – Source: United States Department of Defense Headline: Contracts For May 9, 2017 CONTRACTS  NAVY   Rolls-Royce Corp., Indianapolis, Indiana, is being awarded a $78,695,875 firm-fixed-price, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract to provide original equipment manufacturer engineering and logistics support for the KC-130J aircraft AE2100D3 engines for the Marine Corps and the government of Kuwait under the Foreign Military Sales program.  Work will be performed in Indianapolis, Indiana (75 percent); Iwakuni, Japan (6 percent); Cherry Point, North Carolina (6 percent); Miramar, California (6 percent); Fort Worth, Texas (3 percent); Al Mubarak Airbase, Kuwait (2 percent); and Newburgh, New York (2 percent), and is expected to be completed in May 2022.  No funds will be obligated at time of award; funds will be obligated against individual delivery orders as they are issued.  This contract was not competitively procured pursuant to 10 U.S. Code 2304(c)(1).  The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity (N00019-17-D-0091).   The Boeing Co., Seattle, Washington, is being awarded $42,485,917 for modification P00065 to a previously awarded firm-price, incentive (firm-target) contract (N00019-14-C-0067).  This modification provides for the procurement of eight deployable mission readiness trainers and associated mode control panels, program management and engineering support for the P-8A Multi-mission Maritime aircraft.  Work will be performed in St. Louis, Missouri (50 percent); Seattle, Washington (15 percent); Tampa, Florida (10 percent); Orlando, Florida (5 percent); San Francisco, California (5 percent); Hauppauge, New York (5 percent); Azusa, California (5 percent); and Huntington Beach, California (5 percent), and is expected to be completed in October 2021.  Fiscal 2015 aircraft procurement (Navy) funds in the amount of $42,485,917 are being obligated at time of award, all of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Air Warfare Center Training Systems Division, Orlando, Florida, is the contracting activity.   Applied Physical Sciences Corp., Groton, Connecticut, is being awarded a $19,651,822 cost-plus-fixed-fee contract for the development of advanced design tools, technologies and experimental methods for Future Platform Signature Design.   Work will be performed in Groton, Connecticut, and work is expected to be completed May 4, 2022.  Fiscal 2017 research, development, test and evaluation (Navy) funds in the amount of $640,000 will be obligated at the time of award.  No funds will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract was competitively procured under solicitation N00014-15-S-BA01, entitled “Long Range Broad Agency Announcement (BAA) for Navy and Marine Corps Science and Technology” Sept. 30, 2014.  Proposals will be received throughout the year under the long range BAA, therefore, the number of proposals received in response to the solicitation is unknown.  The Office of Naval Research, Arlington, Virginia, is the contracting activity (N00014-17-C-2011).   DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY   Burlington Industries LLC, Greensboro, North Carolina, has been awarded a maximum $20,400,000 modification (P00117) exercising the fourth one-year option period of a one-year base contract (SPM1C1-13-D-1052) with four one-year option periods for blue, shade 451, poly/wool cloth. This is a fixed-price with economic-price-adjustment contract. Location of performance is North Carolina, with a May 12, 2018, performance completion date. Using military service is Army. Type of appropriation is fiscal 2017 through 2018 defense working capital funds. The contracting activity is the Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.   Burlington Industries LLC, Greensboro, North Carolina, has been awarded a maximum $14,263,200 modification (P00116) exercising the fourth one-year option period of a one-year base contract (SPM1C1-13-D-1051) with four one-year option periods for blue, shade 450, poly/wool cloth. This is a fixed-price with economic-price-adjustment contract. Location of performance is North Carolina, with a May 12, 2018, performance completion date. Using military service is Army. Type of appropriation is fiscal 2017 through 2018 defense working capital funds. The contracting activity is the Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.   ARMY   Tetra Tech Merrick JV,* Atlanta, Georgia, was awarded a $10,000,000 firm-fixed-price contract for miscellaneous architect-engineering services with a primary focus in the area of civil works. Bids were solicited via the Internet with 10 received. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order, with an estimated completion date of May 9, 2022. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Savannah, Georgia, is the contracting activity (W912HN-17-D-0005).   *Small business     Print       Email Published: 1 min ago on May 10, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: May 10, 2017 @ 10:36 am Filed Under: 24/7 OSI, Americas, Defence, Defense, English, Intelligence, MIL OSI, Open Source Intel, Security, United States Department of Defense, United States Government, United States of America, US Security NEXT ARTICLE → U.S., Denmark Stand Firmly Together, Secretary Tells Prime Minister About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Contracts For May 9, 2017 U.S., Denmark Stand Firmly Together, Secretary Tells Prime Minister Celebrating Tourists’ Role In Creating Jobs, Lowering Taxes Cyber Command Increases Readiness to Hold Targets at Risk Remarks by Secretary Mattis and Prime Minister Rasmussen in Copenhagen, Denmark © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd

Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman UPDATE – Ten Companies Lead in Responding to Radical Market Change and Reinventing Themselves for a Different Future, According to New Analysis of Public Company Data /EINPresswire.com/ — LEXINGTON, MA–(Marketwired – May 9, 2017) – As the pace of change accelerates in virtually every industry, a new study has identified the 10 global companies that have done the best job of remaking their businesses. The list — which includes celebrated tech innovators like Amazon and Netflix as well as standouts from industries that don’t as frequently make innovation headlines, including health care company DaVita and food and beverage giant Danone — offers insights into how market leaders can sustain growth even as disruption threatens their historically successful core business. The Transformation 10, a new report by growth strategy consulting firm Innosight, analyzed 1,000 companies and engaged a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges included former P&G CEO A.G. Lafley, former Boeing Defense CEO Chris Chadwick, and Columbia business professor Rita Gunther McGrath. Online retailer Amazon and entertainment firm Netflix were tied atop the rankings, followed (in order) by travel-technology company Priceline; global tech firm Apple; health insurer Aetna; software company Adobe; health care firm DaVita; computer and software maker Microsoft; food and beverage company Danone; and steel maker ThyssenKrupp. „A company survives and thrives over time based not on its size at any given time, but on its ability to adapt to disruption and to reposition itself to create a new future. We believe that by identifying companies that are transforming successfully, we can gain a better understanding of the dynamics and success factors of transformation,” notes Innosight managing partner Scott Anthony, who is the co-author of the just-released Dual Transformation: How to Reposition Today’s Business While Creating the Future (Harvard Business Review Press). Each company in the Transformation 10 found a way to create new growth while repositioning its traditional business: 1. Online retail giant Amazon developed technology to streamline internal operations, then turned it into a cloud computing platform that Amazon began selling to outside customers as large as the U.S. government. Since beginning what is now Amazon Web Services (AWS) in 2006, the new growth area now delivers about 10% of revenue, and accounted for more than half of Amazon’s operating profit in 2015. At the same time, Amazon has steadily fortified its core online retail business with new categories, including a growing library of music, movies and original programming. 2. Video entertainment company Netflix began shifting its business model to include on-demand streaming as well as traditional hard-copy DVD rentals in 2007. That core business of hard-copy rentals continues to exist, albeit in a diminished state. Meanwhile, Netflix’s domestic and international streaming business posted almost 90% of the firm’s revenue in 2015, and the company has been producing and commissioning its own content since 2013, another potential source of growth. 3. Travel-technology company Priceline was already the world leader in online travel in 2010, when it decided to provide a more complete service that included the „long tail” of travel suppliers beyond the major hotels (e.g., independent hotels, apartment buildings). To capture that new growth, Priceline acquired companies like Bookings.com and KAYAK, and the new growth business generated about 25% of revenue in 2015. Simultaneously, Priceline recalibrated its core business around helping customers plan a complete travel experience — much like an online concierge. 4. Beginning in 2007, computer giant Apple moved beyond its successful computer hardware business to create the world’s biggest ecosystem for digital content — and then to build on that ecosystem with new devices like the iPhone. Apple continues to be a manufacturer of computers, but the revenue from the firm’s digital networks and related products now accounts for 80% of the company. 5. Health insurer Aetna’s traditional model of selling health insurance through employers has grown nearly 80% over the last four years. Starting in 2010, the firm also began selling care management directly to consumers, and health care IT services to providers. Revenue from these newer, „value-based” contracts now accounts for about 40% of overall firm revenue. 6. Software company Adobe dominated the market for creating and designing documents and images, thanks to brands like Photoshop, Illustrator and Acrobat. But by 2008, fearing a saturated user base and a shift to cloud-based business models, the firm announced a new focus on digital marketing and analytics through a software as a service (SaaS) business model. The core business of packaged creative software lives on as the Creative Cloud subscription service, and new growth through digital marketing now creates almost half (45%) of overall revenue. 7. Health care firm DaVita specialized in kidney dialysis, making its money on a traditional fee-for-service business model and becoming one of the largest operators in its field. But starting in 2012, DaVita began building an „integrated delivery network” to deliver dialysis care as well as manage patients’ total healthcare. The core business — dialysis care — has nearly doubled over the last 10 years, while new growth now delivers 30% of total revenue. 8. Computer firm Microsoft continues to sell hardware and software; its legacy business offering still accounts for about half the company. But, starting in 2010, the firm made a bet on embracing cloud-based technology — while building up its hardware business. Its Intelligent Cloud business, which includes Azure and on-premises server software, reported 2016 revenue of more than $25 billion, almost a third (32%) of the company total. 9. French food and beverage firm Danone moved beyond its traditional yogurt business to grow a portfolio of health brands, including baby foods and other early life nutrition products. Those newer brands now generate 29% of Danone’s revenue, up from just 3% in 2006. At the same time, a slimmed-down core business, refocused on healthy yogurts and other nutritional foods, is still profitable and accounts for the majority of the business. 10. German steel maker ThyssenKrupp, under pressure from low-cost producers in Asia, decided to move drastically away from making and selling steel. Instead, in 2012 the firm began investing in industrial solutions, providing capital equipment, software and services to manufacturers, including refineries and automakers. The new growth area already accounts for 47% of total company revenue. The Transformation 10 report highlights a few takeaways and lessons that can help business leaders respond to market disruption and position their companies for the future, including: Transformational CEOs tend to be „insider outsiders.” Typically it’s not a complete outsider who instigates the change, but a leader who worked at the edges of the organization or in a parallel part of the industry. Transformation involves two separate journeys. The most effective transformation efforts are not monolithic but take a two-pronged approach: repositioning the core business while creating the future growth business. Transformation can only take root if you are constantly telling a story about the future. To transform a company, the CEO must also act as the „storyteller in chief.” That means telling different aspects of the same transformation narrative to all the constituencies and stakeholders in and of the company. Develop a roadmap for transformation before disruption takes hold. By the time the need to transform is clear, it is often too late. Leaders need to stay ahead of new technologies and competitors that can derail their business and act before fault lines are entirely clear. ABOUT THE TRANSFORMATION 10 RESEARCH The research focused on 57 companies from the S&P 500 and Global 500 that had made significant public commitments to transformation. The analysis evaluated public companies through three lenses: new growth, success in repositioning the core, and select financial metrics.  To assess areas of new growth, Innosight measured how successful these companies have been at creating new products, services, markets and business models, and in that process determined the percent of revenue that can be attributed to new growth areas. To measure success in repositioning the core business, Innosight examined how effectively these companies adapted their traditional businesses to changes or disruptions in their markets. The financial metrics that Innosight analyzed combined annual growth rate (CAGR) of each company’s revenue and stock price, as well as overall profitability, during their respective transformation periods. After narrowing down to a list of 18 companies, Innosight worked with a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges were: Chris Chadwick, former CEO, Boeing Defense; Clay Christensen, Professor, Harvard Business School and Innosight co-founder; Scott Cook, Founder and Chairman of Intuit; Matthew Eyring, Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer at Vivint; A.G. Lafley, former CEO of Procter & Gamble; Rita McGrath, Professor, Columbia Business School; Teo Ming Kian, Director Temasek and Chairman Vertex Holdings; Theodor Weimer, Country Chairman, UniCredit. To read the Transformation 10 report, please visit: www.transformationten.com ABOUT INNOSIGHT Innosight, the strategy and innovation business of global professional services firm Huron, helps organizations design and create the future, instead of being disrupted by it. Acquired by Huron in 2017, Innosight is the leading authority on disruptive innovation and strategic transformation. The company collaborates with clients across a range of industries to identify new growth opportunities, build new ventures and capabilities, and accelerate organizational change. Learn more at www.innosight.com and www.huronconsultinggroup.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CORRECTING and REPLACING Formula 1 to Present at the Barclays Americas Select Franchise Conference Next PostNext Worldwide Defoaming Coating Additives Market 2021 Report with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends, Vendor Landscape Analysis & Forecast 2017 to 2021 Search Recent Posts JSR Life Sciences erweitert Amsphere™ A3 Produktionskapazität JSR Life Sciences étend la capacité de production d’Amsphere™A3 Glocorp Net Sales Revenue Grew by 100% at end of Q1 2017 Enterprise Data Center Market Future Growth, Forecast And Analysis Report : Radiant Insights,Inc Global Stem Cells Market Research Study 2017-2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
63° Salt Lake City Scattered Clouds Sponsored By Sections News Southern Utah National GMU Inside Utah Politics Politics Good4Utah Extra Midday Entertainment Weird Health Business News Video Center Contests Road Tour Weather Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Ski Report Closings And Delays Forecast Map Center Pollen Almanac Traffic Pinpoint Weather Cameras Weather School Weather App Weather Kid Sports Local Sports National Sports Real Salt Lake Utah Jazz College Sports High School NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAA PGA Community TV Schedule Ask The Expert Good Health 4 Utah Healthy Homes Hooked on Science Cars Your Photos Your Events Utah Works Wirth Watching Comic Con Movies Lifestyle Healthy Utah Health Resource Center Father's Day Horoscopes In Style Movies Cancer Care Healthy Pets Green Living Mother's Day Weddings Education Essentials Automotive Essentials Personal Finance Home Improvement Taxes Diabetes Awareness Good Things Utah Recipes Guest Segments Gardening Do the Right Thing Table Talk The Art of Connection Be A Guest Contests Submit Ideas Submit Recipes GTU Internship Opportunities About Us ABC4 | CW30 Work for Us Email Signup MeTV Meet the Team Contact Us Apps Advertise With Us Tour Our Stations Request Appearance Station History Weather Good Things Utah Sections News Southern Utah National GMU Inside Utah Politics Politics Good4Utah Extra Midday Entertainment Weird Health Business News Video Center Contests Road Tour Weather Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Ski Report Closings And Delays Forecast Map Center Pollen Almanac Traffic Pinpoint Weather Cameras Weather School Weather App Weather Kid Sports Local Sports National Sports Real Salt Lake Utah Jazz College Sports High School NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAA PGA Community TV Schedule Ask The Expert Good Health 4 Utah Healthy Homes Hooked on Science Cars Your Photos Your Events Utah Works Wirth Watching Comic Con Movies Lifestyle Healthy Utah Health Resource Center Father's Day Horoscopes In Style Movies Cancer Care Healthy Pets Green Living Mother's Day Weddings Education Essentials Automotive Essentials Personal Finance Home Improvement Taxes Diabetes Awareness Good Things Utah Recipes Guest Segments Gardening Do the Right Thing Table Talk The Art of Connection Be A Guest Contests Submit Ideas Submit Recipes GTU Internship Opportunities About Us ABC4 | CW30 Work for Us Email Signup MeTV Meet the Team Contact Us Apps Advertise With Us Tour Our Stations Request Appearance Station History Weather Good Things Utah Sports Video Center TV Schedule Contests Hidden History Login Search Controversial U.S. Education Secretary visits Granite schools By: Randall Carlisle Posted: May 09, 2017 03:16 PM MDT Updated: May 09, 2017 06:54 PM MDT Utahns protest DeVos visit SOUTH SALT LAKE (ABC4 Utah) She is controversial and draws protests wherever she goes, but Tuesday U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos had a peaceful and productive visit at the Granite School District headquarters. Flanked by Secret Service guards she stopped by to chat with students in the district's Granite Technical Institute. That's a highly successful program giving high school students access to advanced college level and career entry courses. Ever heard of carbon fiber violins or frisbees? Well students were making them as part of the Institute's Utah Aerospace Pathways program.  It's a joint collaboration of businesses and education. Companies like Boeing and Orbital ATK support the program because it gives them the highly skilled workers they are desperately trying to hire. DeVos chatted with the eager students about their projects and the kids were excited to share their creations that included the violin and frisbees and even a carbon fiber wallet. They could be the future inventors of an airplane we've never dreamed of flying in. Their creative juices are flowing and DeVos was impressed. "Our world is different today than it was even 25 years ago," she said. "Technology is changing things so rapidly, we need to be helping to encourage our next generation to meet the needs of our realities today and for the future." After meeting with the students, DeVos held a roundtable discussion with business, government and education leaders and assured them that the Trump administration will be taking a more hands off approach in dealing with federal education guidelines. "Washington doesn't have all the answers. In fact it usually doesn't have the best answer."  She indicated Utah leaders will have a much bigger say in running our schools. "My job is to get out of the way and encourage states to really pick up the ball and run with it on behalf of the students they are serving in their unique parts of our country." Copyright 2017 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. More Stories Ogden firefighters pull young boy from river OGDEN, Utah (ABC4 Utah) - A 10-yr-old boy is in extremely… 2 hours ago Utah entrepreneur working to empower women across the globe Olivia Berhan, a finalist in the 2017 Young Entrepreneurs… 2 hours ago Conference to educate Utahns about Alzheimer's For anyone who wants to learn more about Alzheimer's disease,… 3 hours ago Don't Miss Copyright 2017 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Weather Ball Copyright 2017 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Email Signup Copyright 2017 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Weather School Latest News Local National Ogden firefighters pull young boy from river Utah entrepreneur working to empower women across the globe Conference to educate Utahns about Alzheimer's Ariz. man charged for online sexual relationship with Utah teen Ogden company helping to fight wildlife poaching in South Africa Video Center Local News National News Conference to educate Utahns about Alzheimer's Man wanted for burglary out of California may be living in Utah Teen accused in Smithfield shooting will learn his fate Wednesday Teens charged in Gatlinburg wildfires Teacher sketches Syria's civil war House holds moment of silence for Oakland fire victims Stay Connected ABC4 Utah on Facebook ABC4 UTAH on Twitter Good Things Utah Good4Utah iPhone App Good4Utah Android App UP NEXT Pair arrested after deadly hit-and-run Meet the Team Contact Us Careers with Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads EEO Report KUCW FCC Public File KTVX FCC Public File Nexstar CC Certification Video Programmer Closed Captioning Quality Certification © 1998 - 2016 Good4Utah.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Site Relevance Date Search
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios Chicago Proud Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us I-TEAM Ukrainian oligarch linked to Trump: Chicago charges absurd Email share share tweet email WLS Dmitry Firtash (WLS) An ABC7 I-Team Investigation WLS By Chuck Goudie Tuesday, May 09, 2017 04:25PM CHICAGO (WLS) -- A Ukrainian business tycoon with ties to both President Donald Trump and the Kremlin is asking that international racketeering and bribery charges filed against him in Chicago be thrown out. A motion to dismiss filed Tuesday afternoon in Chicago claims that Dmitry Firtash, 51, has "never set foot" in the United States, has no business entities in the U.S. and therefore shouldn't be charged with crimes here. READ: DMITRY FIRTASH MOTION TO DISMISS The Ukrainian oligarch was indicted three years ago by a federal grand jury in Chicago on charges he plotted a bribery scheme in a $500 million titanium deal in India. Chicago-based Boeing was the potential client, although the deal-that would allegedly have yielded $18.5 million in bribes-never was consummated. "There is no link between the United States and the conduct charged in the Indictment nor did the alleged conduct have any effect on the United States" states the motion filed Tuesday by lead Firtash attorney Dan K. Webb, a former United States Attorney in Chicago. "The character of the activity at issue is that of alleged bribes paid outside of the United States to Indian officials. This is entirely unrelated to the United States and does not support a reasonable prosecution here" states Webb in the court filing. "Even if the government could prove that there existed a scheme to bribe Indian officials in India, the conduct does not implicate any legitimate or other United States interest." Webb also maintains that "there is no venue in the Northern District of Illinois and a trial in this district would violate the U.S. Constitution." According to court records, in 2008 senior Trump aide Paul Manafort's company was involved with Firtash in a plan to redevelop the famous Drake Hotel in New York City. That deal was estimated at $850 million. Documents filed in federal court reveal that Firtash's company planned to invest more than $100 million. Also in 2008, Firtash acknowledged to the U.S. ambassador in Ukraine that his lucrative business career began with the permission of a notorious Russian organized crime lord. That revelation is in a classified State Department cable. Other U.S. cables say oligarch Firtash became wealthy through sweetheart natural gas deals between Russia and Ukraine. In March 2014 Firtash was arrested on the Chicago charges by authorities in Vienna, Austria. Since then, U.S. officials have attempted to have the businessman extradited. In February Firtash was hit with a new arrest warrant issued by Spanish law enforcement. That case, alleging corruption in a different business deal, has gummed up the extradition equation. As Austrian justice officials sort through which jurisdiction should be allowed to extradite the Ukrainian oligarch, he is being restricted to Vienna on $135 million bail. Firtash attorney Dan Webb is scheduled to present the motion to dismiss all U.S. charges in Chicago on May 17. "Put simply, the Indictment does not provide a sufficient basis on which to assert venue over Firtash in the Northern District of Illinois" says Webb. "Nor does the Indictment assert jurisdiction over Firtash in the courts of the United States...In this case, the government has not alleged, and cannot allege, a single act by Firtash in the Northern District of Illinois." Related Topics: newsI-Teamu.s. & worldboeing Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 WLS-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. Related Court approves extradition of Ukrainian oligarch to Chicago Chicago's least wanted suspect? Ukrainian oligarch will not be extradited to Chicago on corruption charges I-TEAM Need a story investigated? Contact the ABC7 I-Team FBI director James Comey fired I-Team: Cars erupting in flames Are you eating your fleece? More I-Team NEWS Need a story investigated? Contact the ABC7 I-Team Comey gave inaccurate testimony about Clinton emails FBI Director James Comey has been fired Reactions to FBI Director James Comey's firing No radiation detected after tunnel breach at WA nuclear site More News Top Stories FBI director James Comey fired Reward offered for information on missing Schaumburg woman High school senior cyberstalked by friend's dad 3 charged after $1.125M of cocaine found during traffic stop Vicious fight on Southwest flight caught on video VIDEO: Teen arrives at prom in coffin Uber raises IL rates by 5 cents for insurance Show More Stores warn of online Mother's Day coupon scam Small dog chases large bear through yard Hiker from River Forest vanishes in Montana's Great Bear Wilderness California college student missing 40 days found dead 2 shot in separate incidents on Near North Side More News Photos 3 charged after $1.125M of cocaine found during traffic stop 5 Mexican gray wolf pups born at Brookfield Zoo Photos show inside of home where toddler was found dead 8 arrested in Naperville online prostitution sting More Photos Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories Video Photos U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios Chicago Proud Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios Chicago Proud Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios Chicago Proud Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago
See Al Franken, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and more at the 2017 Printers Row Lit Fest. Schedule available now! News Chicago Inc. Ukrainian oligarch with ties to Trump campaign wants Chicago case tossed Why the U.S. is prosecuting a Ukrainian gas oligarch Ukrainian billionaire Dimitri Firtash successfully fought efforts to bring him to face justice in a Chicago courtroom for most of President Barack Obama’s second term. Ukrainian billionaire Dimitri Firtash successfully fought efforts to bring him to face justice in a Chicago courtroom for most of President Barack Obama’s second term. Kim JanssenContact ReporterChicago Tribune Nearly three months after an Austrian court ruled that Ukrainian oligarch Dmitry Firtash can be extradited to Chicago, we're still no closer to knowing if he'll ever show up. The billionaire — who has ties to the Kremlin and to President Donald Trump's former campaign manager Paul Manafort — is wanted in federal court to face racketeering charges. But his all-star legal team, which includes former U.S. Attorney Dan Webb, Clinton White House counsel Lanny Davis and former Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff aren't waiting for Firtash to land on American soil. Webb on Tuesday filed a motion asking U.S. District Court Judge Rebecca Pallmeyer to toss the case, arguing that the alleged international titanium racket that Firtash is accused of masterminding has nothing to do with Chicago or the U.S. "Firtash has never applied for the visa required to enter the United States and has never set foot in the country," Webb wrote. "The Indictment fails to allege a single illicit act by Firtash that either occurred in the United States or affected the United States." Though prosecutors allege the scheme included plans to sell titanium to Chicago-based Boeing, Webb argues that the only agreement with Boeing was to "work toward" a deal. And the only other ties to Chicago are the use of a cellphone that was registered in the city, he adds. Wanted in Chicago since 2013, Firtash's extradition has been complicated by a case filed against him in Spain. Austrian Justice Minister Wolfgang Brandstetter said in February that he would not push forward with extradition until the Austrian courts have ruled on the Spanish claim on Firtash. If Firtash is brought to Chicago, interest in his case will be stoked by his past business dealings with Manafort, detailed in court filings in a separate, civil case in New York. Manafort's ties to Russia are under federal investigation. Chicago U.S. attorney's office spokesman Joseph Fitzpatrick declined to comment Tuesday. kjanssen@chicagotribune.com Twitter @kimjnews Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Trials and Arbitration Donald Trump Paul Manafort U.S. extradition OK'd for Ukrainian billionaire indicted in Chicago and linked to Trump Ukrainian oligarch with ties to Trump campaign fighting extradition to Chicago Dymitro Firtash Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 50°
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Ten Companies Lead in Responding to Radical Market Change and Reinventing Themselves for a Different Future, According to New Analysis of Public Company Data /EINPresswire.com/ — LEXINGTON, MA–(Marketwired – May 9, 2017) – As the pace of change accelerates in virtually every industry, a new study has identified the 10 global companies that have done the best job of remaking their businesses. The list — which includes celebrated tech innovators like Amazon and Netflix as well as standouts from industries that don’t as frequently make innovation headlines, including health care company DaVita and food and beverage giant Danone — offers insights into how market leaders can sustain growth even as disruption threatens their historically successful core business. The Transformation 10, a new report by growth strategy consulting firm Innosight, analyzed 1,000 companies and engaged a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges included former P&G CEO A.G. Lafley, former Boeing Defense CEO Chris Chadwick, and Columbia business professor Rita Gunther McGrath. Online retailer Amazon and entertainment firm Netflix were tied atop the rankings, followed (in order) by travel-technology company Priceline; global tech firm Apple; health insurer Aetna; software company Adobe; health care firm DaVita; computer and software maker Microsoft; food and beverage company Danone; and steel maker ThyssenKrupp. „A company survives and thrives over time based not on its size at any given time, but on its ability to adapt to disruption and to reposition itself to create a new future. We believe that by identifying companies that are transforming successfully, we can gain a better understanding of the dynamics and success factors of transformation,” notes Innosight managing partner Scott Anthony, who is the co-author of the just-released Dual Transformation: How to Reposition Today’s Business While Creating the Future (Harvard Business Review Press). Each company in the Transformation 10 found a way to create new growth while repositioning its traditional business: 1. Online retail giant Amazon developed technology to streamline internal operations, then turned it into a cloud computing platform that Amazon began selling to outside customers as large as the U.S. government. Since beginning what is now Amazon Web Services (AWS) in 2006, the new growth area now delivers about 10% of revenue, and accounted for more than half of Amazon’s operating profit in 2015. At the same time, Amazon has steadily fortified its core online retail business with new categories, including a growing library of music, movies and original programming. 2. Video entertainment company Netflix began shifting its business model to include on-demand streaming as well as traditional hard-copy DVD rentals in 2007. That core business of hard-copy rentals continues to exist, albeit in a diminished state. Meanwhile, Netflix’s domestic and international streaming business posted almost 90% of the firm’s revenue in 2015, and the company has been producing and commissioning its own content since 2013, another potential source of growth. 3. Travel-technology company Priceline was already the world leader in online travel in 2010, when it decided to provide a more complete service that included the „long tail” of travel suppliers beyond the major hotels (e.g., independent hotels, apartment buildings). To capture that new growth, Priceline acquired companies like Bookings.com and KAYAK, and the new growth business generated about 25% of revenue in 2015. Simultaneously, Priceline recalibrated its core business around helping customers plan a complete travel experience — much like an online concierge. 4. Beginning in 2007, computer giant Apple moved beyond its successful computer hardware business to create the world’s biggest ecosystem for digital content — and then to build on that ecosystem with new devices like the iPhone. Apple continues to be a manufacturer of computers, but the revenue from the firm’s digital networks and related products now accounts for 80% of the company. 5. Health insurer Aetna’s traditional model of selling health insurance through employers has grown nearly 80% over the last four years. Starting in 2010, the firm also began selling care management directly to consumers, and health care IT services to providers. Revenue from these newer, „value-based” contracts now accounts for about 40% of overall firm revenue. 6. Software company Adobe dominated the market for creating and designing documents and images, thanks to brands like Photoshop, Illustrator and Acrobat. But by 2008, fearing a saturated user base and a shift to cloud-based business models, the firm announced a new focus on digital marketing and analytics through a software as a service (SaaS) business model. The core business of packaged creative software lives on as the Creative Cloud subscription service, and new growth through digital marketing now creates almost half (45%) of overall revenue. 7. Health care firm DaVita specialized in kidney dialysis, making its money on a traditional fee-for-service business model and becoming one of the largest operators in its field. But starting in 2012, DaVita began building an „integrated delivery network” to deliver dialysis care as well as manage patients’ total healthcare. The core business — dialysis care — has nearly doubled over the last 10 years, while new growth now delivers 30% of total revenue. 8. Computer firm Microsoft continues to sell hardware and software; its legacy business offering still accounts for about half the company. But, starting in 2010, the firm made a bet on embracing cloud-based technology — while building up its hardware business. Its Intelligent Cloud business, which includes Azure and on-premises server software, reported 2016 revenue of more than $25 billion, almost a third (32%) of the company total. 9. French food and beverage firm Danone moved beyond its traditional yogurt business to grow a portfolio of health brands, including baby foods and other early life nutrition products. Those newer brands now generate 29% of Danone’s revenue, up from just 3% in 2006. At the same time, a slimmed-down core business, refocused on healthy yogurts and other nutritional foods, is still profitable and accounts for the majority of the business. 10. German steel maker ThyssenKrupp, under pressure from low-cost producers in Asia, decided to move drastically away from making and selling steel. Instead, in 2012 the firm began investing in industrial solutions, providing capital equipment, software and services to manufacturers, including refineries and automakers. The new growth area already accounts for 47% of total company revenue. The Transformation 10 report highlights a few takeaways and lessons that can help business leaders respond to market disruption and position their companies for the future, including: Transformational CEOs tend to be „insider outsiders.” Typically it’s not a complete outsider who instigates the change, but a leader who worked at the edges of the organization or in a parallel part of the industry. Transformation involves two separate journeys. The most effective transformation efforts are not monolithic but take a two-pronged approach: repositioning the core business while creating the future growth business. Transformation can only take root if you are constantly telling a story about the future. To transform a company, the CEO must also act as the „storyteller in chief.” That means telling different aspects of the same transformation narrative to all the constituencies and stakeholders in and of the company. Develop a roadmap for transformation before disruption takes hold. By the time the need to transform is clear, it is often too late. Leaders need to stay ahead of new technologies and competitors that can derail their business and act before fault lines are entirely clear. ABOUT THE TRANSFORMATION 10 RESEARCH The research focused on 57 companies from the S&P 500 and Global 500 that had made significant public commitments to transformation. The analysis evaluated public companies through three lenses: new growth, success in repositioning the core, and select financial metrics.  To assess areas of new growth, Innosight measured how successful these companies have been at creating new products, services, markets and business models, and in that process determined the percent of revenue that can be attributed to new growth areas. To measure success in repositioning the core business, Innosight examined how effectively these companies adapted their traditional businesses to changes or disruptions in their markets. The financial metrics that Innosight analyzed combined annual growth rate (CAGR) of each company’s revenue and stock price, as well as overall profitability, during their respective transformation periods. After narrowing down to a list of 18 companies, Innosight worked with a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges were: Chris Chadwick, former CEO, Boeing Defense; Clay Christensen, Professor, Harvard Business School and Innosight co-founder; Scott Cook, Founder and Chairman of Intuit; Matthew Eyring, Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer at Vivint; A.G. Lafley, former CEO of Procter & Gamble; Rita McGrath, Professor, Columbia Business School; Teo Ming Kian, Director Temasek and Chairman Vertex Holdings; Theodor Weimer, Country Chairman, UniCredit. To read the Transformation 10 report, please visit: www.tranformationten.com ABOUT INNOSIGHT Innosight, the strategy and innovation business of global professional services firm Huron, helps organizations design and create the future, instead of being disrupted by it. Acquired by Huron in 2017, Innosight is the leading authority on disruptive innovation and strategic transformation. The company collaborates with clients across a range of industries to identify new growth opportunities, build new ventures and capabilities, and accelerate organizational change. Learn more at www.innosight.com and www.huronconsultinggroup.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Outsell Exceeds Sales Goals in Q1 2017 Next PostNext Kornit Digital Reports 2017 First Quarter Results Search Recent Posts EXCO Resources, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Results Ring Energy Announces Financial and Operating Results for First Quarter 2017 Steel Partners Holdings L.P. Reports First Quarter Financial Results and Outlook Golden Entertainment’s First Quarter Net Revenue Rises 17.1% to a Record $106.6 Million, Net Income Rises 138.6% to $5.3 Million and Adjusted EBITDA Rises 28.6% to $13.6 Million DroneDeploy Partners with DJI to Bring Complete Drone Mapping Solution to Construction RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Jane's 360 Jane's Airport 360 IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Register 360 My Preference 360 Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events CANSEC 2017 IDEX 2017 INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Defence HOME DEFENCE PLATFORMS SEA PLATFORMS ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Sea Platforms Xponential 2017: Liquid Robotics plots Wave Glider capability growth Huw Williams, Dallas - IHS Jane's International Defence Review 09 May 2017 Boeing subsidiary Liquid Robotics is examining a range of new capabilities for its Wave Glider platform and continues to introduce incremental improvements to the operationally proven platform. Wave Gliders have the capacity to carry a range of payloads. (Liquid Robotics) Speaking to Jane's at Xponential 2017 in Dallas, Texas, Liquid Robotics' executive vice-president, Daniel Middleton, said that while the platform is already able to meet many of the requirements outlined for such a system by military and commercial customers, it would not be a surprise if a larger vehicle was developed. One potential application for a larger variant, Middleton said, would see the vehicle act as a "mobile gas station", providing logistics support to other platforms, be they surface or sub-surface. To read the full article, Client Login (108 of 430 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defense Industry Solutions IHS Jane's Defense Industry & Market Intelligence Centre IHS Jane's Defense: News Intelligence Centre Module IHS Jane's DS Forecasting IHS Jane's Offsets Advisory Module IHS Jane's Defence: Platforms IHS Jane's Defence: Air & Space IHS Jane's Defence: Land IHS Jane's Defence: Sea IHS Jane's Defence: Sea Platforms IHS Jane's Fighting Ships IHS Jane's Unmanned Maritime Vehicles IHS Jane's International Defence Review AMERICAS Detention of US citizen highlights risks to individuals in North Korea and increasing interstate war risk COUNTRY RISK Xponential 2017: AeroVironment develops palm-sized UAV AIR PLATFORMS Xponential 2017: Kitware leverages computer vision system for enhanced SA C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT Xponential 2017: Trust is key to unlocking full benefits of autonomous systems MILITARY CAPABILITIES US Air Force X-37B orbital test vehicle returns to earth AIR PLATFORMS AMERICAS Detention of US citizen highlights risks to individuals in North Korea and increasing interstate war risk COUNTRY RISK Xponential 2017: AeroVironment develops palm-sized UAV AIR PLATFORMS Xponential 2017: Kitware leverages computer vision system for enhanced SA C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT Xponential 2017: Trust is key to unlocking full benefits of autonomous systems MILITARY CAPABILITIES US Air Force X-37B orbital test vehicle returns to earth AIR PLATFORMS DEFENCE INDUSTRY & MARKETS Australian defence budget rises 8.3% INDUSTRY BMT gets new chief executive INDUSTRY Exercise reveals NATO vulnerabilities to Russian hybrid threats in North Atlantic INDUSTRY FAdeA, Leonardo to sign a USD20 million agreement INDUSTRY IDEF 2017: Roketsan highlights weapon integration efforts INDUSTRY DEFENCE INDUSTRY & MARKETS Australian defence budget rises 8.3% LAND PLATFORMS BMT gets new chief executive LAND PLATFORMS Exercise reveals NATO vulnerabilities to Russian hybrid threats in North Atlantic C4ISR: MARITIME FAdeA, Leonardo to sign a USD20 million agreement INDUSTRY IDEF 2017: Roketsan highlights weapon integration efforts LAND PLATFORMS IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW IDEF 2017: Aselsan unveils new unmanned turret IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW Xponential 2017: AeroVironment develops palm-sized UAV IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW Xponential 2017: Kitware leverages computer vision system for enhanced SA IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW Xponential 2017: Trust is key to unlocking full benefits of autonomous systems IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW Leonardo to develop expendable decoy technology with RAF Rapid Capabilities Office IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW IDEF 2017: Aselsan unveils new unmanned turret INFANTRY WEAPONS Xponential 2017: AeroVironment develops palm-sized UAV AIR PLATFORMS Xponential 2017: Kitware leverages computer vision system for enhanced SA C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT Xponential 2017: Trust is key to unlocking full benefits of autonomous systems MILITARY CAPABILITIES Leonardo to develop expendable decoy technology with RAF Rapid Capabilities Office MILITARY CAPABILITIES FEATURED REPORT A great leap forward China is ramping up efforts to develop the industrial capabilities that can provide the People's Liberation Army with the edge it requires over regional rivals, as Jon Grevatt reports Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 844 301 7334 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3763 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Jane's Airport 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2017 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Sign In  /  Sign Up Invalid Email-Id Or Password!!! Email-Id  :       Password  :   Forgot Password? Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Enter your Email-id to retrieve your password Invalid Email-Id!!! Email-Id  :       Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz Lockheed Martin's F-35 Stealth Fighter Completes First European Deployment Dave Majumdar May 9, 2017 TweetShareShare The United States Air Force has completed its first ever overseas deployment of the stealthy new Lockheed Martin F-35A Joint Strike Fighter. Eight of the single-engine strike fighters deployed to RAF Lakenheath in Great Britain as part of the United States’ efforts to reassure America’s European allies and deter potential Russian aggression in the theater. The aircraft—which belong to the Thirty-Fourth Fighter Squadron—are normally stationed with the 388th Fighter Wing at Hill Air Force Base in Utah. “This exercise provided our pilots with the opportunity to practice working together to solve complex tactical scenarios using integrated operations that optimized both the F-35 and F-15’s capabilities,” said Lt. Col. Jason Zumwalt, commander of the 493rd Fighter Squadron, which flies the Boeing F-15C Eagle as of the Lakenheath-based Forty-Eighth Fighter Wing. “We found that by working together, we can achieve a higher level of performance than either aircraft can achieve alone.” With fourth-generation fighters expected to serve alongside newer fifth-generation stealth fighters for decades to come, integrating the two classes of aircraft is becoming increasingly important. While fifth-generation fighters such as the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor and F-35 bring stealth and advanced sensors and information systems to the fight, older fourth-generation jets bring a massive payload—which the low observable platforms lack. Together, the aircraft are an even more formidable team. “This deployment was a great opportunity for the 34th (FS) and the 48th (FW) to practice 4th and 5th generation fighter integration tactics,” Zumwalt said. “It was an honor to host the 34th (FS) at RAF Lakenheath, where we were able to integrate our operations in a shared workspace.” The deployment is also an opportunity for the United States Air Force to show off the new jet to NATO allies in the European theatre. The F-35, like the Lockheed Martin F-16 Fighting Falcon before it, will eventually make up the overwhelming bulk of the NATO alliance’s airpower assets. This deployment was a preview of sorts for many of those partner nations. Moreover, for the Forty-Eighth Fighter Wing—also called the “Liberty Wing”—the F-35 deployment is an opportunity to troubleshoot any potential issues that might crop up for when the JSF is permanently assigned to Lakenheath. The Forty-Eighth Fighter Wing is expected to trade in its powerful fleet of Boeing F-15E Strike Eagles and F-15C Eagles for three squadrons of F-35As in 2021. Thus, the deployment gave the wing’s pilots and maintainers an early look at their new mount. Dave Majumdar is the defense editor for The National Interest. You can follow him on Twitter: @davemajumdar. Image: U.S. Air Force       TweetShareShare View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Dave Majumdar Will the South China Sea Become the New Crimea? Xi Jinping has successfully avoided maritime overreach—but that might be about to change. Nicholas Lyall Tillerson Defines 'America First' Secretary Tillerson’s recent address to State Department employees was honest and direct. It establishes the basis for a policy that can both protect and advance U.S. national interests as well as assert American values. Paul J. Saunders The Anti-Russia Inquisition Intensifies Resurgent anti-Russia hysteria has broader, ominous implications for U.S. foreign policy and the health of political discourse in the United States.  Ted Galen Carpenter Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman More Electric Aircraft Market to Incur Rapid Extension 4% of CAGR Worldwide by 2021 The global more electric aircraft market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 4% during 2016-2021. This growth is driven due to production of next generation aircraft with more electric capabilities. As per the MRFR analysis, the use of electrical system has reduced the overall cost, thus result in improved operation. This also helps to control emission. The challenges associated with the market are the issues with electrical power system, issues in electrical generator associated with civilian and commercial usage of more electric aircraft. The Americas is leading the global more electric aircraft market; however the demand has increased from emerging nations such as EMEA and Asia Pacific in relation to growing demand for more electric aircraft in civil as well as military aircraft. Make an Enquiry @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1245 Key Players • Airbus, • Honeywell International, • Raytheon, • Safran, • The Boeing Company, • United Technologies Corporation, • Thales Group, • Zodiac Aerospace SA, • Bombardier, • TTTech Computertechnik. Study Objectives of More Electric Aircraft Market • To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global More Electric Aircraft Market • To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth • To analyse the Global More Electric Aircraft Market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porter’s five force analysis etc. • To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW) • To provide country-level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective • To provide country-level analysis of the market for segment by types and applications • To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analysing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market • To track and analyse competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global More Electric Aircraft Market Access Report Details @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/more-electric-aircra… The market report for More Electric Aircraft of Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance. The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides details information and strategies of the top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different market segments and regions. Continue… We are thankful for the support and assistance from Global More Electric Aircraft Market Research Report- Forecast to 2021 chain related technical experts and marketing experts during Research Team survey and interviews. About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. Media Contact: Akash Anand, Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ITC Hearing Aids Market Outlook – Latest Development and Market Trends Europe, the Middle East and Africa 2017-2021 Next PostNext Ceramic Feedthrough Capacitor Market Professional Survey by Booming Types & Application Report 2017 and Growth Forecasts to 2022 Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Balch Springs Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County Keller LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas North Richland Hills Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Trade Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Getty Images Supply-chain tech company plans layoffs, closure of North Texas facility Filed under Business at 13 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Melissa Repko Connect with Melissa Repko On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Supply-chain technology company World Wide Technology plans to lay off 156 people and shut down a Lewisville plant, the company said in a letter to the state. The Missouri-based provider of logistics technology has counted the government and Fortune 500 companies, such as AT&T, Boeing and Dell, among its customers. The company began as a product reseller in 1990 and has become a technology solution provider with more than 4,000 employees and over $9 billion in annual revenue, according to its company website. It was the highest-grossing black-owned business in the country in 2005 and 2006, according to Black Enterprise Magazine. In a letter to the Texas Workforce Commission, company officials said it was closing the Lewisville facility because of "market conditions." It plans to lay off employees in mid- to late July. The company has been called for comment. RadioShack may close Fort Worth headquarters as part of bankruptcy filing View Comments Tags Business Technology Lewisville Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Airborne ISR Market Development, Market Trend, Segmentation, Key Players and Forecast to 2021 Pune, Maharashtra — (SBWIRE) — 05/09/2017 — Market Synopsis of Airborne ISR Market The global Airborne ISR market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 4% during 2016-2021. This growth is driven due to growing demand of unmanned aerial vehicle, investments on ISR payloads, and procurement of multirole UAV remote sensors. The Americas is the dominant player with 55% of the market share and is likely to be the leading region in the forecast period. Whereas, with the growing defense spending and procurement of airborne systems, APAC region will grow significantly at a CAGR of around 9% during the forecast period. Key Players -BAE Systems -L-3 Communication -Lockheed Martin -Northrop Grumman -UTC Aerospace Systems -Boeing -General Dynamics -Raytheon -Rockwell Collins Request a Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1334 Segments The market for global organic baby food market is segmented on the basis of by Systems and by Purpose, by Geography; On basis of Systems: -AEWC -Sensor -Electronic Warfare -Maritime Patrol On basis of Purpose: -Intelligence, -Surveillance, -Reconnaissance Global Airborne ISR Market ($ billion), 2016-2021 The need for UAV remote sensors emerged from the changes in military security missions, such as, shift to Net-centric warfare (NCW), increasing Low intensity conflicts (LIC), need for persistence, and reduced tolerance to casualties. Taste the market data and market information presented through more than 50 market data tables and figures spread in 110 numbers of pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content TOC & market synopsis on „Global Airborne ISR Market Research Report – Forecast to 2021” „Ask for your specific company profile and country level customization on reports.” Browse full report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/airborne-isr-market Table of content 1. Introduction 1.1 Report Description 1.2 Research Objective 2. Executive Summary 2.1 Key Findings / Highlights 2.1.1 Investment Opportunities 2.1.2 Market Startegies 2.1.3 Latest Developments 3. Scope of The Study 3.1 Markets Covered 3.2 Years Considered For The Study (2016-2021) 3.2 Geographic Scope 3.3 Key Stakeholders 4. Assumptions And Limitations 5. Research Methodology 5.1 Primary Research 5.2 Secondary Research 5.3 Econometric And Forecasting Model 6. Market Size Estimation 6.1 Top Down Approach 6.2 Bottom Up Approach Continued….. Reasons to Purchase this report: From an insight perspective, this research report has focused on various levels of analyses—industry analysis (industry trends), market share analysis of top players, supply chain analysis, and company profiles, which together comprise and discuss the basic views on the competitive landscape, emerging and high-growth segments of the Global Airborne ISR Market, high-growth regions, and market drivers, restraints, and opportunities. Related Reports Global Aerospace Composites Market by Types (Glass Fiber, Carbon Fiber and Aramid Fiber), by Applications (Commercial and Military) and by Geography- Forecast To 2021. Know more about this report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/aerospace-composites-market About Market Research Future At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. Contact: Akash Anand, Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India 646-845-9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hong Kong Medical Devices and Supplies Fair Opens Next Tuesday Next PostNext Global Gel Batteries Market 2017 by Key Manufacturers: Coslight, DYNAVOLT, EXIDE Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman UPDATE – Ten Companies Lead in Responding to Radical Market Change and Reinventing Themselves for a Different Future, According to New Analysis of Public Company Data LEXINGTON, MA–(Marketwired – May 9, 2017) – As the pace of change accelerates in virtually every industry, a new study has identified the 10 global companies that have done the best job of remaking their businesses. The list — which includes celebrated tech innovators like Amazon and Netflix as well as standouts from industries that don’t as frequently make innovation headlines, including health care company DaVita and food and beverage giant Danone — offers insights into how market leaders can sustain growth even as disruption threatens their historically successful core business. The Transformation 10, a new report by growth strategy consulting firm Innosight, analyzed 1,000 companies and engaged a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges included former P&G CEO A.G. Lafley, former Boeing Defense CEO Chris Chadwick, and Columbia business professor Rita Gunther McGrath. Online retailer Amazon and entertainment firm Netflix were tied atop the rankings, followed (in order) by travel-technology company Priceline; global tech firm Apple; health insurer Aetna; software company Adobe; health care firm DaVita; computer and software maker Microsoft; food and beverage company Danone; and steel maker ThyssenKrupp. „A company survives and thrives over time based not on its size at any given time, but on its ability to adapt to disruption and to reposition itself to create a new future. We believe that by identifying companies that are transforming successfully, we can gain a better understanding of the dynamics and success factors of transformation,” notes Innosight managing partner Scott Anthony, who is the co-author of the just-released Dual Transformation: How to Reposition Today’s Business While Creating the Future (Harvard Business Review Press). Each company in the Transformation 10 found a way to create new growth while repositioning its traditional business: 1. Online retail giant Amazon developed technology to streamline internal operations, then turned it into a cloud computing platform that Amazon began selling to outside customers as large as the U.S. government. Since beginning what is now Amazon Web Services (AWS) in 2006, the new growth area now delivers about 10% of revenue, and accounted for more than half of Amazon’s operating profit in 2015. At the same time, Amazon has steadily fortified its core online retail business with new categories, including a growing library of music, movies and original programming. 2. Video entertainment company Netflix began shifting its business model to include on-demand streaming as well as traditional hard-copy DVD rentals in 2007. That core business of hard-copy rentals continues to exist, albeit in a diminished state. Meanwhile, Netflix’s domestic and international streaming business posted almost 90% of the firm’s revenue in 2015, and the company has been producing and commissioning its own content since 2013, another potential source of growth. 3. Travel-technology company Priceline was already the world leader in online travel in 2010, when it decided to provide a more complete service that included the „long tail” of travel suppliers beyond the major hotels (e.g., independent hotels, apartment buildings). To capture that new growth, Priceline acquired companies like Bookings.com and KAYAK, and the new growth business generated about 25% of revenue in 2015. Simultaneously, Priceline recalibrated its core business around helping customers plan a complete travel experience — much like an online concierge. 4. Beginning in 2007, computer giant Apple moved beyond its successful computer hardware business to create the world’s biggest ecosystem for digital content — and then to build on that ecosystem with new devices like the iPhone. Apple continues to be a manufacturer of computers, but the revenue from the firm’s digital networks and related products now accounts for 80% of the company. 5. Health insurer Aetna’s traditional model of selling health insurance through employers has grown nearly 80% over the last four years. Starting in 2010, the firm also began selling care management directly to consumers, and health care IT services to providers. Revenue from these newer, „value-based” contracts now accounts for about 40% of overall firm revenue. 6. Software company Adobe dominated the market for creating and designing documents and images, thanks to brands like Photoshop, Illustrator and Acrobat. But by 2008, fearing a saturated user base and a shift to cloud-based business models, the firm announced a new focus on digital marketing and analytics through a software as a service (SaaS) business model. The core business of packaged creative software lives on as the Creative Cloud subscription service, and new growth through digital marketing now creates almost half (45%) of overall revenue. 7. Health care firm DaVita specialized in kidney dialysis, making its money on a traditional fee-for-service business model and becoming one of the largest operators in its field. But starting in 2012, DaVita began building an „integrated delivery network” to deliver dialysis care as well as manage patients’ total healthcare. The core business — dialysis care — has nearly doubled over the last 10 years, while new growth now delivers 30% of total revenue. 8. Computer firm Microsoft continues to sell hardware and software; its legacy business offering still accounts for about half the company. But, starting in 2010, the firm made a bet on embracing cloud-based technology — while building up its hardware business. Its Intelligent Cloud business, which includes Azure and on-premises server software, reported 2016 revenue of more than $25 billion, almost a third (32%) of the company total. 9. French food and beverage firm Danone moved beyond its traditional yogurt business to grow a portfolio of health brands, including baby foods and other early life nutrition products. Those newer brands now generate 29% of Danone’s revenue, up from just 3% in 2006. At the same time, a slimmed-down core business, refocused on healthy yogurts and other nutritional foods, is still profitable and accounts for the majority of the business. 10. German steel maker ThyssenKrupp, under pressure from low-cost producers in Asia, decided to move drastically away from making and selling steel. Instead, in 2012 the firm began investing in industrial solutions, providing capital equipment, software and services to manufacturers, including refineries and automakers. The new growth area already accounts for 47% of total company revenue. The Transformation 10 report highlights a few takeaways and lessons that can help business leaders respond to market disruption and position their companies for the future, including: Transformational CEOs tend to be „insider outsiders.” Typically it’s not a complete outsider who instigates the change, but a leader who worked at the edges of the organization or in a parallel part of the industry. Transformation involves two separate journeys. The most effective transformation efforts are not monolithic but take a two-pronged approach: repositioning the core business while creating the future growth business. Transformation can only take root if you are constantly telling a story about the future. To transform a company, the CEO must also act as the „storyteller in chief.” That means telling different aspects of the same transformation narrative to all the constituencies and stakeholders in and of the company. Develop a roadmap for transformation before disruption takes hold. By the time the need to transform is clear, it is often too late. Leaders need to stay ahead of new technologies and competitors that can derail their business and act before fault lines are entirely clear. ABOUT THE TRANSFORMATION 10 RESEARCH The research focused on 57 companies from the S&P 500 and Global 500 that had made significant public commitments to transformation. The analysis evaluated public companies through three lenses: new growth, success in repositioning the core, and select financial metrics.  To assess areas of new growth, Innosight measured how successful these companies have been at creating new products, services, markets and business models, and in that process determined the percent of revenue that can be attributed to new growth areas. To measure success in repositioning the core business, Innosight examined how effectively these companies adapted their traditional businesses to changes or disruptions in their markets. The financial metrics that Innosight analyzed combined annual growth rate (CAGR) of each company’s revenue and stock price, as well as overall profitability, during their respective transformation periods. After narrowing down to a list of 18 companies, Innosight worked with a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges were: Chris Chadwick, former CEO, Boeing Defense; Clay Christensen, Professor, Harvard Business School and Innosight co-founder; Scott Cook, Founder and Chairman of Intuit; Matthew Eyring, Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer at Vivint; A.G. Lafley, former CEO of Procter & Gamble; Rita McGrath, Professor, Columbia Business School; Teo Ming Kian, Director Temasek and Chairman Vertex Holdings; Theodor Weimer, Country Chairman, UniCredit. To read the Transformation 10 report, please visit: www.transformationten.com ABOUT INNOSIGHT Innosight, the strategy and innovation business of global professional services firm Huron, helps organizations design and create the future, instead of being disrupted by it. Acquired by Huron in 2017, Innosight is the leading authority on disruptive innovation and strategic transformation. The company collaborates with clients across a range of industries to identify new growth opportunities, build new ventures and capabilities, and accelerate organizational change. Learn more at www.innosight.com and www.huronconsultinggroup.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Property Law Requiring Licenses For All Home Inspectors Will Help Thousands Of Homeowners Next PostNext 2022 Global Texture Paint Sales Analysis Forecast – Market Attractiveness & Development With Key Vendors Akzonobel, Nippon Paint, Berger Paints Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Research, Key Players, Industry Overview, Supply and Consumption Demand Analysis to 2022 Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market provides detailed market segment level data on the international market. The Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market report addresses forecast and growth patterns by company, regions and type or application from 2017 to 2022. The Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market research report introduce incorporates analysis of definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. Besides this, the Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market report also consists of development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status. The report starts with a basic Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market overview. It also acts as a vital tool to industries active across the value chain and for new entrants by enabling them to take advantage of the opportunities and develop business strategies. Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market by Key Players: Honeywell International, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon Company, Boeing Company, Sagem and Many More…. Get Sample PDF @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10617789 Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market report helps the companies to better understand the market trends and to grasp opportunities and articulate critical business strategies. Also includes company profiles of market key players contact information, gross capacity, product details of each firm, price, and cost are covered. Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market by Product Type: Flight Control Systems, Communication, Navigation & Surveillance (CNS) Systems, Flight Management Systems, Other Major Applications of Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market: Fixed Wing Aircraft, Rotary Wing Aircraft. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Research Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10617789 This section of the Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market research report includes analysis of major raw materials suppliers, manufacturing equipment suppliers, major players of the Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry, key consumers, and supply chain relationship. The contact information is also provided along with this analysis. Several important areas are covered in this Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market research report. Some key points among them: –Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Competition by Manufacturers; Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2011-2016); Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016); Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type; Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Analysis by Application; Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis; Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Manufacturing Cost Analysis; Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers; Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders; Market Effect Factors Analysis; Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Forecast (2016-2022); Along with this, analysis of depreciation cost, manufacturing cost structure, manufacturing process is also carried out. Price, cost, and gross analysis of the Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market is also included in this section. For Any Query on Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market, Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10617789    The Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market research report shed light on Foremost Regions: China, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, India, Southeast Asia, Australia. The Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry research report is a valuable source of guidance and direction. It is helpful for established businesses, new entrants in the market as well as individuals interested in the market. The Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market report provides important statistics on the existing state of the said market. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsAerospace, aerospace & defense, Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Industry, Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market, Asia-Pacific Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Analysis, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious High-fructose Corn Syrup (HFCS) Market Study by Price, Revenue and Gross Margin Analysis with Trending Geographical Data, its Vital Types and Application from 2017 to 2021 Next PostNext Disposable Gloves Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2019 Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Innosight May 09, 2017 11:34 ET UPDATE - Ten Companies Lead in Responding to Radical Market Change and Reinventing Themselves for a Different Future, According to New Analysis of Public Company Data The "Transformation 10" Goes Beyond Celebrated Tech Companies, Says Innosight LEXINGTON, MA--(Marketwired - May 9, 2017) - As the pace of change accelerates in virtually every industry, a new study has identified the 10 global companies that have done the best job of remaking their businesses. The list -- which includes celebrated tech innovators like Amazon and Netflix as well as standouts from industries that don't as frequently make innovation headlines, including health care company DaVita and food and beverage giant Danone -- offers insights into how market leaders can sustain growth even as disruption threatens their historically successful core business. The Transformation 10, a new report by growth strategy consulting firm Innosight, analyzed 1,000 companies and engaged a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges included former P&G CEO A.G. Lafley, former Boeing Defense CEO Chris Chadwick, and Columbia business professor Rita Gunther McGrath. Online retailer Amazon and entertainment firm Netflix were tied atop the rankings, followed (in order) by travel-technology company Priceline; global tech firm Apple; health insurer Aetna; software company Adobe; health care firm DaVita; computer and software maker Microsoft; food and beverage company Danone; and steel maker ThyssenKrupp. "A company survives and thrives over time based not on its size at any given time, but on its ability to adapt to disruption and to reposition itself to create a new future. We believe that by identifying companies that are transforming successfully, we can gain a better understanding of the dynamics and success factors of transformation," notes Innosight managing partner Scott Anthony, who is the co-author of the just-released Dual Transformation: How to Reposition Today's Business While Creating the Future (Harvard Business Review Press). Each company in the Transformation 10 found a way to create new growth while repositioning its traditional business: 1. Online retail giant Amazon developed technology to streamline internal operations, then turned it into a cloud computing platform that Amazon began selling to outside customers as large as the U.S. government. Since beginning what is now Amazon Web Services (AWS) in 2006, the new growth area now delivers about 10% of revenue, and accounted for more than half of Amazon's operating profit in 2015. At the same time, Amazon has steadily fortified its core online retail business with new categories, including a growing library of music, movies and original programming. 2. Video entertainment company Netflix began shifting its business model to include on-demand streaming as well as traditional hard-copy DVD rentals in 2007. That core business of hard-copy rentals continues to exist, albeit in a diminished state. Meanwhile, Netflix's domestic and international streaming business posted almost 90% of the firm's revenue in 2015, and the company has been producing and commissioning its own content since 2013, another potential source of growth. 3. Travel-technology company Priceline was already the world leader in online travel in 2010, when it decided to provide a more complete service that included the "long tail" of travel suppliers beyond the major hotels (e.g., independent hotels, apartment buildings). To capture that new growth, Priceline acquired companies like Bookings.com and KAYAK, and the new growth business generated about 25% of revenue in 2015. Simultaneously, Priceline recalibrated its core business around helping customers plan a complete travel experience -- much like an online concierge. 4. Beginning in 2007, computer giant Apple moved beyond its successful computer hardware business to create the world's biggest ecosystem for digital content -- and then to build on that ecosystem with new devices like the iPhone. Apple continues to be a manufacturer of computers, but the revenue from the firm's digital networks and related products now accounts for 80% of the company. 5. Health insurer Aetna's traditional model of selling health insurance through employers has grown nearly 80% over the last four years. Starting in 2010, the firm also began selling care management directly to consumers, and health care IT services to providers. Revenue from these newer, "value-based" contracts now accounts for about 40% of overall firm revenue. 6. Software company Adobe dominated the market for creating and designing documents and images, thanks to brands like Photoshop, Illustrator and Acrobat. But by 2008, fearing a saturated user base and a shift to cloud-based business models, the firm announced a new focus on digital marketing and analytics through a software as a service (SaaS) business model. The core business of packaged creative software lives on as the Creative Cloud subscription service, and new growth through digital marketing now creates almost half (45%) of overall revenue. 7. Health care firm DaVita specialized in kidney dialysis, making its money on a traditional fee-for-service business model and becoming one of the largest operators in its field. But starting in 2012, DaVita began building an "integrated delivery network" to deliver dialysis care as well as manage patients' total healthcare. The core business -- dialysis care -- has nearly doubled over the last 10 years, while new growth now delivers 30% of total revenue. 8. Computer firm Microsoft continues to sell hardware and software; its legacy business offering still accounts for about half the company. But, starting in 2010, the firm made a bet on embracing cloud-based technology -- while building up its hardware business. Its Intelligent Cloud business, which includes Azure and on-premises server software, reported 2016 revenue of more than $25 billion, almost a third (32%) of the company total. 9. French food and beverage firm Danone moved beyond its traditional yogurt business to grow a portfolio of health brands, including baby foods and other early life nutrition products. Those newer brands now generate 29% of Danone's revenue, up from just 3% in 2006. At the same time, a slimmed-down core business, refocused on healthy yogurts and other nutritional foods, is still profitable and accounts for the majority of the business. 10. German steel maker ThyssenKrupp, under pressure from low-cost producers in Asia, decided to move drastically away from making and selling steel. Instead, in 2012 the firm began investing in industrial solutions, providing capital equipment, software and services to manufacturers, including refineries and automakers. The new growth area already accounts for 47% of total company revenue. The Transformation 10 report highlights a few takeaways and lessons that can help business leaders respond to market disruption and position their companies for the future, including: Transformational CEOs tend to be "insider outsiders." Typically it's not a complete outsider who instigates the change, but a leader who worked at the edges of the organization or in a parallel part of the industry. Transformation involves two separate journeys. The most effective transformation efforts are not monolithic but take a two-pronged approach: repositioning the core business while creating the future growth business. Transformation can only take root if you are constantly telling a story about the future. To transform a company, the CEO must also act as the "storyteller in chief." That means telling different aspects of the same transformation narrative to all the constituencies and stakeholders in and of the company. Develop a roadmap for transformation before disruption takes hold. By the time the need to transform is clear, it is often too late. Leaders need to stay ahead of new technologies and competitors that can derail their business and act before fault lines are entirely clear. ABOUT THE TRANSFORMATION 10 RESEARCH The research focused on 57 companies from the S&P 500 and Global 500 that had made significant public commitments to transformation. The analysis evaluated public companies through three lenses: new growth, success in repositioning the core, and select financial metrics.  To assess areas of new growth, Innosight measured how successful these companies have been at creating new products, services, markets and business models, and in that process determined the percent of revenue that can be attributed to new growth areas. To measure success in repositioning the core business, Innosight examined how effectively these companies adapted their traditional businesses to changes or disruptions in their markets. The financial metrics that Innosight analyzed combined annual growth rate (CAGR) of each company's revenue and stock price, as well as overall profitability, during their respective transformation periods. After narrowing down to a list of 18 companies, Innosight worked with a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges were: Chris Chadwick, former CEO, Boeing Defense; Clay Christensen, Professor, Harvard Business School and Innosight co-founder; Scott Cook, Founder and Chairman of Intuit; Matthew Eyring, Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer at Vivint; A.G. Lafley, former CEO of Procter & Gamble; Rita McGrath, Professor, Columbia Business School; Teo Ming Kian, Director Temasek and Chairman Vertex Holdings; Theodor Weimer, Country Chairman, UniCredit. To read the Transformation 10 report, please visit: www.transformationten.com ABOUT INNOSIGHT Innosight, the strategy and innovation business of global professional services firm Huron, helps organizations design and create the future, instead of being disrupted by it. Acquired by Huron in 2017, Innosight is the leading authority on disruptive innovation and strategic transformation. The company collaborates with clients across a range of industries to identify new growth opportunities, build new ventures and capabilities, and accelerate organizational change. Learn more at www.innosight.com and www.huronconsultinggroup.com. Contact Information For more information, or to speak with Scott Anthony, please contact: Eric Mosher Sommerfield Communications +1 (212) 255-8386 Eric@sommerfield.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Innosight From this industry Education and Training Medical and Healthcare Professional Services From this sub-industry Training/Online Healthcare Non Profits Engineering Other Professional Services Consulting See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Innosight May 09, 2017 11:34 ET UPDATE - Ten Companies Lead in Responding to Radical Market Change and Reinventing Themselves for a Different Future, According to New Analysis of Public Company Data The "Transformation 10" Goes Beyond Celebrated Tech Companies, Says Innosight LEXINGTON, MA--(Marketwired - May 9, 2017) - As the pace of change accelerates in virtually every industry, a new study has identified the 10 global companies that have done the best job of remaking their businesses. The list -- which includes celebrated tech innovators like Amazon and Netflix as well as standouts from industries that don't as frequently make innovation headlines, including health care company DaVita and food and beverage giant Danone -- offers insights into how market leaders can sustain growth even as disruption threatens their historically successful core business. The Transformation 10, a new report by growth strategy consulting firm Innosight, analyzed 1,000 companies and engaged a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges included former P&G CEO A.G. Lafley, former Boeing Defense CEO Chris Chadwick, and Columbia business professor Rita Gunther McGrath. Online retailer Amazon and entertainment firm Netflix were tied atop the rankings, followed (in order) by travel-technology company Priceline; global tech firm Apple; health insurer Aetna; software company Adobe; health care firm DaVita; computer and software maker Microsoft; food and beverage company Danone; and steel maker ThyssenKrupp. "A company survives and thrives over time based not on its size at any given time, but on its ability to adapt to disruption and to reposition itself to create a new future. We believe that by identifying companies that are transforming successfully, we can gain a better understanding of the dynamics and success factors of transformation," notes Innosight managing partner Scott Anthony, who is the co-author of the just-released Dual Transformation: How to Reposition Today's Business While Creating the Future (Harvard Business Review Press). Each company in the Transformation 10 found a way to create new growth while repositioning its traditional business: 1. Online retail giant Amazon developed technology to streamline internal operations, then turned it into a cloud computing platform that Amazon began selling to outside customers as large as the U.S. government. Since beginning what is now Amazon Web Services (AWS) in 2006, the new growth area now delivers about 10% of revenue, and accounted for more than half of Amazon's operating profit in 2015. At the same time, Amazon has steadily fortified its core online retail business with new categories, including a growing library of music, movies and original programming. 2. Video entertainment company Netflix began shifting its business model to include on-demand streaming as well as traditional hard-copy DVD rentals in 2007. That core business of hard-copy rentals continues to exist, albeit in a diminished state. Meanwhile, Netflix's domestic and international streaming business posted almost 90% of the firm's revenue in 2015, and the company has been producing and commissioning its own content since 2013, another potential source of growth. 3. Travel-technology company Priceline was already the world leader in online travel in 2010, when it decided to provide a more complete service that included the "long tail" of travel suppliers beyond the major hotels (e.g., independent hotels, apartment buildings). To capture that new growth, Priceline acquired companies like Bookings.com and KAYAK, and the new growth business generated about 25% of revenue in 2015. Simultaneously, Priceline recalibrated its core business around helping customers plan a complete travel experience -- much like an online concierge. 4. Beginning in 2007, computer giant Apple moved beyond its successful computer hardware business to create the world's biggest ecosystem for digital content -- and then to build on that ecosystem with new devices like the iPhone. Apple continues to be a manufacturer of computers, but the revenue from the firm's digital networks and related products now accounts for 80% of the company. 5. Health insurer Aetna's traditional model of selling health insurance through employers has grown nearly 80% over the last four years. Starting in 2010, the firm also began selling care management directly to consumers, and health care IT services to providers. Revenue from these newer, "value-based" contracts now accounts for about 40% of overall firm revenue. 6. Software company Adobe dominated the market for creating and designing documents and images, thanks to brands like Photoshop, Illustrator and Acrobat. But by 2008, fearing a saturated user base and a shift to cloud-based business models, the firm announced a new focus on digital marketing and analytics through a software as a service (SaaS) business model. The core business of packaged creative software lives on as the Creative Cloud subscription service, and new growth through digital marketing now creates almost half (45%) of overall revenue. 7. Health care firm DaVita specialized in kidney dialysis, making its money on a traditional fee-for-service business model and becoming one of the largest operators in its field. But starting in 2012, DaVita began building an "integrated delivery network" to deliver dialysis care as well as manage patients' total healthcare. The core business -- dialysis care -- has nearly doubled over the last 10 years, while new growth now delivers 30% of total revenue. 8. Computer firm Microsoft continues to sell hardware and software; its legacy business offering still accounts for about half the company. But, starting in 2010, the firm made a bet on embracing cloud-based technology -- while building up its hardware business. Its Intelligent Cloud business, which includes Azure and on-premises server software, reported 2016 revenue of more than $25 billion, almost a third (32%) of the company total. 9. French food and beverage firm Danone moved beyond its traditional yogurt business to grow a portfolio of health brands, including baby foods and other early life nutrition products. Those newer brands now generate 29% of Danone's revenue, up from just 3% in 2006. At the same time, a slimmed-down core business, refocused on healthy yogurts and other nutritional foods, is still profitable and accounts for the majority of the business. 10. German steel maker ThyssenKrupp, under pressure from low-cost producers in Asia, decided to move drastically away from making and selling steel. Instead, in 2012 the firm began investing in industrial solutions, providing capital equipment, software and services to manufacturers, including refineries and automakers. The new growth area already accounts for 47% of total company revenue. The Transformation 10 report highlights a few takeaways and lessons that can help business leaders respond to market disruption and position their companies for the future, including: Transformational CEOs tend to be "insider outsiders." Typically it's not a complete outsider who instigates the change, but a leader who worked at the edges of the organization or in a parallel part of the industry. Transformation involves two separate journeys. The most effective transformation efforts are not monolithic but take a two-pronged approach: repositioning the core business while creating the future growth business. Transformation can only take root if you are constantly telling a story about the future. To transform a company, the CEO must also act as the "storyteller in chief." That means telling different aspects of the same transformation narrative to all the constituencies and stakeholders in and of the company. Develop a roadmap for transformation before disruption takes hold. By the time the need to transform is clear, it is often too late. Leaders need to stay ahead of new technologies and competitors that can derail their business and act before fault lines are entirely clear. ABOUT THE TRANSFORMATION 10 RESEARCH The research focused on 57 companies from the S&P 500 and Global 500 that had made significant public commitments to transformation. The analysis evaluated public companies through three lenses: new growth, success in repositioning the core, and select financial metrics.  To assess areas of new growth, Innosight measured how successful these companies have been at creating new products, services, markets and business models, and in that process determined the percent of revenue that can be attributed to new growth areas. To measure success in repositioning the core business, Innosight examined how effectively these companies adapted their traditional businesses to changes or disruptions in their markets. The financial metrics that Innosight analyzed combined annual growth rate (CAGR) of each company's revenue and stock price, as well as overall profitability, during their respective transformation periods. After narrowing down to a list of 18 companies, Innosight worked with a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges were: Chris Chadwick, former CEO, Boeing Defense; Clay Christensen, Professor, Harvard Business School and Innosight co-founder; Scott Cook, Founder and Chairman of Intuit; Matthew Eyring, Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer at Vivint; A.G. Lafley, former CEO of Procter & Gamble; Rita McGrath, Professor, Columbia Business School; Teo Ming Kian, Director Temasek and Chairman Vertex Holdings; Theodor Weimer, Country Chairman, UniCredit. To read the Transformation 10 report, please visit: www.transformationten.com ABOUT INNOSIGHT Innosight, the strategy and innovation business of global professional services firm Huron, helps organizations design and create the future, instead of being disrupted by it. Acquired by Huron in 2017, Innosight is the leading authority on disruptive innovation and strategic transformation. The company collaborates with clients across a range of industries to identify new growth opportunities, build new ventures and capabilities, and accelerate organizational change. Learn more at www.innosight.com and www.huronconsultinggroup.com. Contact Information For more information, or to speak with Scott Anthony, please contact: Eric Mosher Sommerfield Communications +1 (212) 255-8386 Eric@sommerfield.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Innosight From this industry Education and Training Medical and Healthcare Professional Services From this sub-industry Training/Online Healthcare Non Profits Engineering Other Professional Services Consulting See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Innosight May 09, 2017 10:00 ET Ten Companies Lead in Responding to Radical Market Change and Reinventing Themselves for a Different Future, According to New Analysis of Public Company Data The "Transformation 10" Goes Beyond Celebrated Tech Companies, Says Innosight LEXINGTON, MA--(Marketwired - May 9, 2017) - As the pace of change accelerates in virtually every industry, a new study has identified the 10 global companies that have done the best job of remaking their businesses. The list -- which includes celebrated tech innovators like Amazon and Netflix as well as standouts from industries that don't as frequently make innovation headlines, including health care company DaVita and food and beverage giant Danone -- offers insights into how market leaders can sustain growth even as disruption threatens their historically successful core business. The Transformation 10, a new report by growth strategy consulting firm Innosight, analyzed 1,000 companies and engaged a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges included former P&G CEO A.G. Lafley, former Boeing Defense CEO Chris Chadwick, and Columbia business professor Rita Gunther McGrath. Online retailer Amazon and entertainment firm Netflix were tied atop the rankings, followed (in order) by travel-technology company Priceline; global tech firm Apple; health insurer Aetna; software company Adobe; health care firm DaVita; computer and software maker Microsoft; food and beverage company Danone; and steel maker ThyssenKrupp. "A company survives and thrives over time based not on its size at any given time, but on its ability to adapt to disruption and to reposition itself to create a new future. We believe that by identifying companies that are transforming successfully, we can gain a better understanding of the dynamics and success factors of transformation," notes Innosight managing partner Scott Anthony, who is the co-author of the just-released Dual Transformation: How to Reposition Today's Business While Creating the Future (Harvard Business Review Press). Each company in the Transformation 10 found a way to create new growth while repositioning its traditional business: 1. Online retail giant Amazon developed technology to streamline internal operations, then turned it into a cloud computing platform that Amazon began selling to outside customers as large as the U.S. government. Since beginning what is now Amazon Web Services (AWS) in 2006, the new growth area now delivers about 10% of revenue, and accounted for more than half of Amazon's operating profit in 2015. At the same time, Amazon has steadily fortified its core online retail business with new categories, including a growing library of music, movies and original programming. 2. Video entertainment company Netflix began shifting its business model to include on-demand streaming as well as traditional hard-copy DVD rentals in 2007. That core business of hard-copy rentals continues to exist, albeit in a diminished state. Meanwhile, Netflix's domestic and international streaming business posted almost 90% of the firm's revenue in 2015, and the company has been producing and commissioning its own content since 2013, another potential source of growth. 3. Travel-technology company Priceline was already the world leader in online travel in 2010, when it decided to provide a more complete service that included the "long tail" of travel suppliers beyond the major hotels (e.g., independent hotels, apartment buildings). To capture that new growth, Priceline acquired companies like Bookings.com and KAYAK, and the new growth business generated about 25% of revenue in 2015. Simultaneously, Priceline recalibrated its core business around helping customers plan a complete travel experience -- much like an online concierge. 4. Beginning in 2007, computer giant Apple moved beyond its successful computer hardware business to create the world's biggest ecosystem for digital content -- and then to build on that ecosystem with new devices like the iPhone. Apple continues to be a manufacturer of computers, but the revenue from the firm's digital networks and related products now accounts for 80% of the company. 5. Health insurer Aetna's traditional model of selling health insurance through employers has grown nearly 80% over the last four years. Starting in 2010, the firm also began selling care management directly to consumers, and health care IT services to providers. Revenue from these newer, "value-based" contracts now accounts for about 40% of overall firm revenue. 6. Software company Adobe dominated the market for creating and designing documents and images, thanks to brands like Photoshop, Illustrator and Acrobat. But by 2008, fearing a saturated user base and a shift to cloud-based business models, the firm announced a new focus on digital marketing and analytics through a software as a service (SaaS) business model. The core business of packaged creative software lives on as the Creative Cloud subscription service, and new growth through digital marketing now creates almost half (45%) of overall revenue. 7. Health care firm DaVita specialized in kidney dialysis, making its money on a traditional fee-for-service business model and becoming one of the largest operators in its field. But starting in 2012, DaVita began building an "integrated delivery network" to deliver dialysis care as well as manage patients' total healthcare. The core business -- dialysis care -- has nearly doubled over the last 10 years, while new growth now delivers 30% of total revenue. 8. Computer firm Microsoft continues to sell hardware and software; its legacy business offering still accounts for about half the company. But, starting in 2010, the firm made a bet on embracing cloud-based technology -- while building up its hardware business. Its Intelligent Cloud business, which includes Azure and on-premises server software, reported 2016 revenue of more than $25 billion, almost a third (32%) of the company total. 9. French food and beverage firm Danone moved beyond its traditional yogurt business to grow a portfolio of health brands, including baby foods and other early life nutrition products. Those newer brands now generate 29% of Danone's revenue, up from just 3% in 2006. At the same time, a slimmed-down core business, refocused on healthy yogurts and other nutritional foods, is still profitable and accounts for the majority of the business. 10. German steel maker ThyssenKrupp, under pressure from low-cost producers in Asia, decided to move drastically away from making and selling steel. Instead, in 2012 the firm began investing in industrial solutions, providing capital equipment, software and services to manufacturers, including refineries and automakers. The new growth area already accounts for 47% of total company revenue. The Transformation 10 report highlights a few takeaways and lessons that can help business leaders respond to market disruption and position their companies for the future, including: Transformational CEOs tend to be "insider outsiders." Typically it's not a complete outsider who instigates the change, but a leader who worked at the edges of the organization or in a parallel part of the industry. Transformation involves two separate journeys. The most effective transformation efforts are not monolithic but take a two-pronged approach: repositioning the core business while creating the future growth business. Transformation can only take root if you are constantly telling a story about the future. To transform a company, the CEO must also act as the "storyteller in chief." That means telling different aspects of the same transformation narrative to all the constituencies and stakeholders in and of the company. Develop a roadmap for transformation before disruption takes hold. By the time the need to transform is clear, it is often too late. Leaders need to stay ahead of new technologies and competitors that can derail their business and act before fault lines are entirely clear. ABOUT THE TRANSFORMATION 10 RESEARCH The research focused on 57 companies from the S&P 500 and Global 500 that had made significant public commitments to transformation. The analysis evaluated public companies through three lenses: new growth, success in repositioning the core, and select financial metrics.  To assess areas of new growth, Innosight measured how successful these companies have been at creating new products, services, markets and business models, and in that process determined the percent of revenue that can be attributed to new growth areas. To measure success in repositioning the core business, Innosight examined how effectively these companies adapted their traditional businesses to changes or disruptions in their markets. The financial metrics that Innosight analyzed combined annual growth rate (CAGR) of each company's revenue and stock price, as well as overall profitability, during their respective transformation periods. After narrowing down to a list of 18 companies, Innosight worked with a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges were: Chris Chadwick, former CEO, Boeing Defense; Clay Christensen, Professor, Harvard Business School and Innosight co-founder; Scott Cook, Founder and Chairman of Intuit; Matthew Eyring, Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer at Vivint; A.G. Lafley, former CEO of Procter & Gamble; Rita McGrath, Professor, Columbia Business School; Teo Ming Kian, Director Temasek and Chairman Vertex Holdings; Theodor Weimer, Country Chairman, UniCredit. To read the Transformation 10 report, please visit: www.tranformationten.com ABOUT INNOSIGHT Innosight, the strategy and innovation business of global professional services firm Huron, helps organizations design and create the future, instead of being disrupted by it. Acquired by Huron in 2017, Innosight is the leading authority on disruptive innovation and strategic transformation. The company collaborates with clients across a range of industries to identify new growth opportunities, build new ventures and capabilities, and accelerate organizational change. Learn more at www.innosight.com and www.huronconsultinggroup.com. Contact Information For more information, or to speak with Scott Anthony, please contact: Eric Mosher Sommerfield Communications +1 (212) 255-8386 Eric@sommerfield.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Innosight From this industry Education and Training Medical and Healthcare Professional Services From this sub-industry Training/Online Healthcare Non Profits Engineering Other Professional Services Consulting See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
147686468041 Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 1 Weather 46° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Nassau Coliseum Circus Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Mother's Day Spring Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery search Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Business CPI Aerostructures stock soars on A-10 wing replacement plans Updated May 9, 2017 5:49 PM By Ken Schachter  kenneth.schachter@newsday.com Reprints + - Former Grumman employees Richard Weiss, left, and Kevin Mooring work on an A-10 main landing gear pod at CPI Aerostructures in Edgewood on Monday, Feb. 1, 2016. Photo Credit: Barry Sloan advertisement | advertise on newsday Defense contractor CPI Aerostructures Inc. reported Tuesday that first-quarter earnings swung to a profit and that indications from Washington suggest the wing replacement program for the A-10 Warthog attack jet could continue under new terms. Shares of CPI Aero rocketed 22.8 percent to close Tuesday at $7 on the New York Stock Exchange. advertisement | advertise on newsday In August 2014, the Edgewood company announced a $44.7 million noncash charge related to plans by the military to retire the A-10, sending the company’s stock tumbling. CPI Aero serves as a subcontractor to Boeing Co. on the wing replacement program. In a statement, Douglas McCrosson, CPI Aero’s president and chief executive, said the Defense Department’s 2017 spending bill contains funding earmarked for A-10 wing replacement and includes language that prevents the U.S. Air Force from using funds to retire the aircraft. “We believe this bodes very well for the continuation of our A-10 wing replacement program under new terms that should result in a profitable opportunity for CPI Aero” in 2018, he said. BusinessLong Island's top public companies For the quarter ended March 31, CPI Aero posted revenue of $20 million, compared with $12.7 million in the 2016 quarter. Net income was $1.2 million, or 14 cents per diluted share, versus a net loss of $9.2 million, or $1.07 per diluted share, in the year-earlier quarter. advertisement | advertise on newsday “Revenue in the first quarter was driven by the Northrop Grumman E-2D, Gulfstream G650, HondaJet and the F-16 maintenance, repair and overhaul program,” McCrosson said. “Revenue and gross margin benefited from shipments of F-16 components that the customer requested earlier than planned.” Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox daily. Sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage Forbes: LI health system a top place to work Eyeglass manufacturer to close LI facility, lay off 151 Storm-damaged LI properties go up for auction Like it? Share it! Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes Newsday Jobs Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Circus Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Mother's Day Spring Nassau Coliseum Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved. Sorry to interrupt... Your first 5 are free Access to Newsday is free for Optimum customers. Please enjoy 5 complimentary views to articles, photos, and videos during the next 30 days. LOGIN SUBSCRIBE
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Innosight May 09, 2017 10:00 ET Ten Companies Lead in Responding to Radical Market Change and Reinventing Themselves for a Different Future, According to New Analysis of Public Company Data The "Transformation 10" Goes Beyond Celebrated Tech Companies, Says Innosight LEXINGTON, MA--(Marketwired - May 9, 2017) - As the pace of change accelerates in virtually every industry, a new study has identified the 10 global companies that have done the best job of remaking their businesses. The list -- which includes celebrated tech innovators like Amazon and Netflix as well as standouts from industries that don't as frequently make innovation headlines, including health care company DaVita and food and beverage giant Danone -- offers insights into how market leaders can sustain growth even as disruption threatens their historically successful core business. The Transformation 10, a new report by growth strategy consulting firm Innosight, analyzed 1,000 companies and engaged a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges included former P&G CEO A.G. Lafley, former Boeing Defense CEO Chris Chadwick, and Columbia business professor Rita Gunther McGrath. Online retailer Amazon and entertainment firm Netflix were tied atop the rankings, followed (in order) by travel-technology company Priceline; global tech firm Apple; health insurer Aetna; software company Adobe; health care firm DaVita; computer and software maker Microsoft; food and beverage company Danone; and steel maker ThyssenKrupp. "A company survives and thrives over time based not on its size at any given time, but on its ability to adapt to disruption and to reposition itself to create a new future. We believe that by identifying companies that are transforming successfully, we can gain a better understanding of the dynamics and success factors of transformation," notes Innosight managing partner Scott Anthony, who is the co-author of the just-released Dual Transformation: How to Reposition Today's Business While Creating the Future (Harvard Business Review Press). Each company in the Transformation 10 found a way to create new growth while repositioning its traditional business: 1. Online retail giant Amazon developed technology to streamline internal operations, then turned it into a cloud computing platform that Amazon began selling to outside customers as large as the U.S. government. Since beginning what is now Amazon Web Services (AWS) in 2006, the new growth area now delivers about 10% of revenue, and accounted for more than half of Amazon's operating profit in 2015. At the same time, Amazon has steadily fortified its core online retail business with new categories, including a growing library of music, movies and original programming. 2. Video entertainment company Netflix began shifting its business model to include on-demand streaming as well as traditional hard-copy DVD rentals in 2007. That core business of hard-copy rentals continues to exist, albeit in a diminished state. Meanwhile, Netflix's domestic and international streaming business posted almost 90% of the firm's revenue in 2015, and the company has been producing and commissioning its own content since 2013, another potential source of growth. 3. Travel-technology company Priceline was already the world leader in online travel in 2010, when it decided to provide a more complete service that included the "long tail" of travel suppliers beyond the major hotels (e.g., independent hotels, apartment buildings). To capture that new growth, Priceline acquired companies like Bookings.com and KAYAK, and the new growth business generated about 25% of revenue in 2015. Simultaneously, Priceline recalibrated its core business around helping customers plan a complete travel experience -- much like an online concierge. 4. Beginning in 2007, computer giant Apple moved beyond its successful computer hardware business to create the world's biggest ecosystem for digital content -- and then to build on that ecosystem with new devices like the iPhone. Apple continues to be a manufacturer of computers, but the revenue from the firm's digital networks and related products now accounts for 80% of the company. 5. Health insurer Aetna's traditional model of selling health insurance through employers has grown nearly 80% over the last four years. Starting in 2010, the firm also began selling care management directly to consumers, and health care IT services to providers. Revenue from these newer, "value-based" contracts now accounts for about 40% of overall firm revenue. 6. Software company Adobe dominated the market for creating and designing documents and images, thanks to brands like Photoshop, Illustrator and Acrobat. But by 2008, fearing a saturated user base and a shift to cloud-based business models, the firm announced a new focus on digital marketing and analytics through a software as a service (SaaS) business model. The core business of packaged creative software lives on as the Creative Cloud subscription service, and new growth through digital marketing now creates almost half (45%) of overall revenue. 7. Health care firm DaVita specialized in kidney dialysis, making its money on a traditional fee-for-service business model and becoming one of the largest operators in its field. But starting in 2012, DaVita began building an "integrated delivery network" to deliver dialysis care as well as manage patients' total healthcare. The core business -- dialysis care -- has nearly doubled over the last 10 years, while new growth now delivers 30% of total revenue. 8. Computer firm Microsoft continues to sell hardware and software; its legacy business offering still accounts for about half the company. But, starting in 2010, the firm made a bet on embracing cloud-based technology -- while building up its hardware business. Its Intelligent Cloud business, which includes Azure and on-premises server software, reported 2016 revenue of more than $25 billion, almost a third (32%) of the company total. 9. French food and beverage firm Danone moved beyond its traditional yogurt business to grow a portfolio of health brands, including baby foods and other early life nutrition products. Those newer brands now generate 29% of Danone's revenue, up from just 3% in 2006. At the same time, a slimmed-down core business, refocused on healthy yogurts and other nutritional foods, is still profitable and accounts for the majority of the business. 10. German steel maker ThyssenKrupp, under pressure from low-cost producers in Asia, decided to move drastically away from making and selling steel. Instead, in 2012 the firm began investing in industrial solutions, providing capital equipment, software and services to manufacturers, including refineries and automakers. The new growth area already accounts for 47% of total company revenue. The Transformation 10 report highlights a few takeaways and lessons that can help business leaders respond to market disruption and position their companies for the future, including: Transformational CEOs tend to be "insider outsiders." Typically it's not a complete outsider who instigates the change, but a leader who worked at the edges of the organization or in a parallel part of the industry. Transformation involves two separate journeys. The most effective transformation efforts are not monolithic but take a two-pronged approach: repositioning the core business while creating the future growth business. Transformation can only take root if you are constantly telling a story about the future. To transform a company, the CEO must also act as the "storyteller in chief." That means telling different aspects of the same transformation narrative to all the constituencies and stakeholders in and of the company. Develop a roadmap for transformation before disruption takes hold. By the time the need to transform is clear, it is often too late. Leaders need to stay ahead of new technologies and competitors that can derail their business and act before fault lines are entirely clear. ABOUT THE TRANSFORMATION 10 RESEARCH The research focused on 57 companies from the S&P 500 and Global 500 that had made significant public commitments to transformation. The analysis evaluated public companies through three lenses: new growth, success in repositioning the core, and select financial metrics.  To assess areas of new growth, Innosight measured how successful these companies have been at creating new products, services, markets and business models, and in that process determined the percent of revenue that can be attributed to new growth areas. To measure success in repositioning the core business, Innosight examined how effectively these companies adapted their traditional businesses to changes or disruptions in their markets. The financial metrics that Innosight analyzed combined annual growth rate (CAGR) of each company's revenue and stock price, as well as overall profitability, during their respective transformation periods. After narrowing down to a list of 18 companies, Innosight worked with a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges were: Chris Chadwick, former CEO, Boeing Defense; Clay Christensen, Professor, Harvard Business School and Innosight co-founder; Scott Cook, Founder and Chairman of Intuit; Matthew Eyring, Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer at Vivint; A.G. Lafley, former CEO of Procter & Gamble; Rita McGrath, Professor, Columbia Business School; Teo Ming Kian, Director Temasek and Chairman Vertex Holdings; Theodor Weimer, Country Chairman, UniCredit. To read the Transformation 10 report, please visit: www.tranformationten.com ABOUT INNOSIGHT Innosight, the strategy and innovation business of global professional services firm Huron, helps organizations design and create the future, instead of being disrupted by it. Acquired by Huron in 2017, Innosight is the leading authority on disruptive innovation and strategic transformation. The company collaborates with clients across a range of industries to identify new growth opportunities, build new ventures and capabilities, and accelerate organizational change. Learn more at www.innosight.com and www.huronconsultinggroup.com. Contact Information For more information, or to speak with Scott Anthony, please contact: Eric Mosher Sommerfield Communications +1 (212) 255-8386 Eric@sommerfield.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Innosight From this industry Education and Training Medical and Healthcare Professional Services From this sub-industry Training/Online Healthcare Non Profits Engineering Other Professional Services Consulting See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Brands Acura Alfa Romeo Ariel Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Citroen Dodge Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford GMC Gumpert Hennessey Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Koenigsegg KTM Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Morgan Nissan Noble Opel Pagani Peugeot Porsche Ram Renault Rolls-Royce Scion SEAT Skoda Smart Spyker SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Wiesmann Zenvo Automotive Car Reviews Car News All-American H1 Hummers Are Now Being Built For Rich Chinese by Jay Traugott 16,053 reads Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Talk about a niche market. Last month at Auto Shanghai, we learned that the VLF Automotive trio consisting of former GM product guru Bob Lutz, Henrik Fisker of Fisker Karma fame, and former Boeing executive Gilbert Villarreal, have taken up a new project alongside their current crop of rebodied Viper and Mustangs and Corvette ZR1-powered Karmas (aka the Destino): the Humvee C-Series, a street-legal version of the American military icon. The company responsible for selling the car is appropriately called Humvee Export. According to Car and Driver, VLF has been contracted by a group of Humvee enthusiasts and businessmen to build new H1 Hummers with GM powertrains – for wealthy Chinese customers only. Production will take place in Michigan, marking the first time since 2006 that a new C-Series will be built following GM’s shuttering of the brand. These reincarnated H1s will come powered by one of four GM engines: a 6.5-liter diesel V8 with a choice of 190 hp and 385 lb-ft of torque, 205 hp and 440 lb-ft, or 250 hp and 440 lb-ft, or (and this is our personal favorite) the current LS3 6.2-liter V8 with 430 hp and 424 lb-ft. Three trim levels will be available, called Bravo, Charlie and Delta, each offering varying levels of luxury features like steel doors and a six-speaker stereo. Buyers will also pick one of four military-style paint schemes. Humvee Exports also works with other foreign markets to build and ship completed C-Series Hummers, but the US, at least for now, is completely out of luck. Humvee Export president John Costin very accurately described these Chinese C-Series buyers as “a niche market” and that “there are people who want to have the most fun at 5 or 6 mph.” These completed Humvees will look nearly identical to their early 1990s ancestors and will easily cost more than $150,000 apiece. Fuel economy? Try 5 mpg. Costin also added the company is planning up to 100 finished vehicles by the end of this year. So the next time you’re in China some all-American Hummer badassery may be found roaming the streets, but it’s a shame that car crunching fun won’t be happening stateside. Hummer Fisker China Production SUV Henrik Fisker Top Stories Today 33,152 reads Factory Fresh Ferrari 488 GTB Crashes After 69 Miles 31,602 reads 5 Cars That Deserve To Be Put Into Retirement 24,809 reads Honda Prices The Civic Type R To Undercut The Golf R And Focus RS 20,148 reads LaFerrari Replacement Won’t Even Try To Compete With AMG Project 1 19,993 reads Leaked Dealership Brochure Details 2018 Mustang Special Features 16,547 reads NASCAR Race Erupts Into Crazy 18-Car Pileup At Talladega 16,053 reads All-American H1 Hummers Are Now Being Built For Rich Chinese Supercars Ferrari Is Killing it Thanks To Strong V12 Supercar Sales Now Buzzing popular May 06, 2017 28 Ultra-Rare Aston Martin V8 Sportsman Is The Only Wagon You Need May 06, 2017 14 Forget The Model 3, We Want To See A Tesla Supercar Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. by Jay Traugott All-American H1 Hummers Are Now Being Built For Rich Chinese Related Stories Henrik Fisker Biography: Taking On The World With A Design Pen Henrik Fisker Is Building A Range Of Awesome ... Fisker EMotion Owners Won’t Have To Lift A Fi... EXCLUSIVE: The New Fisker Car Will Be Autonom... Is This The Perfect Time To Revive The Hummer... China With Two SUVs In Its Lineup, Acura Debates Br... Drag Racing McLaren 650S Crashes Into Tanker ... Production Australia Will Get The Hyundai Pickup Truck A... BMW Will Unleash A Jaguar I-Pace Rival In 202... Henrik Fisker EXCLUSIVE: The Fisker EMotion Will Cost Just ... VLF F1 Roadster Screams Into Shanghai With 74... Privacy policy Terms of use Editors Advertise with us Contact us © 2010-2017 CarBuzz Inc. All rights reserved.
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 6% during 2016-2021. Market Highlights The Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 6% during 2016-2021. The key factors driving the growth are growing fleet size, aircraft orders, and demand for lightweight aircraft. Major Key Players • Circor Aerospace • Heroux-devtek • Liebherr Group • messier-Bugatti-dowty • UTC Aerospace Systems • AAR • Honeywell Aerospace • Megellan Aerospace • Merrill Technologies Group • SPP Canada Aircraft • Triumph Group • Whippany Actuation System. Request a Copy of Sample Report @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1427 Target Audience • Aircraft Landing Gear OEMs • Component Suppliers • Aftermarket suppliers /MROs • Research Institute / Education Institute • Potential Investors • Key executive (CEO and COO) and strategy growth manager As per the MRFR analysis, challenges associated with new technology, strict design constraints, long product development process are the key factors restraining the market growth As per Boeing outlook 2016, around 8,330 aircraft will be delivered to Americas in the next 20 years. Whereas, APAC will register the deliveries of 15,130 aircraft. The demand for new aircraft, growing retirement and modernization of fleets will drive the aircraft landing gear market significantly in the forecast period. Taste the market data and market information presented through more than 50 market data tables and figures spread in 103 numbers of pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content TOC & market synopsis on “Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market Research – Forecast to 2021” Browse Full Report Details @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/commercial-aircraft-… Study Objectives of Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market • To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market • To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth • To analyse the Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porter’s five force analysis etc. • To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW) • To provide country-level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective • To provide country-level analysis of the market for segment by aircraft type, aircraft model, landing gear type • To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analysing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market • To track and analyse competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market Make an Enquiry @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/1427 Brief TOC 1. Introduction 1.1 Report Description 1.2 Research Objective 2. Executive Summary 2.1 Key Findings / Highlights 2.1.1 Investment Opportunities 2.1.2 Market Startegies 2.1.3 Latest Developments 3. Scope Of The Study 3.1 Markets Covered 3.2 Years Considered For The Study (2016-2021) 3.2 Geographic Scope 3.3 Key Stakeholders 4. Assumptions And Limitations 5. Research Methodology 6. Market Size Estimation 7. Market Factor Analysis 7.1 Value Chain Analysis 7.2 Supply Chain Analysis 7.3 Porter’s Five Forces Analysis 11. Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market By Aircraft Model, 2016-2021 11.1 Market Size By Aircraft Model ($ Billions) 11.1.1 B737 11.1.2 A330 11.1.3 A321 11.1.4 A320 11.1.5 A319 11.1.6 B767 11.1.7 B787 11.1.8 B777 11.1.9 B747 11.1.10 A380 12. Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market By Landing Gear Type, 2016-2021 12.1 Market Size By Landing Gear Type ($ Billions) 12.1.1 Main Landing Gear 12.2.2 Nose Landing Gear Continued…. The market report for Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market of Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance. The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides details information and strategies of the top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different market segments and regions. Browse Related Reports:- Global Commercial Aircraft Lighting Market by Aircraft Type (NBA, WBA, and RTA), by Fit (Linefit and Retrofit), by Light Type (Interior and Exterior), by Technology (LED, OLED, Custom, and Traditional), and by Geography – Forecast To 2021 www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/commercial-aircraft-… About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. Contact: Akash Anand, Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Commercial Vehicle Group Announces Business Awards In Its Global Truck & Bus Segment Next PostNext Global ECMO System Market 2017 Leading Players, Current Analysis and Future Outlook 2021 Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
      Latest News Latest Magazine Issue Education Finance Health Infrastructure Management Elections Politics Public Safety Urban Photos Video Events Institute Papers Data About More MAGAZINE SUBSCRIBE NEWSLETTERS EVENTS WEBINARS INSTITUTE WOMEN IN GOVERNMENT CITY ACCELERATOR PAPERS DEGREES JOBS ABOUT ADVERTISE MORE EDITORIAL Masthead DIGITAL MEDIA Newsletters Videos Photos Feedly Pulse PROGRAMS Public Officials of the Year OUR NETWORK Government Technology Emergency Management Public CIO FutureStructure Center for Digital Government Center for Digital Education RESOURCES Books Public Sector Jobs Public Sector Degrees INDUSTRY Market Insights Navigator Media Kits COMPANY About Us Contact Us Press Privacy Jobs FINANCE | HEALTH | INFRASTRUCTURE | MANAGEMENT | ELECTIONS | POLITICS | PUBLIC SAFETY | URBAN | EDUCATION | COMMENTARY | DATA | PHOTOS | VIDEO Politics In Seattle Mayor's Race, Challengers Emerge Amid Rumors Incumbent Ed Murray Won't Run by Tribune News Service | May 9, 2017         By Daniel Beekman Amid widespread speculation that Seattle Mayor Ed Murray may end his campaign for re-election Tuesday, state Sen. Bob Hasegawa on Monday announced a bid. And the Seattle Ethics and Elections Commission revealed that Murray supporters want to set up a legal-defense fund as the mayor battles a child sexual-abuse lawsuit. RELATED Seattle Mayor Ends Reelection Campaign Amid Child Sex-Abuse Allegations Seattle Mayor Accused of Sexual Abusing Teen in the 1980s Seattle, Labeled an Immigrant Sanctuary, Sues Trump Seattle's Last Mayor Wants a Rematch With Ed Murray The flurry of news in the city's once-sleepy race came a month after Murray was sued and a week before the period during which candidates must officially file. No one in the mayor's inner circle was willing to go on the record Monday to say Murray intends to leave the race. But there were rumors he would do just that, despite strenuously denying the allegations by the Kent man suing him and by other men. Hasegawa, a Seattle Democrat, said he's been planning to run regardless of Murray's presence in the race. But announcing Monday gives him a head-start on others who may jump in if the mayor drops out. The 64-year-old said he would kick off his bid Tuesday with a news conference on the steps of the downtown Wells Fargo Center "to highlight the need for a municipal bank as the linchpin for his economic justice agenda." A former Teamsters Local 174 leader, who lives today in the Beacon Hill neighborhood where he grew up, Hasegawa has served in the the Legislature since 2005, first in the House of Representatives and more recently in the Senate. He was a Bernie Sanders delegate to last year's Democratic National Conventionand in Olympia has advocated for a state income tax and a state-run bank. In 2013, he voted against billions of dollars in Boeing tax breaks, when the company was threatening to build its new 777X plant elsewhere. Hasegawa is barred from raising money for his mayoral campaign as long as the Legislature is in session, and that could remain the case through August's primary election, he said. "I see it as more an opportunity than a challenge because this campaign is about rebuilding political power for the people," he said. The ethics commission has scheduled a special meeting for May 16 to discuss the Murray defense fund. The mayor's supporters have asked for an advisory opinion. Paul Lawrence, an attorney with the Pacifica Law Group, made the request in a letter on May 1, saying an "effective defense" for Murray could cost $1 million or more. "We represent the Ed Murray Legal Defense Fund, an independent trust being created to help defray the legal expenses that the mayor of Seattle, Edward B. Murray, must incur to defend himself in an ongoing civil lawsuit," the letter says. "The allegations in the suit are controversial and, especially given its timing, the suit is politically charged. The mayor, a lifelong public servant, does not have the personal resources needed to fund his own legal defense." The letter adds, "In these circumstances, concerned citizens should be allowed to raise or contribute funds to help defray legal expenses for a public official under attack, provided that adequate steps are taken to avoid any ethical conflicts." It asks the commission for a written opinion that its proposed activities would comply with city law. The letter says Washington state and Seattle have not enacted laws specific to legal-defense funds in support of public officials. It says the trustee overseeing the fund will be Martha Choe Murray was an aide to Choe when she was a member of the City Council in the 1990s. "If the fund is run independently from the city official, there is no opportunity for a misuse of public office for personal gain," the letter said. "And if contributions to the fund are anonymous, there can be no improper attempt to obtain special consideration or influence." Ending his campaign could make the handling of Murray's legal-defense less complicated and improve the chances of the ethics commission clearing the fund. Contributors to the fund would be required to sign confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements, according to the letter. The mayor, who owns a house on Capitol Hill, recently estimated his own net worth at $1.8 million in a personal financial affairs statement filed with the ethics commission, the Seattle City Council Insight blog reported. A 46-year-old Kent man, Delvonn Heckard, sued the mayor last month, alleging that Murray sexually abused him when he was a teenager in the 1980s. Two other men have made similar claims separate from the lawsuit, and a fourth man last week signed a declaration in Heckard's suit saying that Murray had paid him for sex. Other prominent candidates for mayor include artist and educator Nikkita Oliver, who entered the race before Murray was sued, as well as former Mayor Mike McGinn and urban planner Cary Moon, who announced after Heckard filed. Libertarian Casey Carlisle and Safe Seattle activist Harley Lever also are running. ___ (c)2017 The Seattle Times Tribune News Service  |        Discuss We invite you to discuss and comment on this article using social media. LATEST POLITICS HEADLINES Seattle Mayor Ends Reelection Campaign Amid Child Sex-Abuse Allegations 11 hours ago Lawsuit Challenges Tennessee's Days-old 'Natural Meaning' Law 16 hours ago In Seattle Mayor's Race, Challengers Emerge Amid Rumors Incumbent Ed Murray Won't Run 16 hours ago Gov. Christie Vetoes Bill Turning New Jersey Pensions Over to Unions 16 hours ago New Oklahoma Law Could Mean Heavy Fines, Jail Time for Pipeline Protesters 1 day ago Gov. Walker Pans Increase in Gas Taxes for Wisconsin 1 day ago MORE NEWS More from Politics LOAD MORE ARTICLES LATEST POLITICS HEADLINES Seattle Mayor Ends Reelection Campaign Amid Child Sex-Abuse Allegations 11 hours ago Lawsuit Challenges Tennessee's Days-old 'Natural Meaning' Law 16 hours ago In Seattle Mayor's Race, Challengers Emerge Amid Rumors Incumbent Ed Murray Won't Run 16 hours ago Gov. Christie Vetoes Bill Turning New Jersey Pensions Over to Unions 16 hours ago New Oklahoma Law Could Mean Heavy Fines, Jail Time for Pipeline Protesters 1 day ago Gov. Walker Pans Increase in Gas Taxes for Wisconsin 1 day ago MORE NEWS Featured Resources Subscribe Current Issue MOST READ No Help From Noah: The County That Banked on a Religious Theme Park to Solve Its Money Problems In the Elusive Search for Affordable Housing, Clues Emerge Think Public Pensions Can’t Be Cut? Think Again. Why Texas Is the Most Dangerous U.S. State to Have a Baby The Worrisome Relationship Between Population Projections and State Spending on Kids Raising the Gas Tax Is No Longer Taboo In Many States Can Raising the Minimum Wage Cut Medicaid Costs? U.S. Universities Fear Losing International Students © 2017 All rights reserved. e.Republic | Privacy & Terms | Contact Us | Facebook | Twitter | Industry Insider | Labs | Advertise You May Also Like Seattle Mayor Ends Reelection Campaign Amid Child Sex-Abuse Allegations Ed Murray’s announcement ends a political career that has spanned decades. READ MORE
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market: Industry Research, Review, Growth, Segment, Analysis and Forecast to 2021   View as PDF  Print View    Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market by Aircraft Type (Wide Body Aircraft and Narrow Body Aircraft), by Aircraft Model (B737, A330, A321, A320, A319, B767, B787, B777, B747, and A380), by Landing Gear and by Region - Forecast To 2021 Pune, India - May 9, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Market Highlights The Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 6% during 2016-2021. The key factors driving the growth are growing fleet size, aircraft orders, and demand for lightweight aircraft. Major Key Players o Circor Aerospace o Heroux-devtek o Liebherr Group o messier-Bugatti-dowty o UTC Aerospace Systems o AAR o Honeywell Aerospace o Megellan Aerospace o Merrill Technologies Group o SPP Canada Aircraft o Triumph Group o Whippany Actuation System. Request a Copy of Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1427 Target Audience o Aircraft Landing Gear OEMs o Component Suppliers o Aftermarket suppliers /MROs o Research Institute / Education Institute o Potential Investors o Key executive (CEO and COO) and strategy growth manager As per the MRFR analysis, challenges associated with new technology, strict design constraints, long product development process are the key factors restraining the market growth As per Boeing outlook 2016, around 8,330 aircraft will be delivered to Americas in the next 20 years. Whereas, APAC will register the deliveries of 15,130 aircraft. The demand for new aircraft, growing retirement and modernization of fleets will drive the aircraft landing gear market significantly in the forecast period. Taste the market data and market information presented through more than 50 market data tables and figures spread in 103 numbers of pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content TOC & market synopsis on "Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market Research - Forecast to 2021" Browse Full Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/commercial-aircraft-landing-gear-market Study Objectives of Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market o To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market o To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth o To analyse the Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porter's five force analysis etc. o To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW) o To provide country-level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective o To provide country-level analysis of the market for segment by aircraft type, aircraft model, landing gear type o To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analysing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market o To track and analyse competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market Make an Enquiry @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/1427 Brief TOC 1. Introduction 1.1 Report Description 1.2 Research Objective 2. Executive Summary 2.1 Key Findings / Highlights 2.1.1 Investment Opportunities 2.1.2 Market Startegies 2.1.3 Latest Developments 3. Scope Of The Study 3.1 Markets Covered 3.2 Years Considered For The Study (2016-2021) 3.2 Geographic Scope 3.3 Key Stakeholders 4. Assumptions And Limitations 5. Research Methodology 6. Market Size Estimation 7. Market Factor Analysis 7.1 Value Chain Analysis 7.2 Supply Chain Analysis 7.3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis 11. Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market By Aircraft Model, 2016-2021 11.1 Market Size By Aircraft Model ($ Billions) 11.1.1 B737 11.1.2 A330 11.1.3 A321 11.1.4 A320 11.1.5 A319 11.1.6 B767 11.1.7 B787 11.1.8 B777 11.1.9 B747 11.1.10 A380 12. Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market By Landing Gear Type, 2016-2021 12.1 Market Size By Landing Gear Type ($ Billions) 12.1.1 Main Landing Gear 12.2.2 Nose Landing Gear Continued.... The market report for Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market of Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance. The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides details information and strategies of the top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different market segments and regions. Browse Related Reports:- Global Commercial Aircraft Lighting Market by Aircraft Type (NBA, WBA, and RTA), by Fit (Linefit and Retrofit), by Light Type (Interior and Exterior), by Technology (LED, OLED, Custom, and Traditional), and by Geography - Forecast To 2021 https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/commercial-aircraft-lighting-market About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. Contact Info: Name: Akash Anand Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Organization: Market Research Future Address: Hadapsar Pune, India - 411028 Phone: +1 646 845 9312 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/commercial-aircraft-landing-gear-market-industry-research-review-growth-segment-analysis-and-forecast-to-2021/196170 For more information, please visit https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/commercial-aircraft-landing-gear-market Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 196170 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Craft Brewery Southern Sky Brewing Releases First Pale Ale (Wed 10th May 17) Donna Mizani Offers Chic Feminine Design Collection 100% Made in the USA (Wed 10th May 17) Raj Prem - Releases Plans To Showcase Historic Collection of Beatles Photos in India (Wed 10th May 17) Flight Navigation System Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity and Forecast 2017 to 2022 (Wed 10th May 17) Application Delivery Network (ADN) Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 (Wed 10th May 17) Encryption Software Market 2017: Industry Research, Review, Growth, Segmentation, Key Players Analysis and Forecast to 2022 (Wed 10th May 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by rahul-absolutereports.com C4ISR Market Growth Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2022 C4ISR Market research report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state also focuses on the major drivers and restraints for the key players. C4ISR Market 2017-2022 report enlists several important factors, starting from the basics to advanced market intelligence which play a crucial part in strategizing. Information Get a PDF Sample of C4ISR Market Research Report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10706734 Global C4ISR Market research report also provides granular analysis of the market share, segmentation, revenue forecasts and geographic regions of the market. C4ISR market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process, Type and by Applications. C4ISR Market Report Focuses in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Middle and Africa. Top Key Manufacturers of Market to 2017-2022: Lockheed Martin Corporation, Boeing, Raytheon, Northrop Grumman Corporation, L-3 Communications Holdings Browse More Detail Information About C4ISR Market Report at: https://www.absolutereports.com/global-c4isr-market-by-manufacturers-countries-type-and-application-forecast-to-2022-10706734 This C4ISR Market report investigates new project feasibility with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this market. In this report a thorough SWOT analysis & investment analysis is provided which forecasts imminent opportunities for the C4ISR Market players. Global C4ISR Market report provides Market Segment by Type to 2017-2022: Command & Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance, Other and Market Segment by Applications to 2017-2022: Land Based System, Naval Systems, Air Force System, Space System, Other Purchase a Copy of Report @ http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10706734 There are 19 Chapters to deeply display the C4ISR market: Chapter 1, to describe C4ISR Introduction, product type and application, market overview, C4ISR market analysis by countries, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of C4ISR Market, with profile, main business, news, sales, price, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 3, to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 4, to show the C4ISR market by countries, covering China, Japan, Korea, Southeast Asia, Taiwan, India and Australia, with sales, price, revenue and C4ISR market share for each country, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 5 and 6, to show the market by type and application, with sales, price, revenue, market share and growth rate by type, application, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 and 13 to analyze the key countries by manufacturers, Type  and Application, covering China, Japan, Korea, Southeast Asia, Taiwan, India and Australia,with sales, revenue and market share by manufacturers,types and application; And more… Contact– Mr. Ameya Pingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email – sales@absolutereports.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsC4ISR Industry Trends, C4ISR Market analysis, C4ISR Market Forecast, C4ISR Market growth, C4ISR Market Outlook, C4ISR Market size, equipment, Global C4ISR Market Opportunities Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Director/PDMR Dealing Next PostNext Hilton Software CEO Honored As Gold Stevie® Award Winner In 2017 American Business Awards(SM) Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market: Industry Research, Review, Growth, Segment, Analysis and Forecast to 2021   View as PDF  Print View    Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market by Aircraft Type (Wide Body Aircraft and Narrow Body Aircraft), by Aircraft Model (B737, A330, A321, A320, A319, B767, B787, B777, B747, and A380), by Landing Gear and by Region – Forecast To 2021 Pune, India – May 9, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — Market Highlights The Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 6% during 2016-2021. The key factors driving the growth are growing fleet size, aircraft orders, and demand for lightweight aircraft. Major Key Players o Circor Aerospace o Heroux-devtek o Liebherr Group o messier-Bugatti-dowty o UTC Aerospace Systems o AAR o Honeywell Aerospace o Megellan Aerospace o Merrill Technologies Group o SPP Canada Aircraft o Triumph Group o Whippany Actuation System. Request a Copy of Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1427 Target Audience o Aircraft Landing Gear OEMs o Component Suppliers o Aftermarket suppliers /MROs o Research Institute / Education Institute o Potential Investors o Key executive (CEO and COO) and strategy growth manager As per the MRFR analysis, challenges associated with new technology, strict design constraints, long product development process are the key factors restraining the market growth As per Boeing outlook 2016, around 8,330 aircraft will be delivered to Americas in the next 20 years. Whereas, APAC will register the deliveries of 15,130 aircraft. The demand for new aircraft, growing retirement and modernization of fleets will drive the aircraft landing gear market significantly in the forecast period. Taste the market data and market information presented through more than 50 market data tables and figures spread in 103 numbers of pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content TOC & market synopsis on „Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market Research – Forecast to 2021„ Browse Full Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/commercial-aircraft-landing-gear-market Study Objectives of Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market o To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market o To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth o To analyse the Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porter’s five force analysis etc. o To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW) o To provide country-level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective o To provide country-level analysis of the market for segment by aircraft type, aircraft model, landing gear type o To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analysing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market o To track and analyse competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market Make an Enquiry @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/1427 Brief TOC 1. Introduction 1.1 Report Description 1.2 Research Objective 2. Executive Summary 2.1 Key Findings / Highlights 2.1.1 Investment Opportunities 2.1.2 Market Startegies 2.1.3 Latest Developments 3. Scope Of The Study 3.1 Markets Covered 3.2 Years Considered For The Study (2016-2021) 3.2 Geographic Scope 3.3 Key Stakeholders 4. Assumptions And Limitations 5. Research Methodology 6. Market Size Estimation 7. Market Factor Analysis 7.1 Value Chain Analysis 7.2 Supply Chain Analysis 7.3 Porter’s Five Forces Analysis 11. Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market By Aircraft Model, 2016-2021 11.1 Market Size By Aircraft Model ($ Billions) 11.1.1 B737 11.1.2 A330 11.1.3 A321 11.1.4 A320 11.1.5 A319 11.1.6 B767 11.1.7 B787 11.1.8 B777 11.1.9 B747 11.1.10 A380 12. Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market By Landing Gear Type, 2016-2021 12.1 Market Size By Landing Gear Type ($ Billions) 12.1.1 Main Landing Gear 12.2.2 Nose Landing Gear Continued…. The market report for Global Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market of Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance. The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides details information and strategies of the top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different market segments and regions. Browse Related Reports:- Global Commercial Aircraft Lighting Market by Aircraft Type (NBA, WBA, and RTA), by Fit (Linefit and Retrofit), by Light Type (Interior and Exterior), by Technology (LED, OLED, Custom, and Traditional), and by Geography – Forecast To 2021 https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/commercial-aircraft-lighting-market About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. Contact Info: Name: Akash Anand Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Organization: Market Research Future Address: Hadapsar Pune, India – 411028 Phone: +1 646 845 9312 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/commercial-aircraft-landing-gear-market-industry-research-review-growth-segment-analysis-and-forecast-to-2021/196170 For more information, please visit https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/commercial-aircraft-landing-gear-market Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 196170 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Spill Proof Autoseal Travel Coffee Mug With Insulated Thermal Flask Announced (Tue 9th May 17) Organic Baby Food Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 (Tue 9th May 17) VCO (Voltage Controlled Oscillator) Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity and Forecast 2017 to 2022 (Tue 9th May 17) Fluid Management Devices Market 2017 by Product Type, End-Users, Geography, Analysis and Forecast To 2021 (Tue 9th May 17) Mobile Tracking Software Market 2017 by Hackers, Geography, Analysis and Forecast To 2021 (Tue 9th May 17) Diabetes and Obesity Drug Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Market Forecast Report 2017 (Tue 9th May 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NorthStar Realty Europe leases five vacant floors at the Trianon Tower (Frankfurt) to Deutsche Bundesbank on new 10 year lease Next PostNext Health Diaphragm Valves Market Growth Demand, Opportunities, Analysis and Forecasts Report -2022 Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
BREAKING NEWS: Toyota says annual profit drops 21pc, first fall in five years … Gray hair, baldness now curable! … Bangladesh tea prices dip for second week … Asia stocks rise for 3rd day on earnings; dollar stalls on Comey sacking … Dollar slips after Trump fires FBI director … China yuan firms, state banks' dollar sales offset much weaker midpoint … Tokyo stocks up by break, company earnings in focus … China's Xi applauds S.Korea's Moon on election win … Trump to host Lavrov at White House on Wednesday … Here comes the purge … Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper AAJ Live Home »Featured Photos » Mass Looting and Rioting by Kirk McKoy Featured Photos Mass Looting and Rioting by Kirk McKoy Jibran Abbasi May 9th, 2017 14:56 0 Mass Looting and Rioting Spot News, third prize stories 29-04-1992 Police advance in force after two men have been shot while crossing the road. The acquittal of four police officers whose assault on black motorist Rodney King was watched on TV by millions, sparked off mass looting and rioting. The disturbances claimed 58 lives and many buildings were destroyed by fire. Commissioned by: Los Angeles Times   Photo Credit: Kirk McKoy Kirk Mckoy joined The Times as a photographer in 1987. He was born on a family farm in South Carolina and graduated from the University of Maryland with a degree in graphic design and photography. McKoy has won several awards from Pictures of the Year International, the National Press Photographers Assn. The Society of News Design and World Press. McKoy was also part of The Times’ Pulitzer-winning coverage of the Los Angeles riots and the Northridge earthquake. Tags : AcquittalassaultBuildingsDisturbancefireKirkLootLos AngelesmassMcKoyPoliceRiotRodney Kingtv Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Jibran Abbasi Previous Airbus looks to upgrades to counter Boeing's new mid-market jet Next Abbas says ready to meet Israel PM as part of Trump peace efforts Related Posts May 5th, 2017 17:29 The Moment: The Case of the Burning CCTV Building Apr 21st, 2017 14:29 Ground Zero by James Nachtwey Apr 7th, 2017 13:45 Conflagration by Nick Moir Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Close Top
Skip to navigation Skip to content This website uses some cookies to give you the best experience. Accept and close Login Sign up for free Menu Login / Register Search Search: Menu Navigation: Home Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2018 Routes Asia 2018 Routes Europe 2018 Routes Awards Previous Events Interested in Hosting? Resource Centre Register Now Advertise With Us Route Exchange What is Route Exchange? Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Requests For Proposals Airline Briefings Airline Opportunities Airline Start-Up Zone Advertise With Us News My News Breaking News Airlineroute Community Blog Routes News Magazine Routes TV Advertise With Us More Downloads Careers Library Media Centre Testimonials Advertise With Us Search Search: Why AirAsia X is finding the middle ground AirAsia X has spent a decade finding its feet – only to discover a new wave of low-cost rivals stepping into similar markets. Yet CEO Benyamin Ismail is confident for the future. By Routes News Posted 9 May 2017 09:32 Share this article Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ When Malaysian low-cost carrier AirAsia created a wide-body subsidiary in 2007, founder Tony Fernandes promised to replicate the success of his short-haul business in long-haul markets across the globe. One decade on, AirAsia X has a mixed report card. Although the airline returned to profit in 2016 after three years in the red, its network still focuses exclusively on mid-haul routes with a “sweet spot” of seven hours’ flying time. Australasian and East Asian countries make up the bulk of its flights, alongside a handful of routes westward to the Middle East and the Indian subcontinent. Benyamin Ismail CEO AirAsiaX True long-haul services have been absent since 2012, when attempts to serve London and Paris with four-engine Airbus A340s were derailed by high oil prices. And AirAsia X CEO Benyamin Ismail appears in no rush to try again. “We’re just coming out of a loss, so we are going to make sure that decision that we make makes sense,” Ismail says. “London is a trademark destination for a lot of airlines, and those flights are quite scary. They’re very, very rock bottom [prices]... If the full-service guys are already offering fares way below their break even, I don’t think it would be a very wise decision for us to go even lower than that and just ruin our profitability.... We are monitoring the yields, but at the moment it still doesn’t look good.” Eyes on Europe Low-cost rivals have been steadily advancing on the Europe-Asia corridor, with Norwegian Air Shuttle and Lufthansa subsidiary Eurowings both now serving Thailand’s capital Bangkok. Scoot, the low-cost long-haul division of Singapore Airlines, will launch flights to Athens in Greece this summer. This article first appeared in Routes News, issue 2 2017. View the full magazine Having originally planned to enter Europe with A330-900neos – the first of which should arrive in late 2018 – AirAsia X last year mooted leasing Boeing 777s or Airbus A350s to jumpstart the strategy. Its current-generation Airbus A330s lack the range to reach Western Europe. But Ismail has now reverted back to the original plan, stressing the importance of efficiency and stability. “We’re not Boeing experts – we have an Airbus fleet – so it would be a big sacrifice investment,” he says, without comprehensively ruling out 777s. “I’ve always said that once the neos come, the first route we are going to do will be London or Europe. So we’ll wait for that.” Growing connections Expansion also beckons to the east, with Honolulu in Hawaii becoming the airline’s first US destination this summer. Once again, the company is shying away from true long-haul services by including a stopover in Osaka, Japan. US West Coast destinations like San Francisco and Los Angeles are still in the long-term plan, but the upcoming A330neos have no chance of reaching the continent non-stop from Malaysia. Outbound services from East Asia will therefore be favoured, either in the form of more fifth freedom routes or a Japanese franchise. Ismail sees no contradiction in AirAsia X’s growing reliance on one-stop, mid-haul services, citing the success of the airline’s other connecting route from the Gold Coast, Australia, to Auckland, New Zealand. “You can do more flights and you can earn more revenues [with mid-haul routes],” he insists. “Once you fly for 12, 14 hours you lose the ability to do more rotations and earn more revenue.” Indeed, he even leaves the door open for one-stop connections to Europe, speculating that routings via cities in India, Oman or Kuwait could improve the economics of the westward long-haul services. AirAsia X network map (Powered by OAG) Share this article Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Register for Routes Asia 2018 in Brisbane, Australia, 18 - 20 March 2018 About The Author... Routes News The official publication of the World Route Development Forum and Routes’ Regional events. Published since 2005, Routes News is the official publication of the World Route Development Forum and Routes’ Regional events, providing topical news and features for airline and airport executives involved in route development decision making. Follow @routesonline 6,872 followers Related Organisations Related Topics Air Asia X Asia Download Spotlight on Northern Ireland Explore the key data underpinning the resurgent Northern Irish aviation market. Download White Paper Related Stories AirAsia X ends Mauritius service in March 2017 Posted 14 February 2017 02:00 AirAsia X proposes Honolulu launch in June 2017 Posted 6 February 2017 06:30 AirAsia X gets regulatory green light for USA flights Posted 24 January 2017 11:50 AirAsia X adds Xining charters in 4Q16 Posted 7 October 2016 04:00 World Routes Interview: AirAsia X eyes LCC partnership to support European return Posted 26 September 2016 18:00 All Related Stories Back to Top Sign up for free Connect with us LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Facebook YouTube Miscellaneous Links Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2018 Routes Asia 2018 Routes Europe 2018 Routes Awards Route Exchange Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Airline Opportunities About Route Exchange News & Media News Routes Update Press Releases Community Blog Routes TV Company About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap UBM (UK) Ltd., Acresfield, 8-10 Exchange Street, Manchester, M2 7HA, United Kingdom T. +44 (0)161 234 2730 F. +44 (0)161 234 2737 Company Number: 00370721 © 2017 UBM (UK) Ltd., All Rights Reserved
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry C919: China’s jet to rival Boeing, Airbus isn’t all Made in China C919: China’s jet to rival Boeing, Airbus isn’t all Made in China Out of more than 1,000 flights scheduled to take off or land at Shanghai’s vast Pudong International Airport on Friday, one marks the beginning of a new era in the aviation business. By: Bloomberg | Updated: May 9, 2017 2:50 PM China is making its boldest attempt yet to break the stranglehold that Airbus SE and Boeing Co. have on the market for big commercial airliners. (Reuters) Out of more than 1,000 flights scheduled to take off or land at Shanghai’s vast Pudong International Airport on Friday, one marks the beginning of a new era in the aviation business. China is making its boldest attempt yet to break the stranglehold that Airbus SE and Boeing Co. have on the market for big commercial airliners. After years of delays, the nation’s first modern large jet is expected to make its maiden flight. “The C919 will be a game-changer for China’s aerospace industry,” said Corrine Png, chief executive officer of Singapore-based research firm Crucial Perspective. The 158-174 seat C919 is made by state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd. and follows Comac’s development of a smaller, regional jet, the ARJ21, that was flown by a Chinese airline for the first time last year. The C919 brings Comac to the table in one of the most lucrative sectors of commercial aviation, competing head-to-head with Boeing’s ubiquitous 737 and Airbus’s A320. The C919’s first flight is set for about 2:00 p.m. local time in Shanghai, a Comac spokesman said. Flights at Pudong between 1:00 p.m. and 3:30 p.m. may be delayed due to the new jetliner’s maiden trip. Behind the celebrations of a Made-in-China jet is the reality that Comac was able to build its new plane using a string of Western suppliers. At least 15 foreign partners such as General Electric Co., Safran SA and Honeywell International Inc. worked on components and systems of the C919. Also See| Chinese passenger jet C919 prepares for maiden flight “Comac has really leaned on the experience of its suppliers,” said Tom Szlosek, chief financial officer at Honeywell. “We’re adding a lot of value.” Tapping into the supply chains of Airbus and Boeing allows Comac to bypass many of the technical challenges of making a modern commercial jet from scratch and builds up the company’s expertise for future designs. “It’s impractical for Comac not to take advantage of technologies that are already out there,” said Yu Zhanfu, a principal at Roland Berger Strategy Consultants in Beijing. “If you insist on doing everything from the ground up by yourself, chances are you will become irrelevant.” Companies based outside China supply C919 systems for flight control, power, lighting, cockpit control and much else. The engines and landing gear are from overseas manufacturers. The Chinese jet demonstrates the extent globalization has taken over the manufacture of major engineering products. Just as the jet relies on systems from firms based around the world, many of those systems are built with components that originated in China. The C919’s engines for example are made by CFM. CFM’s parents, GE and French manufacturer Safran Aircraft Engines, in turn buy more than $500 million of Chinese-made parts a year for the company’s single-aisle jet engine series, the company said. A China-designed aircraft doesn’t mean all the parts have to be made by the Chinese, said Bao Pengli, a project manager for the C919 at Comac. Some of the equipment are sourced from international suppliers to meet Comac’s standards and they not only supply Comac, but also other airplane makers around the world, he said. China’s approach is almost the opposite of the strategy followed by Japan when it was at a similar level of development. There, Japan’s aerospace companies became suppliers to Boeing, and more recently Airbus, and now make as much as 35 percent of the Boeing 787’s airframe, according to Boeing Japan. China’s decision to build its own large jet with overseas help is one reason the C919’s specifications are similar to the 737 Max and A320, said Michel Merluzeau, director of aerospace and defense market analysis for AirInsightResearch in Seattle. It should also help Comac ensure the plane is a success. Of 15 non-Chinese suppliers contacted by Bloomberg about their involvement with the C919, eight — FACC AG, Honeywell, Parker Aerospace, UTC Aerospace Systems, Arconic, Liebherr-Aerospace, Eaton and CFM International — responded. All expressed confidence in the new aircraft and the potential for further collaboration in China. While the emergence of a Chinese jet brings new revenue for component suppliers, it turns up the heat on the world’s two biggest planemakers in a key market for growth. Boeing predicted in September that China will need over 6,800 aircraft valued at more than $1 trillion in the two decades through 2035, and three-fourths of them will be single-aisle planes. The country’s largest carrier, China Southern Airlines Co., and its units have ordered more than $15 billion of new aircraft from Airbus and Boeing since 2015. Boeing, which plans to build a facility in China, said it congratulated Comac on the development of the C919. Airbus already assembles A320s at a plant in Tianjin and said the competition would be good for the industry. U.S. labor unions aren’t so sure. “We have been sending out the alarm bells for many years now about China’s growing aerospace industry,” said Owen Herrnstadt, director of trade and globalization for the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. “They’ve pitted Western aerospace companies against one another.” Fabrice Bregier, who runs Airbus’s jetliner arm, said at an airshow last year he expects the Chinese to become serious competitors but it would be well into the next decade before they had the range of aircraft and support network to be a global player. “The real challenge for the Chinese is not to design and operate and fly an aircraft” in the C919 category, said AirInsight’s Merluzeau. “The real challenge is how they are going to be able to demonstrate to the customer outside of China that they can support and service the aircraft.” Within China, though, Comac will benefit from strong government support, according to George Ferguson, a Bloomberg Intelligence analyst who estimates the country has committed as much as $7 billion to the program. “At some point, the government is going to say to the airlines: ’You need to buy these airplanes.”’ That support is one reason China’s attempt to build big jets is faring better than efforts in Japan and Brazil, according to a March report by RAND Corp. The report said China was “absorbing losses that would dissuade new market entrants operating on a purely private-enterprise basis.” Few doubt China’s determination to build its expertise. Comac is already working with Russia’s United Aircraft Corp. to develop a bigger, twin-aisle airliner, dubbed the C929, that would compete with the 787 and A330 models. “They’re serious about learning how to produce parts — and producing high quality aircraft parts,” said Jeegar Kakkad, chief economist and director of policy for ADS Group, the London-based trade association representing aerospace companies in the U.K. “There is a huge learning curve for them.” No Comments. Don't Miss What Election Commission actually said to blow up AAP's EVM tampering claims Want to save tax? Here are 6 best investment options for you After ICJ shows Pakistan its place, Iran seeks access to Kulbhushan Jadhav: Report Nisaba Godrej: All you need to know about Godrej Consumer Products' new chairman PM Narendra Modi coins another catchy phrase, says 'E-governance stands for easy, effective, economical and environment-friendly governance' Amazon launches Echo Show: From video calling to touchscreen, here's everything you need to know AAP crisis live updates: Kapil Mishra goes on fast, Anna Hazare puts onus of investigation on Arvind Kejriwal PWD scam: ACB lodges FIRs against Arvind Kejriwal brother-in-law Surender Kumar Bansal's company Sensex, Nifty at new record highs: From monsoon to global markets, here are 5 reasons Japanese retailer Muji bets big on world’s most colorful retail market, India; predicts big growth Business Gallery Indian Railways set to unveil swanky international tourist lounge in PM Modi’s Varanasi Yogi Adityanath flags off new affordable, comfortable AC buses; here’s a look Legendary investor Warren Buffett awed by Indian hospitality; says will visit again if a business is on sale In pictures: French Elections 2017 Now, Padamshri Haji Kalimullah names new mango variety after UP CM Yogi Adityanath Technology Gallery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours From Oppo F3 to Vivo V5: Best ‘Selfie expert’ smartphones in India under Rs 20,000 From Samsung to Xiaomi: Best budget smartphones priced under Rs 15,000 Hindi News ऑल इंडिया फुटबॉल फेडरेशन की वेबसाइट हैक, पोस्ट हुईं कुलभूषण जाधव और भारत विरोधी बातें जम्मू कश्मीर में आर्मी अफसर उमर फय्याज की हत्या, आतंकियों ने किया था किडनैप जस्टिस कर्णन ने खारिज किया सुप्रीम कोर्ट का ऑर्डर, कहा- मैं नेपोलियन और डॉ. अम्बेडकर का दत्तक पुत्र हूं Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Historic Flight Foundation brings out ‘Grumpy’ for Fly Day Dan Catchpole Fri May 5th, 2017 1:30am News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. MUKILTEO — The Historic Flight Foundation is kicking off flying season with vintage warplane rides this Saturday. The museum’s B-25D Mitchell bomber, dubbed “Grumpy,” is headlining the Fly Day, which includes a barbecue and talks on the B-25 by a historian and two pilots. Grumpy is scheduled to show its moves over Paine Field early Saturday afternoon. “That always becomes a bit of a negotiation with the control tower, depending on what is going on in the air space,” said John Sessions, the Historic Flight Foundation’s founder and owner. A couple of seats on the B-25’s 1 p.m. demo flight are still available for new members. Grumpy is the oldest of the roughly 30 B-25s still flying. During World War II, airplane maker North American Aviation churned out nearly 10,000 of the nimble, twin-engine bombers from factories in Kansas and California. The B-25 was a medium bomber, significantly smaller than better known heavy bombers, such as Boeing’s B-17 and B-29. Even so, the rugged airplane bristled with firepower. Different versions were equipped with machine guns, bombs, rockets and even a cannon on some models. Allied air forces used the Mitchell to rain destruction from low altitudes from Europe to the Pacific. It costs about $2,500 to fly the airplane for one hour, Sessions said. That is about evenly split between fuel and maintenance. “The return on investment is subjective,” he said. For people who are thrilled by the sight and sound of a vintage warbird zipping by overhead, the payoff cannot be matched. That passion prompted Sessions to start the Historic Flight Foundation in 2003. The museum has grown steadily, adding to its aircraft collection. It currently has more than 400 members. Every airplane in the collection is in flying condition and dates from between 1927 and 1957. Keeping the planes flying takes “an awful lot of work,” Sessions said. A couple of cracked cylinders in one of Grumpy’s propeller engines grounded the bomber in April. It had been scheduled to fly to Ohio to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the Doolittle Raid, an audacious bombing mission that boosted American morale in the dark days after its entry into World War II. After Japan’s attack on Pearl Harbor, American forces were on the defensive across the Pacific Ocean. In the United States, there were concerns Japanese troops would invade the West Coast. In a bold move, the U.S. Army Air Corps — the predecessor to today’s Air Force — stripped down 16 B-25s and put the land-based bombers on an aircraft carrier, the U.S.S. Hornet. The carrier brought the bombers just close enough to reach Japan. Led by Col. Jimmy Doolittle, the B-25s successfully took off from the Hornet’s flight deck — something that was not guaranteed — and hit various targets in Japan, including the palace of Emperor Hirohito. The raid did little physical damage, but was a morale victory for the U.S. Aviation historian John Fredrickson will talk about the B-25’s role and significance at noon. After that, two B-25 pilots will answer questions about the airplane before Grumpy’s 1 p.m. flight. After the flight, rides will be available for members on three of Historic Flight Foundation’s aircraft: the B-25D, a North American Aviation T-6 trainer and a de Havilland Beaver. The event is open to the public. Rides are available for members. Given the cost to keep the vintage planes in the air, the rides are not cheap: $150 for the Beaver, $495 for the B-25 and $600 for the T-6. Flights also will be available May 20 for Paine Field Aviation Day. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @dcatchpole.   Most Read Everett PE teacher turns space saver into patented invention EVERETT — Johanna Paige Hilde bought her dream home in Everett with… May 9th, 2017 by Victoria Buritsch-Tompkins How to pay for US 2 trestle project is topic of $350K study OLYMPIA — State lawmakers want a better idea of what it will… May 8th, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield Bloody car found in Yakima tied to Everett shooting suspect EVERETT — A string of car prowls in Yakima and a nosy… May 8th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Street Smarts Community Transit starts Paine Field work for rapid bus line Related: More bus rides coming to Paine Field, UW, downtown Seattle The… May 8th, 2017 by Melissa Slager Improvements to Everett schools to begin this summer EVERETT — The Everett School District expects to move ahead this summer… May 8th, 2017 by Chris Winters © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Climbers make their way through the obstacle course Thursday afternoon in the High Trek Adventures at Paine Field in Everett. (Kevin Clark / The Herald) New climbing structure, zip lines open in south Everett Chris Winters Fri May 5th, 2017 10:04am News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — A new high ropes and zip line course opened in Everett on Thursday, and was hailed by Snohomish County officials as a model of a private-public partnership. High Trek Adventures at Paine Field is an attraction that is expected to bring the county $500,000 in revenue and park improvements over the next dozen years. The county had been working on $3.5 million in upgrades to Paine Field Community Park, and was looking for a partner, said Tom Teigen, the county’s parks, recreation and tourism director. They worked for years to try to bring in soccer clubs, grading the site for fields, but to no avail. “It’s been sitting here in this flat state since then,” Teigen said. When High Trek Ventures approached the county, it seemed like a no-brainer, he said. “They were looking at various park systems in King County and elsewhere,” Teigen said. Here, it would boost park attendance, provide capital for necessary repairs and maintenance, and fit in with other tourist attractions around Paine Field and Boeing. High Trek signed a 12-year lease agreement with the county for $350,000 in cash and about $150,000 in improvements to the park, Teigen said. On the formerly empty grassy lot within earshot of the Paine Field runways now stands a 55-foot-tall climbing structure for kids and adults. Several levels of rope and obstacle courses are anchored by stout poles and lined with 12-millimeter safety cable. Zip lines run around the perimeter. “It was a long and wet, wet construction process,” said company owner Brad Halbach. Halbach told a crowd gathered for a ribbon-cutting ceremony that he was looking forward to working with the county on park improvements. “Possibly upgrading the bathrooms, that’s the big request,” he said, to some applause. County Council President Brian Sullivan praised the deal that brought High Trek to Everett. “Private-public partnerships and synergy with government agencies is the wave of the future,” Sullivan said. “Me and heights, it doesn’t work. I’m going to stay down here and watch everyone else go up,” he added. Halbach, of Redmond, has a background in the high-tech industry, running the online home improvement retailer ATG Stores before selling that company to Lowe’s in 2011. He and minority partner Luke Goff, of Snohomish, put their own money into the new enterprise, spending about $1.5 million to get High Trek up and running. “I kind of retired from a desk job last year and decided to follow more recreational activities,” Halbach said. The company has 17 employees, which Halbach said he expects will ramp up to 20-25 during the summer. The staff will drop back down to 10-12 people during the winter months, but the course will stay open for those willing to brave the weather. “We did training with our staff last week and there were some rainy days,” he said. Chris Winters: 425-374-4165; cwinters@heraldnet.com. Twitter: @Chris_At_Herald.   Emily Druschba secures her line on the course Thursday afternoon in the High Trek Adventures at Paine Field in Everett. (Kevin Clark / The Herald) Emily Druschba (left) gets safety instruction from Delana Martinez with Haley Lannom looking on before climbing the course Thursday afternoon in the High Trek Adventures at Paine Field in Everett. (Kevin Clark / The Herald)   Most Read Everett PE teacher turns space saver into patented invention EVERETT — Johanna Paige Hilde bought her dream home in Everett with… May 9th, 2017 by Victoria Buritsch-Tompkins How to pay for US 2 trestle project is topic of $350K study OLYMPIA — State lawmakers want a better idea of what it will… May 8th, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield Bloody car found in Yakima tied to Everett shooting suspect EVERETT — A string of car prowls in Yakima and a nosy… May 8th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Street Smarts Community Transit starts Paine Field work for rapid bus line Related: More bus rides coming to Paine Field, UW, downtown Seattle The… May 8th, 2017 by Melissa Slager Improvements to Everett schools to begin this summer EVERETT — The Everett School District expects to move ahead this summer… May 8th, 2017 by Chris Winters © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review Phone Reviews BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy S8: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy S8: Australian Review LG G6: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure AMD Radeon RX 550: The Gizmodo Review Intel's Optane Memory Could Make Cheap Computers Fast Again Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Gadgets Reviews Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage The Coolest Smart Home Innovations In 2017 Inspirational Tech From The Sydney Home Show Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Magic In Sleight Makes Up For An Otherwise Familiar Tale Alien: Covenant: The Gizmodo Review Prevenge Delivers A Great Horror Story About The Terror Of Impending Motherhood What Sense8 Season Two Lacks In Mind-Blowing Orgies, It Makes Up For In Satisfying Answers The Magic In Sleight Makes Up For An Otherwise Familiar Tale Alien: Covenant: The Gizmodo Review Prevenge Delivers A Great Horror Story About The Terror Of Impending Motherhood Microsoft's Surface Laptop: The Gizmodo Hands On Smart Home & Gadgets Amazon Just Announced The Touchscreen Echo Nobody Asked For Every Office Should Have Slot Cars Racing Across All The Desks Small Business Wins In Budget 2017 With $20,000 Instant Asset Write-Offs An Aerospace Engineer Turned A Classic LEGO Set Into An RC Plane That Actually Flies Mobile HTC One X10: Australian Price And Availability The Best Value Mobile Broadband Plans In Australia Telstra Wi-Fi Calling Is Now Available On iPhone There's No Time Limit On Your Snaps Now Car Tech Nvidia Wants To Make All Cars Autonomous Here's A Look At Uber Freight, The Company's Long-Haul Trucking Project Government Spends $16 Million On Free Driving Lessons Budget 2017 Includes A $10 Billion Program To Fix Australia's Rail Network Online The Government Wants You To Pay An NBN Tax The South Korean Presidential Election, As Told Through The Medium Of Game Of Thrones FBI Director: 'I Am Not A Tweeter' Hipster Highs And Lows In The 2017 Budget 🥑🚬💩 Science & Health Your Favourite Paperweight May Be A Plesiosaur Bone So About That Hyped New Study On Cheese Being Great Scientists Just Found The Oldest Evidence Of Life On Land In Western Australia Celebrated 'Baby Louie' Fossil Identified As New Dinosaur Species Cameras Deals: How To Become A Professional Photographer In 30 Hours Aussie Photographer's Salt Landscapes Are The Definition Of Otherworldly Beauty Colorado Cop Admits To Faking Body Cam Footage In Felony Weapons Case Can't Afford A Drone? Just Throw Your GoPro Computing Why FaceApp's Selfie Filters Work So Well And Why They Don't Mediocre Grammar Startup Raises Stupid Amount Of Money Deals: Become A Legit Java Expert In 9 Hours Watch What Happens When An Algorithm Tries To Predict The Next Frame 100,000 Times In A Row Gaming Could 'Strafe' Defy The Curse Of Bad Video Game Movies? This Incredibly Catchy Drum And Bass Track Was Made Using Only Video Game Weapon Sounds Watch: The World's First eSports Reality Show How To Turn Your Smartphone Into An (Almost) Nintendo Switch Entertainment The Co-Creator Of iZombie Is So Sure It's Going To Be Renewed That He Changed The Finale Netflix Used The Budget To Make An Awesome House Of Cards Promo Orlando Jones On American Gods' Incredible Mr Nancy Speech And Racism: 'He's Just Laying Out What The F**k It Is' The First Teaser For Bryan Singer's X-Men Show The Gifted Is Here Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment Scientists Just Found The Oldest Evidence Of Life On Land In Western Australia Get The Most Out of Your Solar Panels This Winter How Rollercoasters Show Us We Are Lazy, Lazy Consumers Living In A Lazy Consumerist Society The Best Value Mobile Broadband Plans In Australia Top Secret Air Force Spaceplane Lands With Sonic Boom After Two Years In Orbit  Matt Novak May 9, 2017, 2:45pm ⋅ Filed to:  air force space spaceplane x-37b Share The US Air Force's secretive X-37B spaceplane landed on May 7 after 718 days in orbit — just 12 days shy of a full two years. What was it doing up there in the sky? The government won't say. Even the spaceplane's budget is a secret. But the X-37B's landing wasn't so stealthy. The spaceplane caused a sonic boom that woke up people living near NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida. GIF made from US Air Force videos of the X-37B spaceplane landing at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center on 7 May 2017 (US Air Force) Something just went thru the sound barrier. Big sonic boom over my house!!! 🚀💥 — eHardin ♱ (@eHardinda) May 7, 2017 The secret, reusable spaceplane is made by Boeing and is unmanned, allowing it to conduct extended missions, even if the public has no idea what those missions might be. This was the X-37B's fourth mission (all secret, of course), and the spaceplane typically lands in California, not Florida. Again, we don't know enough about the spaceplane's purpose to speculate about why it landed in Florida and woke up the neighbours this time around. The spaceplane beat its own previous record of 674 days in orbit after landing in October of 2014. At that time the speculation was that the US Air Force was using the X-37B for some kind of surveillance of China's space station. Photo of the X-37B provided by the US Air Force after the spaceplane at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center on 7 May 2017 (US Air Force) The X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle (OTV) has now spent an astonishing 2085 cumulative days in orbit since its first mission in April of 2010. When the spaceplane first took off on its most recent mission on 20 May 2015, David Bowie, Leonard Cohen and Prince were all still alive, and Donald Trump was still a month out from announcing his bid for president — something that was met with little more than jokes at the time. Photo of the X-37B provided by the US Air Force after the spaceplane at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center on 7 May 2017 (US Air Force) "The landing of OTV-4 marks another success for the X-37B program and the nation," X-37B program manager Lt Col Ron Fehlen said in a statement without giving away the plot of this real-life mystery movie we seem to be living in. "This mission once again set an on-orbit endurance record and marks the vehicle's first landing in the state of Florida," Fehlen continued. "We are incredibly pleased with the performance of the space vehicle and are excited about the data gathered to support the scientific and space communities. We are extremely proud of the dedication and hard work by the entire team." "The hard work of the X-37B OTV team and the 45th Space Wing successfully demonstrated the flexibility and resolve necessary to continue the nation's advancement in space," Randy Walden, the director of the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office, said in a statement. "The ability to land, refurbish, and launch from the same location further enhances the OTV's ability to rapidly integrate and qualify new space technologies." The US Air Force provided three videos of the landing, along with several photos. We've uploaded the three videos above for your viewing pleasure. As best I can tell, there's no ET in sight. Here are a few photos of the X-37B on its way to a hangar at the Kennedy Space Center. Image: US Air Force And this one from behind: Image: US Air Force As for this one, I'm not sure these guys understand the whole "secret" part of their project: Image: US Air Force But it's a good thing that this mini-shuttle is unmanned. If I'd left Earth in May of 2015 and had a two year mission I'm not sure I'd want to come back in 2017. WATCH MORE: Science & Health News Comments fizzpop @fizzpop May 9, 2017, 4:44pm Just the right size for a cryopod First human trial in space. Hopefully ! Reply 0 backfromthedead @backfromthedead May 9, 2017, 5:15pm I hate all this secrecy by governments. We will never see peace in this world while there's secrets. All governments should be totally transparent and if they're not, we should vote them out. Reply 0 Daaaaamm,I'mLookin'Good @skinja May 10, 2017, 9:13am i agree with you, but unfortunately, maybe its due to those secrets that we havnt experienced an all out nuclear world war... could go either way honestly, but i guess you're right. it would have started with secrets. Reply 1 chompers @evan May 10, 2017, 10:25am You realise that we can technically vote governments out now, right? The issue there is that life is good, so people are apathetic. Reply 0 morons Guest May 10, 2017, 3:02pm or we could have no secrets and all of our enemies would open uptake our hard work use it against us. Reply 0 skrybe @skrybe May 10, 2017, 3:38pm I just love the fact the super space plan is hooked up and towed behind an F350 (or similar) like someone towing their camper or speedboat on the weekend. As for the secrecy part, it's not so much the plane or where it's hangared as the data it's been collecting. Seems likely they pulled the drives and removed them to secure storage immediately, or it may not even have stored data. It possibly just narrowcasts the data back to Earth while in orbit. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now The Government Wants You To Pay An NBN Tax Campbell Simpson 10 May 2017 10:10 AM The government is pushing for a $7.10 levy to be implemented on the ISPs that deliver Australia's superfast fixed-line broadband, to help pay for the wireless and satellite portions of the National Broadband Network. That The Australian Government Will Drug Test Welfare Recipients Campbell Simpson 10 May 2017 1:15 PM The 2017-18 budget will save the government $632 million in welfare payments, in part thanks to tough new rules that will target and penalise Centrelink recipients that are affected by drugs and alcohol. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals The Best Value Mobile Broadband Plans In Australia Deals: Become A Legit Java Expert In 9 Hours Deals: Australia's Biggest Home Loan Sale Ends Tonight Deals: This Ultra-Bright Projector Brings The Cosmos To Your Room Trending Articles 1 The Government Wants You To Pay An NBN Tax 2 The Australian Government Will Drug Test Welfare Recipients 3 The Best Value Mobile Broadband Plans In Australia So About That Hyped New Study On Cheese Being Great Why FaceApp's Selfie Filters Work So Well And Why They Don't Scientists Just Found The Oldest Evidence Of Life On Land In Western Australia Nvidia Wants To Make All Cars Autonomous Video Game About Pot Farming Is Fun Even If You Aren't Stoned Four Pro Gaming Teams Drop Overwatch In One Week An Australian Spirited Away Superfan Remixed The Soundtrack With Magical Results The Best Value Mobile Broadband Plans In Australia Watch: Every Music Video From The 2017 Eurovision Song Contest Nvidia Wants To Make All Cars Autonomous Budget 2017 At A Glance [Infographic] Aldi Is Selling A $499 3D Printer This Weekend One of the UK's biggest business groups thinks something should be done about executive pay 13 measures in the 2017 budget that might surprise you 10 things in tech you need to know today Big banks had a roller coaster session today in the fallout from the budget's bank levy © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Type to Search Flight Cars Culture Home How To Military Science Reviews Reviews Apps Gadgets Gear Tools Space Technology The Code Subscribe Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Podcasts Newsletter Popular Mechanics STEM Experience Follow Follow facebook twitter google+ pinterest youtube instagram Promotions Win Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter PopMech Follow Us On Pinterest Popular Mechanics Page-1 Cars How To Adventure Tech Shop Follow Subscribe Give A Gift Digital Edition Game Time The 50 Best New Board Games Secret Military Spaceplane Lands With Telltale Sonic Boom The Air Force's X-37B landed after 718 days in orbit. What exactly it does up there is classified. Most Popular U.S. Air Force By Jay Bennett May 8, 2017 The X-37B spacecraft operated by the U.S. Air Force landed at Kennedy Space Center on the morning of May 7, causing a sonic boom that was heard by residents across central Florida. The unmanned spaceplane spent 718 days in orbit before coming down, about a month and a half longer than the craft's previous record of 674 days. The Air Force operates two X-37Bs, which are reusable spaceplanes built by Boeing that launch on Atlas V rockets for extended missions in orbit. Similar to the Space Shuttle in appearance, the X-37B is only about a quarter of the size at 29 feet long. The spaceplane needs no cockpit or life support systems, and can operate in orbit for hundreds of days at a time. Like the Space Shuttle, the X-37B has double doors that cover a payload bay, which is about the size of the bed of a pickup truck. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Most Popular What exactly the Air Force uses the X-37B for is classified. The description of the spacecraft on the USAF website reads: "Managed by the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office, the X-37B program is the newest and most advanced re-entry spacecraft that performs risk reduction, experimentation and concept of operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies." It has been widely speculated that the craft is used for intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR) missions, spying on operations in places like Iran and North Korea. Because the craft can land and have its payload swapped out whenever the Air Force deems it necessary, the X-37B could potentially be used for a number of missions and testing platforms. Experts have also guessed that the X-37B could be used for testing autonomous flight technologies, serve as a communications relay in orbit, or serve as a testing platform for systems that could ultimately be used on a manned spacecraft. The Air Force's X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle mission 4 lands at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility, Fla., May 7, 2017. U.S. Air Force The operations of the X-37B might be classified, but there is no hiding it when it reenters the atmosphere and shakes the countryside with a sonic boom. This is the first time the craft has landed in Florida, having performed all three of its previous landings in California. Another mission using the X-37B is scheduled to launch from Cape Canaveral later this year. How long the X-37B will orbit this time, and what exactly it will be doing, is known only by a handful of people in the Department of Defense. More from Popular Mechanics: More From Military Aviation Military Aviation Share The Civil War Balloonist Who Invented Aerial Reconnaissance Military Aviation Share Russia Sends Its Most Advanced Fighters to U.S. Coast Military Aviation Share The President's Secret War Shuttles That Shadow Air Force One GIF Military Aviation Share Vintage Fighter Blows Away Runway on Takeoff Military Aviation Share Lockheed's Catapult-Launched Drone Called Fury Lingers 15 Hours Over the Battlefield GIF Military Aviation Share Watch the F-35 Zip Through a World-Famous Low-Level Pass GIF Military Aviation Share Why Biplanes Won Out as the Warbirds of World War One Military Aviation Share Why the C-130 Is Such a Badass Plane Military Aviation Share The Marines Are Testing a Glider Drone Made of Plywood Military Aviation Share Meet the Helicopter That's More Expensive Than the F-35 Military Military Aviation Air Force USAF X-37 X-37B Spaceplane Sonic Boom Kennedy Space Center Space Shuttle The Contractors Conference Room: Laughing Off a Sonic Boom, Frustrated with Iraqis in Construction Boom Scientists Film Sonic Boom Made of Lasers With High-Speed Camera The Famous Sonic Boom Photo That Doesn't Actually Show a Sonic Boom This Experimental Japanese Plane Could Take Some Boom Out of Sonic Booms America's Secret Space Plane Lands Build Your Own Bat Cave With Secret Room Camouflage More From Military Aviation PM_Logo Created with Sketch. Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Media Kit Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media Popular Mechanics participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means Popular Mechanics gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Site Map
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SLCC, Granite District Host Education Secretary, Tout ‘Aerospace Pathways’ Salt Lake City, Utah (PRWEB) May 08, 2017 U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos will visit Granite Technical Institute Tuesday, 11:30 a.m. to see where students start in the Utah Aerospace Pathways program before moving on to related courses at Salt Lake Community College and elsewhere. DeVos is expected to meet with officials from Granite, SLCC and local industries related to the Aerospace Pathways program at the Institute, 2500 South State Street in Salt Lake City. Since 2015, the Aerospace Pathways program has been providing Utah students the opportunity to graduate high school with a certificate in aerospace manufacturing and begin a career in that field. The first semester (60 hours of study) of the program takes place in high schools while the second semester (48 hours of study) is held at Salt Lake Community College and Davis Applied Technology College. Students also participate in paid internships during their senior year of high school. Coursework includes composite manufacturing, basic metrology, tool usage and safety, environmental health, precision measuring instruments, organization awareness, applied mathematics and reading. Upon completion of the program and after passing pre-employment requirements, students can work for program industry partners Boeing, Harris, Hexcel, Hill Air Force Base, Janicki or Orbital ATK. Jobs at these employers are considered to provide “family-sustaining” wages and, in some cases, include tuition reimbursement programs for continued education after working for the company for at least one year. Salt Lake Community College is an accredited, student-focused, comprehensive community college meeting the diverse needs of the Salt Lake community. Home to more than 60,000 students each year, the College is Utah’s leading provider of workforce development programs. SLCC is also the largest supplier of transfer students to Utah’s four-year institutions and a perennial Top 10 college nationally for total associate degrees awarded. The College is the sole provider of applied technology courses in the Salt Lake area, with multiple locations, an eCampus, and nearly 1,000 continuing education sites located throughout the Salt Lake Valley. Personal attention from an excellent faculty is paramount at the College, which maintains an average class size of 20. Granite School District is the third largest school district in the state of Utah, serving more than 67,000 K-12 students in 90 schools throughout the Salt Lake Valley. Granite offers students a myriad of educational pathways that cater to interests, goals and needs. Teachers in Granite receive ongoing professional development to help them prepare students for college, career and life in the 21st century world. The district has been nationally recognized for its new teacher mentoring program, industry partnerships, and unique approaches to help all students succeed. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Il gruppo James Pascoe passa a Rimini Street per l’assistenza per le sue applicazioni SAP per otto marche di vendita al dettaglio Next PostNext PCORI to Offer Up to $41 Million for New Patient-Centered Comparative Clinical Effectiveness Research on Opioids, Advanced Illnesses Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SLCC, Granite District Host Education Secretary, Tout ‘Aerospace Pathways’ Salt Lake City, Utah (PRWEB) May 08, 2017 U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos will visit Granite Technical Institute Tuesday, 11:30 a.m. to see where students start in the Utah Aerospace Pathways program before moving on to related courses at Salt Lake Community College and elsewhere. DeVos is expected to meet with officials from Granite, SLCC and local industries related to the Aerospace Pathways program at the Institute, 2500 South State Street in Salt Lake City. Since 2015, the Aerospace Pathways program has been providing Utah students the opportunity to graduate high school with a certificate in aerospace manufacturing and begin a career in that field. The first semester (60 hours of study) of the program takes place in high schools while the second semester (48 hours of study) is held at Salt Lake Community College and Davis Applied Technology College. Students also participate in paid internships during their senior year of high school. Coursework includes composite manufacturing, basic metrology, tool usage and safety, environmental health, precision measuring instruments, organization awareness, applied mathematics and reading. Upon completion of the program and after passing pre-employment requirements, students can work for program industry partners Boeing, Harris, Hexcel, Hill Air Force Base, Janicki or Orbital ATK. Jobs at these employers are considered to provide “family-sustaining” wages and, in some cases, include tuition reimbursement programs for continued education after working for the company for at least one year. Salt Lake Community College is an accredited, student-focused, comprehensive community college meeting the diverse needs of the Salt Lake community. Home to more than 60,000 students each year, the College is Utah’s leading provider of workforce development programs. SLCC is also the largest supplier of transfer students to Utah’s four-year institutions and a perennial Top 10 college nationally for total associate degrees awarded. The College is the sole provider of applied technology courses in the Salt Lake area, with multiple locations, an eCampus, and nearly 1,000 continuing education sites located throughout the Salt Lake Valley. Personal attention from an excellent faculty is paramount at the College, which maintains an average class size of 20. Granite School District is the third largest school district in the state of Utah, serving more than 67,000 K-12 students in 90 schools throughout the Salt Lake Valley. Granite offers students a myriad of educational pathways that cater to interests, goals and needs. Teachers in Granite receive ongoing professional development to help them prepare students for college, career and life in the 21st century world. The district has been nationally recognized for its new teacher mentoring program, industry partnerships, and unique approaches to help all students succeed. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Il gruppo James Pascoe passa a Rimini Street per l’assistenza per le sue applicazioni SAP per otto marche di vendita al dettaglio Next PostNext PCORI to Offer Up to $41 Million for New Patient-Centered Comparative Clinical Effectiveness Research on Opioids, Advanced Illnesses Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Biglaw Small Law Firms Small Firm Center Law Schools In-House Counsel Business Development Future of the Supreme Court Justice Privacy Bonuses ATL Rankings Asia Chronicles Government Appellate Court Blog CLE Litigation Finance Podcast Career Center Job Listings Law Firm Rankings Law School Rankings Pre-Law Law Students Lawyers Law Firm Directory Law School Directory Law Firm Advances, Bonuses, Stipends Resource Center Send Tips Advertise Events About X Close Signup Modal Above The Law In your inbox Subscribe and get breaking news, commentary, and opinions on law firms, lawyers, law schools, lawsuits, judges, and more. Send Tips Advertise Events About Above the Law Trump Fires James Comey For Helping Trump Get Elected Meet A New Law School Dean: An Interview With Judge Gail Prudenti Non-Sequiturs: 05.09.17 Man Sues American Airlines Because His Aisle Was Full Of Fat People Stop Equating eDiscovery With Data — It’s Not That Simple The Future Is Often Bright For Acting Attorneys General Feds Making A Literal Federal Case Out Of Uber’s Behavior What’s Next Solo? Lawyer To Legal Tech, Chad Burton, CuroLegal Legal Operations Takeover? Live Conversation From The 2017 CLOC Institute Court-Sanctioned, Gender-Based Pay Discrepency? Say It Isn’t So! T14 Law Professors Show Strong Support For Trump’s Sixth Circuit Nominee How To Make Better Technology Choices For Your Practice Why Do Law Professors Write Law Review Articles? The Top 5 Benefits Of Using Firm Central As Your Law Practice Management Software The Law Schools With The Lowest (And Highest) Acceptance Rates Biglaw Small Law Small Firm Center Law Schools In-House Legal Tech Justice Government Appellate Court Blog Career Center Job Listings Pre-Law Law Students Lawyers Law Firm Rankings Law School Rankings Law Firm Directory Law School Directory Resource Center Law Firm Advances, Bonuses, Stipends CLE Do Associates Defy Generational Stereotypes? Download Our Free Report Law Schools, Politics, SCOTUS, Supreme Court Supreme Court Shortlister Turned General Counsel Calls Out The Court (Plus Presidents And Congress Too) Controversial comments from a leading judge turned general counsel. By David Lat May 8, 2017 at 4:43 PM Shares18 Judge J. Michael Luttig (via YouTube) Looking at the legal luminaries who have spoken or will speak at law school graduations this year, you’ll see a lot of celebrities. There are prominent politicians, like vice president Mike Pence, Governor Kate Brown, and Senators Cory Booker, Bob Casey, and Maggie Hassan. There are Biglaw boldface names, such as Roberta Kaplan, Ted Wells, Mary Jo White. There are famous former prosecutors, including Loretta Lynch, Preet Bharara, and Sally Yates. And there are judges, lots of judges (including such superstars as Judge Alex Kozinski of the Ninth Circuit and Judge Diane Sykes of the Seventh Circuit). For my money, though, one of the most notable names on the list is Judge J. Michael Luttig, the Fourth Circuit judge turned Boeing general counsel. Judge Luttig was appointed to the federal bench at the tender age of 37, and during his time as a judge, he developed a reputation as a great jurist and remarkable writer — who didn’t pull his punches, especially in dissent. His brilliance as a judge brought him thisclose to a Supreme Court seat, and among legal nerds, he became famous as a SCOTUS feeder judge. Judge Luttig sent almost all of his clerks — aka “Luttigators” — into Supreme Court clerkships.[1] Last Friday, Judge Luttig delivered the commencement address at the University of South Carolina School of Law. And true to form, he spoke with courage and candor, refusing to sugarcoat his remarks. He lamented the triumph of partisan politics over the rule of law, and he wasn’t shy about calling to task the actors who have brought about this sad state of affairs. For starters: One can’t help wondering what Judge Luttig would think of President Trump’s likely nominees to judicial office. But — contrary to the views of some progressives — not everything is Trump’s (or the executive branch’s) fault: So it sounds like Judge Luttig wasn’t a fan of what happened to the nominations of either Chief Judge Merrick Garland or then-Judge Neil Gorsuch, suggesting that the processes devolved into “partisan spectacle.” In contrast, note Judge Luttig’s warm words for the late Justice Antonin Scalia, calling his former boss (for whom he clerked on the D.C. Circuit) “the last Lion of the Rule of Law.”[2] But don’t think that Judge Luttig’s praise for Justice Scalia extends to all the justices or to the Supreme Court as an institution. Instead, SCOTUS bears some of the blame as well: He doesn’t name names, of justices or of cases, but we can all think of jurists or decisions that put politics ahead of law. It is, as Judge Luttig makes clear in his remarks, a sin committed on both sides of the aisle. These are just the juiciest parts; Judge Luttig’s speech is worth reading in its entirety. You can do so by flipping to the next page (or clicking here). P.S. In reading his remarks, I couldn’t help noticing Judge Luttig’s greeting of University of South Carolina President Harris Pastides, who happens to be a family friend (he went to college with my father-in-law). Speaking at a dinner held after commencement, Judge Luttig praised President Pastides as “a brilliant mind, a brilliant scholar, a brilliant educator, and a brilliant University President.” President Pastides has led the university since 2008, and USC has grown and flourished under his tenure. But 2016 will surely go down in history as one of the school’s best years ever, with the men’s basketball team making its Final Four debut and the women’s team winning the whole tournament. Go Gamecocks! [1] Depending on how you measure feeder-judge status, Judge Luttig might be the number-one feeder judge in history. Other judges, such as the aforementioned Judge Kozinski, have sent more clerks total to SCOTUS. But Judge Luttig surely is — and probably will remain, for many years — the biggest feeder judge in terms of the percentage of his clerks that have gone on to One First Street. Off the top of my head, I can think of only two Luttigators over the judge’s fifteen-year tenure who did not eventually clerk for the Court. [2] Yes, liberals would lash into Luttig for praising Justice Scalia as putting law over politics. Conservatives would defend Scalia by noting the many cases when his originalist method led to results he’d find politically unpalatable (e.g., wins for flag burners and criminal defendants). Lather, rinse, repeat — it’s a familiar debate, and one that we don’t need to rehash here. Earlier: 2017 Law School Graduation Speaker Round-Up David Lat is the founder and managing editor of Above the Law and the author of Supreme Ambitions: A Novel. He previously worked as a federal prosecutor in Newark, New Jersey; a litigation associate at Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz; and a law clerk to Judge Diarmuid F. O’Scannlain of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. You can connect with David on Twitter (@DavidLat), LinkedIn, and Facebook, and you can reach him by email at dlat@abovethelaw.com. Promoted Sponsored Content See Why Bloomberg Law Stands Out See Why Bloomberg Law Stands Out Bloomberg Law has been one of the best tools that I’ve used in defending complex litigation and consumer class actions… Bloomberg Law has one of the best tools in... Bloomberg BNA Promoted Sponsored Content Master The LSAT With Learning Science Master The LSAT With Learning Science What’s the best way to study for the LSAT? The traditional educational model dictates that you should read… Use these research-backed strategies to prep for the test. MATT SHINNERS, MANHATTAN PREP 1 2Next » Shares18 Topics Commencement, Federal Judges, General Counsel, Graduation, Graduation speakers, Harris Pastides, In-House Counsel, J. Michael Luttig, Judicial Confirmations, Judicial Nominations, Judicial Nominees, Law Schools, Mike Luttig, Politics, SCOTUS, Supreme Court, University of South Carolina —ADVERTISEMENT— ATL Law School Directory University of South Carolina School of Law More stats and coverage ATL Rank Not ranked See the 2016 rankings LST Employment Score 67% Top Biglaw Employers University of South Carolina School of Law LSAT (25/75) 153/157 GPA (25/75) 3.05/3.56 US News Rank 92 -Tie Latest on University of South Carolina School of Law 2017 Law School Graduation Speaker Round-Up Law School Increases Security After Incident With Former Student Comparing the Law Schools of the South Love ATL? Let's make it official. Sign up for our newsletter. Popular Articles Let’s Rewatch Sally Yates Posterizing Ted Cruz The Law Schools With The Lowest (And Highest) Acceptance Rates Trump Fires James Comey For Helping Trump Get Elected A Netflix First Features New Lawyers Man Sues American Airlines Because His Aisle Was Full Of Fat People Tiffany Trump Has Picked Her Law School T14 Law Professors Show Strong Support For Trump’s Sixth Circuit Nominee The New York Times Spills the Beans on the Casey Greenfield / Jeffrey Toobin Affair Meet A New Law School Dean: An Interview With Judge Gail Prudenti Divorce Cases Are Terrible For Narcissists Like Me Beyond Biglaw: What’s A Case Worth? A Gift Guide For Law School Grads The Future Is Often Bright For Acting Attorneys General Why Do Law Professors Write Law Review Articles? Acting Solicitor General Admits ‘Muslim Ban’ Would Be Unconstitutional, Says This Isn’t A Muslim Ban From the Above the Law Network Andie Kramer And Al Harris: Empowering Women And Engaging Men To Deal With Gender Bias Source: Lawline CLE Get More Out Of Legal Directories Source: Thomson Reuters Sales Concepts for Small Law Firms Source: Thomson Reuters Millennials: Learn How to Market to This Generation Source: Thomson Reuters 5 Things First-Years Need To Do To Survive Biglaw Source: Lateral Link Defense-Side Litigation Funding – In Practice Source: Lake Whillans Free Law Project to Download All Opinions from PACER and Make Them Available to Public Source: Lawsites Blog 5 Things First-Years Need To Do To Survive Biglaw Source: Lateral Link California Cannabis: The Marijuana Manufacturing Rules (Part I) This Week In Legal Tech: To Be Holistic Or Not To Be Shares18 Promoted Sponsored Content In The Land Of Legal Make-Believe In The Land Of Legal Make-Believe We’ll get you paid as quick as can be and prevent future past dues with EasyPayJD. We’ll get you paid as quick as can be, and prevent future past dues with EasyPayJD. Easy Pay Solutions Promoted Sponsored Content Building a Tech-Savvy IP Practice Building a Tech-Savvy IP Practice Legal technology is here to stay. Legal technology is here to stay. Nehal Madhani Recent Jobs Covenant Analyst Location: New York, New York posted by Xtract Research Director of Research and Content Development Location: New York City, New York posted by Intelligence Squared U.S. Uniform Bar Examination (UBE) Blogger Location: Berkeley, United States posted by Magoosh Civil Rights Litigator (7-10 years' experience) Location: Berkeley, California posted by Disability Rights Advocates Mid-Level Corporate Associate Location: Houston, Texas posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC view all » Promoted Sponsored Content Employment Discrimination “Because of Sex”: Then and Now Employment Discrimination “Because of Sex”: Then and Now Above the Law readers are offered 1 free CLE course each month, thanks to Lawline. ATL readers are offered 1 free CLE course each month. Lawline Promoted Sponsored Content Emergence Of Lateral Market In Dallas-Fort Worth Emergence Of Lateral Market In Dallas-Fort Worth A look into a growing region. An interview with Kinney Recruiting. A look into a growing region. An interview with Kinney Recruiting. Stephanie Wilkins Newsletter Signup Subscribe and get breaking news, commentary, and opinions on law firms, lawyers, law schools, lawsuits, judges, and more. Editorial Staff Managing Editor David Lat Editors Staci Zaretsky Joe Patrice Breaking Media Editor at Large Elie Mystal × Love ATL? Let's make it official. Sign up for our newsletter. Follow us No thanks Our Sites © 2017 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. ×
Jump to Navigation SEARCH Search form Search ◀ Environment / Food Environment Food Fracking Water Economy Economy Labor Local Education Rights Human Rights LGBTQ Immigration Media / Culture Media Culture Books Documentaries Health Drugs Activism Belief Pleasure Sex & Relationships Activism Big Corporations Are Openly Backing Trump's Hate Agenda—Let's Boycott Them Americans can vote with their dollars to defend immigrants' rights every day. By Ilana Novick / AlterNet May 8, 2017 Print Comments May Day protest in New York City, 2017. Photo Credit: Ilana Novick "You must pick a side," Deborah Axt said of corporate America on a recent press call. "Either you stand with our communities or with hate." Axt, who is the co-executive director of immigration advocacy organization Make The Road New York, was launching Corporate Backers of Hate, a new campaign from Make The Road New York and the Center for Popular Democracy in collaboration with a coalition of other immigrant and labor advocacy organizations. The new campaign targets nine companies—JP Morgan Chase, Wells Fargo, Goldman Sachs, IBM, Disney, Boeing, BlackRock, Uber, and Blackstone—that are close to the Trump administration and have a financial stake in his most abusive policies, particularly immigrant detention and attacks on workers' rights.  The campaign began with a website, where visitors can learn about the nine companies' labor practices and violations and their connections to private prisons and immigrant detention centers. Armed with that information, people can use the site to contact the companies and encourage them to withdraw their investments and refrain from bidding on the opportunity to participate in Trump's border wall construction. There will also be a social media strategy and an upcoming campaign to encourage cities and states to limit business dealings with the nine companies.  The site also has a calendar with opportunities to join upcoming direct actions at the companies' offices across the country, to further remind them that, as Ana Maria Archila, co-executive director of Center for Popular Democracy noted, "you are on notice... Trump's agenda is not just ideological, but economic. We want to make sure the public understands."  The organizers hope to make Americans aware of just how connected these companies are to the larger anti-immigration agenda, and just how easily one's hard-earned money can inadvertently go to corporations whose business practices hurt the most vulnerable. The Corporate Backers of Hate site clearly lays out the connections, making it much easier for consumers to fight back. Many Americans will have to wait until 2018 until they can vote for elected officials, but until then, they can vote with their dollars.  Axt explained that the success of these policies "depends heavily on how much collaboration [Trump] receives from companies willing to finance it." Taking inspiration from the success of the anti-Dakota Access Pipeline campaign, which convinced cities including Seattle to divest from companies that supported the project, Corporate Backers of Hate wants to expand public outcry against Trump to include the companies that make his agenda possible. As Matt Nelson, executive director of Presente, explains, now is the best time to extend the momentum of campaigns like GrabYourWallet, which helps consumers boycott Trump products: "Companies are at an all-time high of vulnerability to public pressures... this campaign marks a new phase of corporate accountability." After all, he notes, "Millions of people are taking daily action, demanding companies be very clear in not siding with Trump.  For example, JP Morgan Chase donated $500,000 to Trump's inaugural committee. Along with Wells Fargo, the two are among the largest financiers of America's largest private prison companies, the GEO Group and CoreCivic. BlackRock has an 11 percent stake in CoreCivic and a 12 percent stake in the GEO Group. Manuel A., a member of Make The Road New York, told reporters about escaping gang violence in El Salvador, only to come to America and face a two-month stay in a CoreCivic Facility inmates called the Ice Box, because it was kept so cold. Manuel said, "I felt like a criminal... did not have my freedom, could not see my family. [Prison staff] blocked my calls and I had to work inside [the] detention center and was paid $1 a day... That's not enough to pay a lawyer."  The direct actions began May 1, when 12 immigration advocates were arrested outside of JP Morgan's New York City headquarters. Those arrested included Center for Popular Democracy's Ana Maria Archila. The protesters carried signs saying "Our Profit, Our Pain” and chanted, “¡Chase, escucha, estamos en la lucha!” ("Chase, listen, we’re in the struggle!"). According to the organizers, this is the beginning of a nationwide series of direct actions, social media campaigns, and eventually, boycotts. All of the organizers acknowledged that in order to convince the companies to divest from private prisons and the looming border wall, it's not enough to appeal to their morals; one has to appeal to their bottom line. Just as Fox News fired Roger Ailes and Bill O'Reilly because they feared losing advertisers, the nine companies must be convinced that their profits will tank in order for the campaigns to make a difference. As Sulma Arias, immigration field director of Fair Immigration Reform Movement, says, "Every place they face the public, they will be held accountable. They should feel their brand is vulnerable any place they interact with the public." Ilana Novick is an AlterNet contributing writer and production editor.         Share on Facebook Share         Share on Twitter Tweet Report typos and corrections to [email protected] '.         Comments Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox EMAIL: + sign up for additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox + select additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Enviro Newswire Enviro Newswire presented by   Best of the week Most Read Most Emailed Most Discussed On Reddit On Digg Kellyanne Conway's Response to Concerns that People Will Die Under the New Healthcare Bill: Insult Poor People David Edwards / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 05/07/2017 - 09:21 CNN's Top Legal Analyst: Trump's Tweet-Threat of Sally Yates Was 'Unprecedented' and 'Disturbing' Brad Reed / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 05/08/2017 - 11:09 Donald Trump's Breathtaking Ignorance Is Becoming More Evident with Each Passing Day David Cay Johnston / The Guardian Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 05/09/2017 - 07:16 These Are the Best Sources of Protein for Vegetarians and Vegans Jennifer Gueringer / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 05/07/2017 - 23:30 SNL Nails How Men Would Really React in 'The Handmaid's Tale' Jenny Pierson / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 05/07/2017 - 06:48 White Racism in America's Police Departments Is So Much Worse Than Most Americans Understand Jeff Pegues / Prometheus Books Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 05/08/2017 - 13:29 Here Are 24 of the Biggest Issues Facing the Country—And the DC Elites and Media Don't Bother Addressing Them Andrew J. Bacevich / TomDispatch Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 05/07/2017 - 08:50 Red-State Blue-State Divide Is Showing Up in Tourism: Stereotypes Are Keeping Liberals from Alabama Beaches April M. Short / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 05/07/2017 - 13:48 Big Corporations Are Openly Backing Trump's Hate Agenda—Let's Boycott Them Ilana Novick / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 05/08/2017 - 14:37 Paul Krugman: Under Trumpcare, Millions Will Lose Coverage, Many Will Die—and the GOP Will Try to Blame It on Liberals Ilana Novick / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 05/08/2017 - 06:12 Today's Top Stories Election 2016 8 Senators on Comey Firing: Democrats Are Determined to Find What Trump's Hiding, While Not All Republicans Run to Trump's Defense News & Politics Trump's Tuesday Night Massacre: Firing of Comey Reeks of Cover-Up How Comey Became Tangled in the U.S. Election—and Why It Led to His Downfall The Right Wing Donald Trump Is Radicalizing America's Court System Before Our Very Eyes News & Politics CNN Legal Analyst Unloads on Comey's Firing: 'This Is the Kind of Thing That Goes On in Non-Democracies' News & Politics The Stunning White House Coordination Around Comey's Firing Suggests Something Deeper Was at Work News & Politics Stephen Colbert Spotlights the Most Effective Democratic Attack Ad on Trumpcare and the GOP Yet News & Politics BREAKING: FBI Director James Comey Has Been Fired Activism Big Corporations Are Openly Backing Trump's Hate Agenda—Let's Boycott Them Activism Furious Protesters Descend on Paul Ryan Outside Harlem Charter School News & Politics Donald Trump's Breathtaking Ignorance Is Becoming More Evident with Each Passing Day News & Politics Trump's Monstrous Megadonor Has Some Twisted Ideas About When the U.S. Turned in the 'Wrong Direction' Did James Comey Lie Under Oath About Hillary's Emails to Huma Abedin? The Right Wing Despite Their Twisted Hero Fantasies, Republicans Are Basically Political Terrorists Destroying Lives News & Politics With Obamacare Under GOP Assault, New York Could Fight Back with Single-Payer News & Politics Paul Ryan Made a Big Mistake Whining to Seth Meyers About His Trumpcare Coverage Drugs Trump Threatens to Defy Congress to Go After Medical Marijuana News & Politics Republican Candidate in Georgia Runoff Refuses Debate After Learning It Will Be Open to the Public Drugs Has Western Medicine Completely Botched Painkillers? News & Politics Jimmy Kimmel's Emotional Health Care Plea Appears to Have Won Over One Republican Senator News & Politics Bernie Sanders Has a Huge Admirer and Supporter in Jimmy Carter Yates Warned White House Flynn ‘Could Be Blackmailed’ Personal Health Anti-Vax Propaganda Helps Measles—Once Eradicated—Spread Across the Twin Cities Privatized For-Profit Immigrant Detention Centers Are a 'Living Nightmare,' Investigation Shows News & Politics Trump Voters Are Willing to Be Conned as Long as He Deports Immigrants and Bombs the World Economy Can Anyone Find an Economist Who Thinks Trump's Tax Cuts Will Pay for Themselves? News & Politics WATCH: Sally Yates Humiliates Ted Cruz After He Tried to Corner Her on the Muslim Ban News & Politics Time for a Trump Carnage Index Environment Trump Misled Americans by Making False Claims About Paris Climate Agreement Labor Why We Have Such a Love-Hate Relationship With Work FARK HEADLINES News from idealmedia.com Alternet Originals 8 Senators on Comey Firing: Democrats Are Determined to Find What Trump's Hiding, While Not All Republicans Run to Trump's Defense Documents Reveal a Powerful, Secretive Foundation’s Blueprint for Spreading Right-Wing Ideology, State by State Furious Protesters Descend on Paul Ryan Outside Harlem Charter School ◀ Our Mission Who We Are About IMI Foundation Support Press Information Writer Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise on AlterNet Contact Us Donate Subscribe Login
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Flight Navigation System Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity and Forecast 2017 to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Global Flight Navigation System market is expected to grow from $10.76 billion in 2015 to reach $17.98 billion by 2022 with a CAGR of 7.60% PUNE, India - May 10, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Summary According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Flight Navigation System market is expected to grow from $10.76 billion in 2015 to reach $17.98 billion by 2022 with a CAGR of 7.60%. The increasing demand for aircrafts across the world and rise in the air traffic are driving the market growth. The rising demand for exact navigation and advancing technologies are also an extra benefit to generate business opportunities for the key players in this market. Efforts to diminish CO2 discharge and ecological consciousness are some of the important factors influencing this market. The factors that are hampering the market growth are high costs, difficulty of the systems, and their accuracy. GPS compatibility is also an extensive challenge for the market. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/959909-flight-navigation-system-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Sensors segment witnessed the largest share in market during the forecast period due to the demand for the most recent navigation systems and tools which will help in improving the protection of passengers. RoW region is likely to rise at the maximum CAGR for flight navigation system market. The Middle East, in particular, is likely to witness the maximum traffic increase during the forecast period. Major airlines from this region such as Emirates, Qatar, Etihad, and Air Arabia Airways will emerge as the leading contributors of the flight navigation market. Some of the key players in global Flight Navigation System market include Esterline Technologies Corp, Garmin Ltd., Honeywell International Inc., Moog Inc., Northrop Grumman Corp, Raytheon Company, Rockwell Collins, Sagem, The Boeing Company, Universal Avionics Corporation, Navtech, and GE Aviation. Products Covered: o Flight Navigation Systems o Doppler Navigation System o Hyperbolic Navigation System o Flight Management System o VOR/DME o Inertial Navigation System o Instrument Landing System o Automatic Direction Finder o Radar o Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS) o Heads Up Display o Communication Devices o Aircraft Communication Addressing and Reporting System o Automatic Dependent Surveillance o Portable Avoidance Collision System o Aircraft Transponders o Flight Control Systems o Secondary Flight Controls o Primary Flight Controls o Flight Management Systems o Control Display Unit o Flight Management Computers o Visual Display Unit At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/959909-flight-navigation-system-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Aircraft Types Covered: o Fixed Wing o Rotary Wing Flight Instruments Covered: o Altimeter o Gyroscope o Turn Rate Gyro o Attitude Gyro o Directional Gyro o Autopilot o Magnetic Compass o Sensors o Air Speed Indicator o Pilot Tube o Vertical Speed Indicator Regions Covered: o North America o US o Canada o Mexico o Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe o Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific o Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=959909 Continued.... Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune - 411028 Phone: 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/flight-navigation-system-market-global-industry-analysis-and-opportunity-and-forecast-2017-to-2022/197802 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/959909-flight-navigation-system-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 197802 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Craft Brewery Southern Sky Brewing Releases First Pale Ale (Wed 10th May 17) Donna Mizani Offers Chic Feminine Design Collection 100% Made in the USA (Wed 10th May 17) Raj Prem - Releases Plans To Showcase Historic Collection of Beatles Photos in India (Wed 10th May 17) Application Delivery Network (ADN) Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 (Wed 10th May 17) Encryption Software Market 2017: Industry Research, Review, Growth, Segmentation, Key Players Analysis and Forecast to 2022 (Wed 10th May 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Flight Navigation System Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity and Forecast 2017 to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Global Flight Navigation System market is expected to grow from $10.76 billion in 2015 to reach $17.98 billion by 2022 with a CAGR of 7.60% PUNE, India – May 10, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — Summary According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Flight Navigation System market is expected to grow from $10.76 billion in 2015 to reach $17.98 billion by 2022 with a CAGR of 7.60%. The increasing demand for aircrafts across the world and rise in the air traffic are driving the market growth. The rising demand for exact navigation and advancing technologies are also an extra benefit to generate business opportunities for the key players in this market. Efforts to diminish CO2 discharge and ecological consciousness are some of the important factors influencing this market. The factors that are hampering the market growth are high costs, difficulty of the systems, and their accuracy. GPS compatibility is also an extensive challenge for the market. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/959909-flight-navigation-system-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Sensors segment witnessed the largest share in market during the forecast period due to the demand for the most recent navigation systems and tools which will help in improving the protection of passengers. RoW region is likely to rise at the maximum CAGR for flight navigation system market. The Middle East, in particular, is likely to witness the maximum traffic increase during the forecast period. Major airlines from this region such as Emirates, Qatar, Etihad, and Air Arabia Airways will emerge as the leading contributors of the flight navigation market. Some of the key players in global Flight Navigation System market include Esterline Technologies Corp, Garmin Ltd., Honeywell International Inc., Moog Inc., Northrop Grumman Corp, Raytheon Company, Rockwell Collins, Sagem, The Boeing Company, Universal Avionics Corporation, Navtech, and GE Aviation. Products Covered: o Flight Navigation Systems o Doppler Navigation System o Hyperbolic Navigation System o Flight Management System o VOR/DME o Inertial Navigation System o Instrument Landing System o Automatic Direction Finder o Radar o Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS) o Heads Up Display o Communication Devices o Aircraft Communication Addressing and Reporting System o Automatic Dependent Surveillance o Portable Avoidance Collision System o Aircraft Transponders o Flight Control Systems o Secondary Flight Controls o Primary Flight Controls o Flight Management Systems o Control Display Unit o Flight Management Computers o Visual Display Unit At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/959909-flight-navigation-system-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Aircraft Types Covered: o Fixed Wing o Rotary Wing Flight Instruments Covered: o Altimeter o Gyroscope o Turn Rate Gyro o Attitude Gyro o Directional Gyro o Autopilot o Magnetic Compass o Sensors o Air Speed Indicator o Pilot Tube o Vertical Speed Indicator Regions Covered: o North America o US o Canada o Mexico o Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe o Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific o Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=959909 Continued…. Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune – 411028 Phone: 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/flight-navigation-system-market-global-industry-analysis-and-opportunity-and-forecast-2017-to-2022/197802 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/959909-flight-navigation-system-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 197802 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Donna Mizani Offers Chic Feminine Design Collection 100% Made in the USA (Wed 10th May 17) Raj Prem – Releases Plans To Showcase Historic Collection of Beatles Photos in India (Wed 10th May 17) Application Delivery Network (ADN) Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 (Wed 10th May 17) Encryption Software Market 2017: Industry Research, Review, Growth, Segmentation, Key Players Analysis and Forecast to 2022 (Wed 10th May 17) Anthill shopNplay Introduces Play While You Shop Location (Wed 10th May 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Raj Prem – Releases Plans To Showcase Historic Collection of Beatles Photos in India Next PostNext 2017 -2022 Global Gypsum Board Wall Sales Market Trend & Development Study Search Recent Posts LMS for Employee Skills Management: UpsideLMS tells ‘how’ in its latest eBook F-Secure Oyj – Johtohenkilöiden liiketoimet – Matti Heikkonen F-Secure Oyj – Johtohenkilöiden liiketoimet – Risto Siilasmaa F-Secure Corporation – Managers’ Transactions – Bruce Oreck F-Secure Corporation – Managers’ Transactions – Matti Heikkonen RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Telstra 4G used in disaster management drone trial Queensland's local government association is trialling beyond-line-of-sight drone technology for use during natural disasters, using Telstra's 4G network. By Corinne Reichert | May 10, 2017 -- 03:32 GMT (20:32 PDT) | Topic: Mobility The Local Government Association of Queensland (LGAQ) has announced a live trial of drone technology to be used for disaster management, utilising Telstra's 4G network and a combination of three drone operators and four software platforms for the tests. The combination of drone operators and software platforms will allow the drones to fly beyond visual line of sight (BVLOS); however, current legislation still requires drones to be flown within line of site. Latest Australian news Budget 2017: TSS visa levy to finance AU$1.5b 'Skilling Australians Fund' Budget 2017: Crackdown on multinational tax 'black economy' Budget 2017: DTA to establish AU$10.7m cybersecurity office Budget 2017: AU$12m for in-train Wi-Fi and mobile coverage Budget 2017: Government outlines digital transformation Extending the reach of drones will allow their use by local councils and governments during natural disasters, according to the LGAQ, with the association hoping for regulations to be changed if the trials prove to be successful and safe. "We're only just starting to see a fraction of the potential of drone use by councils, particularly when it comes to community and worker safety in disaster management situations," said Clinton Parker, director of business solutions for LGAQ subsidiary Local Government Infrastructure Services. "This trial will give us a greater understanding of operations with the different software, how we can take advantage of Telstra's LTE network and inform how we may be able to work with all parties, including regulators, to make BVLOS a safe option." The trial will take place in the Royal Australian Air Force's Amberley Base airspace, with the second stage of the trial aiming to equip emergency management operations with drones ready for BVLOS during disasters, the LGAQ said. The drones would be used for surveying disaster zones in real time, undertaking terrain and bridge surveys post-disaster, and dropping medical supplies to citizens stuck in a disaster zone, for instance. Referring to previous trials of drone technology, Parker added that "the full potential of drones is not in dropping books or pizzas to households, but in helping protect human life and property during a disaster". The Queensland government had in July announced that it would be investing AU$1 million in drone technology to be used in the search and rescue, environmental management, agriculture, mining, energy, and telecommunications industries with the hopes of creating 500 new jobs and making these areas more efficient. "The project aims to capitalise on the capabilities inherent in drones to carry out remote-monitoring and inspection of key infrastructure and data analysis to allow for better decision making," Queensland Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk said last year. The state government also partnered with Boeing, Telstra, and Shell to further drone research at the time. Queensland MP Scott Stewart in November said he also wanted to extend the use of drones for fighting crime by Queensland Police Force. Drones could be launched from police vehicles within seconds, and at a far lower cost than helicopters. Also exploring the use of drones for natural disasters is the Austrian Red Cross, which said in March it would start launching the devices from Land Rover vehicles in the cases of avalanches, landslides, earthquakes, and floods. The Austrian Red Cross' new system, called Project Hero, will allow first responders to drive the Land Rovers close to the disaster zone and launch a drone via a tablet app to get a live aerial snapshot in order to assess the scene and form an action plan. Drones will be able to land back on a vehicle's roof even while the vehicle is moving by using magnetic retention and self-centering technology, the Austrian Red Cross said. Jaguar Land Rover Special Vehicle Operations (SVO) had designed the roof-mounted drone system as part of a 64-year partnership with the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC). The drone makes use of multiple frequency radio equipment in order to send data back to the vehicles even while there is no mobile coverage, and is equipped with clips to mount rescue equipment. AT&T in February also tested the use of drones to provide additional 4G coverage during natural disasters via flying cells. Each drone should be able to provide 4G coverage to an area of 40 square miles, according to AT&T. Likewise, UK company Windhorse Aerospace has been developing lightweight and edible food drones to bring supplies to hard-to-reach areas in times of disaster. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Apple Apple confirms WWDC opening keynote on June 5 Internet of Things VMware aims to manage Internet of Things infrastructure Reviews Blue Microphones Satellite review: Worthwhile wireless headphones with a few quirks Apple iPhone and iOS problem solvers: My must-have utilities (and many are free) × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Sections Deseret NewsUtah Utah U.S. education secretary says choice needed in 'antiquated' system By Lisa Riley RocheDeseret News@dnewspolitics Published: May 9, 2017 7:05 p.m. Updated: 5 hours ago 5 Comments 1 of 17 View 17 Items Jeffrey D. Allred, Deseret News Kelly Brooks, left, shows U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos her carbon fiber violin during DeVos' tour of the Granite Technical Institute in South Salt Lake on Tuesday, May 9, 2017. Related Links Pence breaks tie as Senate confirms DeVos for Education post Utah educators protest Trump's secretary of education pick SALT LAKE CITY — U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos called for breaking out of the "confines of the federal government's approach for education" during a brief visit to Salt Lake City Tuesday where she was met by protesters. DeVos told an audience of more than 1,000 technology and education leaders gathered for Arizona State University's Global Silicon Valley conference that the backlash against her push for more school choice comes from fear. For those satisfied with the education system, "the threat of something changing about that is very scary," she said. "There is a very large status quo defense that will stop at almost nothing to try to defend a system that is pretty antiquated." Outside the Grand America Hotel where the conference was being held, about 100 protesters carried signs with messages including "Dump DeVos" and chanted, 'Public schools are not for sale, Betsy wants to see us fail." The protest was organized by Utah Indivisible, a group that describes itself as part of the resistance movement to President Donald Trump, and focused on DeVos' support for school choice through vouchers. "Ninety percent of our kids attend public schools yet Secretary DeVos would do all that she can to actually privatize our schools with the voucher system," said Brad Asay, president of the American Federation of Teachers of Utah. Asay said Utahns "support public schools, not privatization, not vouchers, not austerity measures." In 2007, a Utah law that would have provided scholarships for children to attend private schools was rejected in a voter referendum. DeVos did not bring up school vouchers during her visit but responded to a reporter question on the issue by saying it should be up to states whether to adopt vouchers and other school choice initiatives she has championed. "If the state of Utah decided they didn't want to participate in something, they certainly would have that right. I would certainly hope to encourage leadership to consider otherwise," the secretary said. But she said "the momentum around this has continued to build across the country," the notion that "everybody should have the opportunity to make multiple choices or decisions, and not just those that have the economic means to do so." Calling it "an issue for Utah to grapple with," DeVos said in a KSL-TV interview "the case can be made that every student, no matter the family's income, should be able to find an educational environment that works for that child." Trump has proposed spending $1.4 billion on school choice in his budget, including vouchers for private schools, charter schools and flexibility for local districts to spend federal dollars, even as he seeks a $9 billion cut in department funding. DeVos said she wants "states to become more creative in their thinking about how to address their students' needs. Washington doesn't have all the answers. In fact, it usually doesn't have the best answer. So my job is to get out of the way." In her speech, she said the U.S. education system is "unjust and fails to serve students," a situation she labeled unacceptable compared to the advances made in other sectors, such as streaming video, cellphones and ride-hailing services. The education system, DeVos said, should focus on students, not buildings, and if "a child is learning, it shouldn't matter where." The system should also respect what she called a parents' "fundamental right to choose" what's best for their children. Just as when a cellphone network doesn't provide needed coverage, DeVos said a student shouldn't "be locked into a school that fails them" and called on the audience of innovators to think big and act boldly on their behalf A ripple of laughter swept through the audience when DeVos said she came into the job without "a whole lot of preconceived notions." The billionaire philanthropist from Michigan is seen as a leader of the school choice movement. Earlier Tuesday, DeVos toured several Granite Technical Institute classrooms and participated in a roundtable discussion about the aerospace pathways program started in 2015 that readies students for industry jobs. DeVos praised the program, a partnership between the Granite School District and Salt Lake Community College and employers such as Boeing, where students earn a postsecondary certificate in aerospace manufacturing. "All of you coming together with a 'Let's get it done' attitude has clearly reaped benefits and rewards for particularly these students that have the opportunity," she said, calling it an example of an innovate way to help students find their future. 5 comments on this story During a visit to an advanced composites manufacturing class, DeVos looked over a carbon fiber frisbee being put together from layers of carbon fiber and fiberglass by a team of students seeking a lighter and stronger flying disc. Ben Banegas, a sophomore at Hunter High School in West Valley City, said he appreciated the federal official's interest in their project, set to be followed by carbon fiber bongos and hopefully next year, a snowboard. "That is pretty cool," Banegas said. "She asked how we like the program. We like it a lot because of all the hands-on things we get to do." Contributing: Ryan Morgan Related Links Pence breaks tie as Senate confirms DeVos for Education post Utah educators protest Trump's secretary of education pick Like that? Read this. Sponsored by Homie Utah's tiny home movement lives large Utah 8 hours ago Utah restaurants, bars post notices to comply with new law Utah 15 hours ago Zinke rides with cattle ranchers working on Bears Ears The PopuList 1 Utah House speaker says he will not run for Chaffetz's seat 2 U.S. bobsledder and Park City native Steven Holcomb, 37, found dead 3 What are fidget spinners? And why are they annoying teachers? 4 Woman who dropped off boyfriend to rob, murder Mt. Pleasant couple sent to prison 5 Here's what every state Googles for Cinco de Mayo View all for Utah most Commented 32 Zinke met by protest as he arrives to consider Utah voices on national monuments 30 Hatch, Lee to play key roles in overhauling health care law 22 Rallies over Bears Ears act as prelude to Zinke's visit 19 Huntsman promises full accounting of cancer center 18 Much at stake as Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke visits Bears Ears 18 Zinke: No question Bears Ears should be preserved, but how? 17 New task force to address Utah's 'opi-demic' 16 Lawsuit claims retaliation against U. employees who exposed wasteful spending Wednesday, May, 10, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Budget 2017 At A Glance [Infographic] Ask LH: What Happens If A Buyer Claims I Sold A Defective Product? The Money Advice I Wish I'd Learned Sooner   Budget 2017: The Government Is Still Tinkering With Housing Affordability Home Two Easy Ways To Make Hollandaise For Your Mother's Day Brunch Want To Hit Your Target? Go Slow And Steady  Fry Chicken To Perfection Using This Fast Food Colour Guide 'Drunken' Pasta Makes For Quick, Delicious Weeknight Meals Entertainment Watch: Every Music Video From The 2017 Eurovision Song Contest How To Watch The 2017 Eurovision Song Contest In Australia Online And Free How To Turn Your Smartphone Into An (Almost) Nintendo Switch Five Nintendo Switch Games To Play After You're Finished With Zelda Travel How To Choose Between A Backpack And A Suitcase For Travel Waze Now Lets You Record Navigation Instructions In Your Own Voice Find The Best US Cities For Craft Beer And Microbrews With This Tool Six Tips For Surviving A Mountain Lion Encounter Health How Do You Handle Mother's Day If Mother's Day Sucks For You? The Single Best Type of Exercise For Your Brain, According To Scientists Ask LH: How Can I Turn Down Free Food? Is It Legal To Post 'Revenge Porn' In Australia? Design Aldi Is Selling A $499 3D Printer This Weekend Build Your Own Adobe Creative Suite With Free And Cheap Software How To Opt Into YouTube's New Look, Including The New Dark Mode Feeling Brave? Make Your Own Transparent Samsung Galaxy S8 Work Productivity Talking To Yourself Makes You Smarter, Not Crazy Power Through Your Work With A 'Forcing Function' What All Of Your Computer's Specs Really Mean Star Wars, An Unlikely Source Of Inspirational Quotes Communicate Dealhacker: The Best Value Mobile Broadband Plans In Australia Telstra EasyCall 4 Review: A Dumb Phone With Clever Features How To Get Your Friends To Go Along With A Bad Idea The NBN Explained In 90 Seconds Organise 5 Start Ups That Fight Homelessness With Innovation Why We Continue To Use Crappy Old Apps Like Flickr YouTube Roundup: The Best Online Videos Of The Week Briefly: Queen Death Chaos, Bus Of The Wild, Star Wars Meets The Beatles Career Ask LH: How Can I Make My Workspace More Inspiring? Six Essential Life Lessons From The Making Of Star Wars Find Your Leadership Style With This Flowchart [Infographic] What You Need To Qualify For The US Green Card Lottery Business Travel Nvidia Wants To Make All Cars Autonomous Zones Provides Easy Time Zone Conversion On The IPhone Here's The Pricing For Qantas' Direct Flights To London Ask LH: Which Visa Does My UK Girlfriend Need To Work In Australia? Security Get Ready For Persirai: Like Mirai But Worse Popular Mac App Developers Issue Urgent Malware Warning Secure Messaging App Showdown: WhatsApp Vs. Signal How To Distinguish Free Apps From Dangerous Ones Small Business & Startups How To Make Business Decisions Like Sir Richard Branson Small Business Wins In Budget 2017 With $20,000 Instant Asset Write-Offs Should You Use Memes In Your Social Media Marketing? Can Technology Replace Missing Roles In Small Businesses? IT Pro Cloud Amazon Announces EC2 Price Cuts How To Access Your Files On Your Mobile Device IoT, Cloud, SaaS -Microsoft Wins Today's Round Of Buzzword Bingo The ATO Website Is Down IT Career Would You Trade Money To Work From Home? What Does It Take To Be A Great Dev Team Member? IBM Australia Cuts 1000 Jobs, Reports 68% Drop In Profits Google Classroom Opens School Doors To Everyone IT Security Deals: Master Cybersecurity Concepts With These Beginner-Friendly Courses The IoT Revolution Is Coming But Are You Ready? Popular Mac App Developers Issue Urgent Malware Warning Microsoft Adds Sandboxed Browsing To Edge Developer Nvidia Just Released A Bunch Of Cheap And Free AI Training Courses Deals: The Ultimate Learn To Code 2017 Bundle Deals: Build An Android Dev Career With This Training Bundle Smash Through Programming Walls With The Help Of A Fictional Detective Deployment Inside Nvidia's Futuristic HQ: A Workplace Built For Collaboration Five Ways The Federal Budget Impacts Tech Would You Run On Unsupported Software? Apple Makes Changes To Affiliate Commission Program Servers Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Buy Your Personal Domain Name... Before A Troll Does The Best Add-Ons For Protecting Your Gmail Account Intel Says Their New SSD Is The World’s Most Responsive Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers Budget 2017 At A Glance [Infographic] Inside Nvidia's Futuristic HQ: A Workplace Built For Collaboration Deals: Master Cybersecurity Concepts With These Beginner-Friendly Courses The Single Best Type of Exercise For Your Brain, According To Scientists How To Make Business Decisions Like Sir Richard Branson Hayley Williams May 10, 2017, 8:30am ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories building your business business owner decision-making richard branson video feature virgin Share Image: Aaron Davidson/Getty Images Someone with more than 400 companies under their belt, billions of dollars and a knighthood is bound to have made some good decisions in their time. Luckily for the rest of us, entrepreneur Richard Branson has shared his tips for making business decisions, to help out anyone who's trying to get where he's at now. The post on the Virgin blog goes through five steps Branson uses in his decision-making, which are: Don’t judge a book by its cover Do your homework Avoid making decisions in isolation Do everything you can to protect the downside Give it time Most are pretty straightforward, but how they relate to a business context is pretty interesting — especially for people who are looking at launching new ventures. On 'protecting the downside', for example, Branson elaborates with an anecdote from the early days of Virgin Atlantic: "When we started Virgin Atlantic, the only way I got my business partners in Virgin Records to begrudgingly accept the risks involved was by getting Boeing to agree to take back our one 747 after a year if things weren’t working out as we hoped." Most of the process stresses taking it slowly and carefully, however — not rushing into a new venture just because it sounds amazing, or not considering the impact it might have on other projects. For more of Branson's wise words, check out the post over on the Virgin blog. Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Five Things Apple Could Do WIth Their $250B Bank Balance Anthony Caruana 08 May 2017 12:30 PM Last week, during Apple's quarterly earnings call, the company announced they were holding more than US$250B in cash. That's a lot of loose change behind the couch cushions at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino. What should they do with that cash? While money in the bank might warm the cockles of Apple's shareholders' hearts, the best use for cash is doing something useful with it. Here are five things I think Apple should do with their cash (aside from cover my mortgage!). Aldi Is Selling A $499 3D Printer This Weekend Rae Johnston 10 May 2017 2:00 PM On sale from Saturday 13 May, Aldi has Cocoon's Create 3D printer available for $499. Last time they had one of these sweet babies, there were literally people lining up to buy before the doors opened. Here's all the details. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Master Cybersecurity Concepts With These Beginner-Friendly Courses Deals: Australia's Biggest Home Loan Sale Ends Tonight Deals: The Ultimate Learn To Code 2017 Bundle Deals: How Refinancing Could Save Up To $39,000 On Your Home Loan Trending Articles 1 Five Things Apple Could Do WIth Their $250B Bank Balance 2 Aldi Is Selling A $499 3D Printer This Weekend 3 The Single Best Type of Exercise For Your Brain, According To Scientists So About That Hyped New Study On Cheese Being Great Why FaceApp's Selfie Filters Work So Well And Why They Don't Scientists Just Found The Oldest Evidence Of Life On Land In Western Australia Nvidia Wants To Make All Cars Autonomous Video Game About Pot Farming Is Fun Even If You Aren't Stoned Four Pro Gaming Teams Drop Overwatch In One Week An Australian Spirited Away Superfan Remixed The Soundtrack With Magical Results The Best Value Mobile Broadband Plans In Australia Watch: Every Music Video From The 2017 Eurovision Song Contest Nvidia Wants To Make All Cars Autonomous Budget 2017 At A Glance [Infographic] Aldi Is Selling A $499 3D Printer This Weekend One of the UK's biggest business groups thinks something should be done about executive pay 13 measures in the 2017 budget that might surprise you 10 things in tech you need to know today Big banks had a roller coaster session today in the fallout from the budget's bank levy © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Southwest Airlines Completes Transition To Amadeus Altéa DALLAS and MADRID, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) and Amadeus IT Group today jointly announced the carrier’s transition to the Amadeus Altéa Passenger Service System (PSS). At 101 airports across nine countries, all Southwest® domestic and international flights operating today and beyond will be managed through Altéa functionality, giving the carrier more flexibility to improve the Customer Experience and enhance revenue performance. During the course of three years, a team of more than 1,500 people from both Southwest and Amadeus collaborated to bring together multiple reservation system capabilities onto one common platform under the Altéa Suite of products. The new reservation system brings an array of features designed to allow Southwest to: optimize its flight schedule, including improved connection times; more easily manage inventory between any given origin and destination; govern the value of potential ancillary services; and  automate rebookings during flight disruptions, such as those caused by extreme weather and other operational challenges. The Company expects the new reservation system to generate approximately $500 million in incremental annual earnings before interest and taxes by 2020 through added functionality and operational capabilities. Southwest Airlines’ Bold Look; Same #SouthwestHeart (PRNewsFoto/Southwest Airlines) „Transitioning to a single reservation system is a transformational milestone for Southwest, and in fact, it’s the single largest technology initiative in our Company’s history. I want to congratulate and thank thousands of our Employees and our partners who have worked tirelessly and diligently for several years to bring this home,” said Gary Kelly, Southwest Airlines Chairman & CEO. „Our deepening partnership with Amadeus makes way for a bright future through new tools that empower our People to do what they do best, which is to provide world famous Hospitality.” As part of the ongoing partnership, the carrier began operating international flights through Amadeus Altéa PSS beginning in July 2014. On Dec. 6, 2016, Southwest continued to streamline operations into more of the Altéa Suite by channeling bookings beyond May 8, 2017, through a single reservation system. „This is an exciting time at Southwest, and our work with Amadeus IT Group provides a foundation that propels us into the future,” said Randy Sloan, Southwest Airlines Senior Vice President and CIO. „Southwest is the largest carrier of passengers within the United States1, and we are delighted they entrusted Amadeus with developing the new cornerstone of its business,” said Luis Maroto, President and CEO, Amadeus. „We pride ourselves in developing innovative and customized technologies to help our airline partners adapt and evolve their products to reflect the needs of travelers, and we are proud to be collaborating with this leading U.S. airline.” „We are thrilled to be continuing our relationship with Southwest, and we consider our partnership a testament to the quality of our technology and our people. Our Team is dedicated to helping airlines become next generation retailers,” said Julia Sattel, Senior Vice President Airlines and Executive Committee Member Amadeus IT Group. Teams for both companies continue to work behind the scenes and on the ground in several of the carrier’s locations to support this transformational change. 1 Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation’s most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation’s largest carrier as measured by the number of originating domestic passengers boarded. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Specific forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements related to (i) the Company’s financial outlook and projected results of operations; and (ii) the Company’s plans and expectations with respect to its new reservation system, and the Company’s related multi-faceted financial and operational expectations and opportunities. These forward- looking statements are based on the Company’s current intent, expectations, and projections and are not guarantees of future performance. These statements involve risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors that are difficult to predict and that could cause actual results to vary materially from those expressed in or indicated by them. Factors include, among others, (i) changes in demand for the Company’s services and other changes in consumer behavior; (ii) the impact of economic conditions, fuel prices, actions of competitors (including without limitation pricing, scheduling, capacity and network decisions, and consolidation and alliance activities), governmental actions, and other factors beyond the Company’s control, on the Company’s business decisions, plans, and strategies; (iii) the Company’s dependence on third parties, in particular with respect to its technology plans and expectations; (iv) the Company’s ability to timely and effectively implement, transition, and maintain the necessary information technology systems and infrastructure to support its operations and initiatives; (v) the impact of labor matters on the Company’s business decisions, plans, strategies, and costs; and (vi) other factors, as described in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the detailed factors discussed under the heading „Risk Factors” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. About Southwest Airlines Co. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based  Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 54,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest proudly operates a network of 101 destinations in the United States and eight additional countries with more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season. Service to both Grand Cayman and Cincinnati begins June 4, 2017; and service to Turks and Caicos is expected to begin Nov. 5, 2017, subject to requisite government approvals. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation’s most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation’s largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency®, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what’s important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as „The Southwest Effect,” a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 44 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier’s performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2015 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines’ low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA. About Amadeus Amadeus is a leading provider of advanced technology solutions for the global travel industry. Customer groups include travel providers (e.g. airlines, hotels, rail and ferry operators, etc.), travel sellers (travel agencies and websites), and travel buyers (corporations and travel management companies). The Amadeus group employs around 15,200 people worldwide, across central sites in Madrid (corporate headquarters), Nice (development) and Erding (operations), as well as over 70 local Amadeus Commercial Organisations globally and has a presence in more than 190 countries. The group operates a transaction-based business model.  Amadeus is listed on the Spanish Stock Exchange under the symbol „AMS.MC” and is a component of the IBEX 35 index. To find out more about Amadeus please visit www.amadeus.com, and www.amadeus.com/blog for more on the travel industry. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/southwest-airlines-completes-transition-to-amadeus-altea-300454654.html SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co. Related Links http://www.southwest.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsLicensing Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Summit Hotel Properties Announces Public Offering Of Common Stock Next PostNext SNAPSQUAD launches Photography and Videography Online Marketplace Search Recent Posts HNTB Releases White Paper Discussing Implementation of Accelerated Bridge Construction Greenberg Traurig’s Ian C. Ballon to Speak at ABA’s Second Internet of Things (IoT) National Institute Pure Extends Ex-Dividend Date To Support Shareholder Participation in Preferred Stock Dividend Ziegler Closes $54.045 Million Channing House Financing Riluzole Market Analysis by Manufacturers, Type and Application to 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Southwest Airlines Completes Transition To Amadeus Altéa New IT platform now gives carrier more flexibility to improve the Customer Experience and enhance revenue performance News provided by Southwest Airlines Co. 09 May, 2017, 16:04 ET Share this article DALLAS and MADRID, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) and Amadeus IT Group today jointly announced the carrier's transition to the Amadeus Altéa Passenger Service System (PSS). At 101 airports across nine countries, all Southwest® domestic and international flights operating today and beyond will be managed through Altéa functionality, giving the carrier more flexibility to improve the Customer Experience and enhance revenue performance. During the course of three years, a team of more than 1,500 people from both Southwest and Amadeus collaborated to bring together multiple reservation system capabilities onto one common platform under the Altéa Suite of products. The new reservation system brings an array of features designed to allow Southwest to: optimize its flight schedule, including improved connection times; more easily manage inventory between any given origin and destination; govern the value of potential ancillary services; and  automate rebookings during flight disruptions, such as those caused by extreme weather and other operational challenges. The Company expects the new reservation system to generate approximately $500 million in incremental annual earnings before interest and taxes by 2020 through added functionality and operational capabilities. Southwest Airlines' Bold Look; Same #SouthwestHeart (PRNewsFoto/Southwest Airlines) "Transitioning to a single reservation system is a transformational milestone for Southwest, and in fact, it's the single largest technology initiative in our Company's history. I want to congratulate and thank thousands of our Employees and our partners who have worked tirelessly and diligently for several years to bring this home," said Gary Kelly, Southwest Airlines Chairman & CEO. "Our deepening partnership with Amadeus makes way for a bright future through new tools that empower our People to do what they do best, which is to provide world famous Hospitality." As part of the ongoing partnership, the carrier began operating international flights through Amadeus Altéa PSS beginning in July 2014. On Dec. 6, 2016, Southwest continued to streamline operations into more of the Altéa Suite by channeling bookings beyond May 8, 2017, through a single reservation system. "This is an exciting time at Southwest, and our work with Amadeus IT Group provides a foundation that propels us into the future," said Randy Sloan, Southwest Airlines Senior Vice President and CIO. "Southwest is the largest carrier of passengers within the United States1, and we are delighted they entrusted Amadeus with developing the new cornerstone of its business," said Luis Maroto, President and CEO, Amadeus. "We pride ourselves in developing innovative and customized technologies to help our airline partners adapt and evolve their products to reflect the needs of travelers, and we are proud to be collaborating with this leading U.S. airline." "We are thrilled to be continuing our relationship with Southwest, and we consider our partnership a testament to the quality of our technology and our people. Our Team is dedicated to helping airlines become next generation retailers," said Julia Sattel, Senior Vice President Airlines and Executive Committee Member Amadeus IT Group. Teams for both companies continue to work behind the scenes and on the ground in several of the carrier's locations to support this transformational change. 1 Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation's most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation's largest carrier as measured by the number of originating domestic passengers boarded. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Specific forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements related to (i) the Company's financial outlook and projected results of operations; and (ii) the Company's plans and expectations with respect to its new reservation system, and the Company's related multi-faceted financial and operational expectations and opportunities. These forward- looking statements are based on the Company's current intent, expectations, and projections and are not guarantees of future performance. These statements involve risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors that are difficult to predict and that could cause actual results to vary materially from those expressed in or indicated by them. Factors include, among others, (i) changes in demand for the Company's services and other changes in consumer behavior; (ii) the impact of economic conditions, fuel prices, actions of competitors (including without limitation pricing, scheduling, capacity and network decisions, and consolidation and alliance activities), governmental actions, and other factors beyond the Company's control, on the Company's business decisions, plans, and strategies; (iii) the Company's dependence on third parties, in particular with respect to its technology plans and expectations; (iv) the Company's ability to timely and effectively implement, transition, and maintain the necessary information technology systems and infrastructure to support its operations and initiatives; (v) the impact of labor matters on the Company's business decisions, plans, strategies, and costs; and (vi) other factors, as described in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the detailed factors discussed under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. About Southwest Airlines Co. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based  Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 54,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest proudly operates a network of 101 destinations in the United States and eight additional countries with more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season. Service to both Grand Cayman and Cincinnati begins June 4, 2017; and service to Turks and Caicos is expected to begin Nov. 5, 2017, subject to requisite government approvals. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation's most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation's largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency®, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what's important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as "The Southwest Effect," a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 44 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier's performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2015 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines' low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA. About Amadeus Amadeus is a leading provider of advanced technology solutions for the global travel industry. Customer groups include travel providers (e.g. airlines, hotels, rail and ferry operators, etc.), travel sellers (travel agencies and websites), and travel buyers (corporations and travel management companies). The Amadeus group employs around 15,200 people worldwide, across central sites in Madrid (corporate headquarters), Nice (development) and Erding (operations), as well as over 70 local Amadeus Commercial Organisations globally and has a presence in more than 190 countries. The group operates a transaction-based business model.  Amadeus is listed on the Spanish Stock Exchange under the symbol "AMS.MC" and is a component of the IBEX 35 index. To find out more about Amadeus please visit www.amadeus.com, and www.amadeus.com/blog for more on the travel industry.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/southwest-airlines-completes-transition-to-amadeus-altea-300454654.html SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co. Related Links http://www.southwest.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Southwest Airlines Completes Transition To Amadeus Altéa News provided by Southwest Airlines Co. 09 May, 2017, 16:04 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz America's First Fighter Squadron Celebrates 100 Years of Dominating the Skies Dave Majumdar May 9, 2017 TweetShareShare Yesterday, on May 8, the U.S. Air Force’s Twenty-Seventh Fighter Squadron—the Fighting Eagles—celebrated its hundredth anniversary. Part of the First Fighter Wing at Langley Air Force Base in Virginia, the squadron and its Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptors are currently deployed to Al Dhafra Air Base in the United Arab Emirates while they participate in the campaign to destroy the so-called Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. But the war against ISIS is just the latest campaign the Twenty-Seventh Fighter Squadron has fought in; the unit’s storied history begins during the First World War. “For 100 years, the 1st FW has been at the forefront of aerial combat,” Col. Peter Fesler, commander of the First Fighter Wing, said. “To have the 27th FS deployed on their centennial, participating in combat against our enemies, is one of the greatest ways to honor its heritage and tradition of combat excellence.” Since its inception at during World War I as part of the First Pursuit Group—where its mission was to help to gain air superiority over the trenches of Northern France and Belgium in the fight against Imperial Germany—the unit has produced fifty-six aerial victories and five aces. Indeed, Lt. Frank Luke, who was America’s second highest-scoring ace during World War I, flew with the Twenty-Seventh Aero Squadron. During his short time in service, Luke was the first airman to be awarded the Medal of Honor and was credited with eighteen kills before he was killed in action on September 29, 1918. Since that time, the First Fighter Wing and the Twenty-Seventh Fighter Squadron have been at the forefront of American airpower during both World Wars. During World War II, the First Fighter Wing was the first U.S. unit to fly the Lockheed P-38 Lightning and deploy en masse over the North Atlantic. It was also the first wing to operate as a jet fighter unit. More recently, the First Fighter Wing and Twenty-Seventh Fighter Squadron were the first to fly the Boeing (then McDonnell Douglas) F-15 Eagle operationally. Most recently, the Twenty-Seventh Fighter Squadron was the first U.S. Air Force unit to be declared operational flying the F-22 Raptor on December 15, 2005—pioneering the air combat in the era of fifth-generation fighters. Today, one hundred years after its foundation, the Twenty-Seventh Fighter Squadron and the First Fighter Wing continue their tradition of being at the forefront of American airpower. “The 1st Fighter Wing has been at the forefront of air-to-air combat and Air Superiority for a century now, and we will continue to fulfill this mission in the future,” Fesler said. Dave Majumdar is the defense editor for The National Interest. You can follow him on Twitter: @davemajumdar. Image: U.S. Air Force Photo   TweetShareShare View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Dave Majumdar Will the South China Sea Become the New Crimea? Xi Jinping has successfully avoided maritime overreach—but that might be about to change. Nicholas Lyall Tillerson Defines 'America First' Secretary Tillerson’s recent address to State Department employees was honest and direct. It establishes the basis for a policy that can both protect and advance U.S. national interests as well as assert American values. Paul J. Saunders The Anti-Russia Inquisition Intensifies Resurgent anti-Russia hysteria has broader, ominous implications for U.S. foreign policy and the health of political discourse in the United States.  Ted Galen Carpenter Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Skip to main content Welcome to the United Nations. It’s your world. United Nations Meetings Coverage and Press Releases Toggle navigation Home Secretary-General Latest from Secretary-General Press Releases Press Conferences Statements and Messages Travel Appointments Miscellaneous Deputy Secretary-General General Assembly Latest from General Assembly Meetings Coverage Press Releases Press Conferences Plenary First Committee Second Committee Third Committee Fourth Committee Fifth Committee Sixth Committee Peacebuilding Commission Security Council Latest from Security Council Meetings Coverage Press Releases Press Conferences Economic and Social Council Latest from Economic and Social Council Meetings Coverage Press Releases Press Conferences Home Activities of Secretary-General in South Carolina, United States, 6 May Activities of Secretary-General in South Carolina, United States, 6 May Press Release SG/T/3165 9 May 2017 Secretary-General Travel Activities of Secretary-General in South Carolina, United States, 6 May On Saturday, 6 May, United Nations Secretary-General António Guterres travelled to the University of South Carolina to deliver a commencement address. He called for strong leadership and engagement by the United States in an effective multilateral system in order to face the many challenges the world faces today.  Engagement, leadership and commitment that can help create the conditions for the prevention of conflicts, the mediation of conflicts, for sustaining peace and for helping countries regain the capacity to develop themselves and to bring prosperity for their citizens and strength to their institutions, Mr. Guterres added. The Secretary-General thanked the United States for its generosity and commitment to development cooperation and humanitarian action, which meant millions of lives being rescued, that meant millions of children going to school, that meant millions of jobs being created in the world. He told the students that he counted on them to be able to express the values that this society can always be proud of:  the values related to human rights, to democracy, to freedom, but also to solidarity and generosity. While in South Carolina, the Secretary-General was also hosted to lunch by Governor Henry McMaster of South Carolina.  Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC) was also present. Before returning to New York, Mr. Guterres visited the Boeing Charleston Assembly Plant.  This visit was part of the Secretary-General’s efforts to step up engagement with the private sector.  Mr. Guterres was greeted by Boeing executives, including Joan Robinson-Berry, Vice-President and General Manager, and David Carbon, Vice-President.  Their tour included aircraft body operations, final assembly operations, and a view of the interior of a Boeing 787. Mr. Guterres returned to New York on Saturday evening. United States For information media. Not an official record. Search Search for documents and statements Search Advanced Search Daily Noon Briefing 9 May 2017 The United Nations refugee agency reports that some 245 people are feared dead or missing following two weekend shipwrecks in the Central Mediterranean, which brings the total number of people believed to have died or disappeared while trying to cross from North Africa to Italy in 2017 to more than 1,300. Latest Noon Briefings Highlights 61st Session of the Commission on the Status of Women New York, 13-24 Mar 2017 Round-up of the Security Council's activities New York, Jan-Dec 2016 Main part of the 71st session of the General Assembly New York, Sep-Dec 2016 Resources Journal Conferences & Events Media Alert Meetings Coverage & Press Releases United Nations © 2014, New York, NY 10017 About us News & Media Resources News Centre Webcast Photo Multimedia Radio Media Accreditation Television UNIFEED Spokesperson for the Secretary-General Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS YouTube Copyright Terms of Use Privacy Notice Site Index Fraud Alert Help
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN By Mike Wall Space.com May 9, 2017, 12:40 PM Watch the X-37B space plane land after historic mission Technicians in protective gear work on the U.S. Air Force's X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle after its successful landing at NASA's Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility in Cape Canaveral, Florida on May 7, 2017.  U.S. Air Force Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Two generations of reusable space planes came face to face — or nose to tail, rather — over the weekend. On Sunday, the U.S. Air Force's robotic X-37B space plane landed at NASA's Kennedy Space Center (KSC) in Florida, wrapping up a mission that lasted an unprecedented 718 days. As the X-37B zoomed down the tarmac at KSC's Shuttle Landing Facility (SLF), it cruised past what appeared to be a NASA space shuttle. The juxtaposition was jarring for several reasons. First, the pairing shows just how small the X-37B is; it looks a toy next to the giant shuttle. (Indeed, two X-37B vehicles could fit inside the space shuttle's payload bay.) [The X-37B's Fourth Mystery Mission in Photos] And why is a space shuttle parked outside at the SLF? NASA's shuttle program ended in July 2011, and all three surviving space-flown orbiters are on display in museums around the country. Endeavour is on display at the California Science Center in Los Angeles, Discovery is at the National Air and Space Museum in the Washington, D.C., area and Atlantis is at the KSC Visitor Complex (located inside in a dazzling museum display). The shuttle out on the SLF, it turns out, is a full-size, wood-and-plastic model called Inspiration. It was originally built in 1972 by Rockwell International (then known as North American Rockwell), to support the company's ultimately successful bid to build the real orbiters for NASA. For more than 20 years, Inspiration had been parked outside the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame in Titusville, Florida, just west of KSC. But in January 2016, the mockup's new owners, LVX System, moved it to a nearby work yard. Then, in April of that year, Inspiration was rolled out to the SLF, where workers continue to refurbish the vehicle. Eventually, Inspiration will travel by barge along America's waterways, allowing people around the country to see a full-size space shuttle (or a model of one, at least), LVX System representatives have said. The Air Force is known to possess two X-37B vehicles, each of which was built by Boeing. The 29-foot-long space planes launch vertically and land horizontally, just like the space shuttle used to do. The U.S. Air Force's X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle 4 is seen after at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility in Florida May 7, 2017.  U.S. Air Force These two X-37Bs have flown a total of four Earth-orbiting missions, each of which has been longer than its predecessors. The first flight, known as OTV-1 (short for Orbital Test Vehicle-1), launched in April 2010 and lasted 224 days. OTV-2 began in March 2011 and stayed aloft for 468 days; OTV-3 lifted off in December 2012 and touched down 674 days later. OTV-4, the just-ended mission, launched on May 20, 2015. All four OTV flights launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, which is next door to KSC. The first three landed at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California; OTV-4 was the first to come down at the SLF, which, before Sunday, hadn't seen a touchdown since the July 2011 landing of the space shuttle Atlantis. It's not clear what the X-37B is doing while it circles Earth; most of the vehicle's payloads and activities are classified. But Air Force officials have said that the X-37B program's main goals involve testing technologies for future spacecraft and reusable spaceflight systems, and taking experiments to space and returning them to Earth. 9 Photos NASA releases new images of Earth at night For the first time since 2012, NASA has released a global map of Earth at night and the results are stunning Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com. Editor's recommendations Air Force Space Plane Lands After 718 Days | Video Space Planes: Evolution of the Winged Spaceship (Infographic) NASA's Space Shuttles: Where Are They Now? NASA's Space Shuttle Program in Pictures: A Tribute Space.com. All rights reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Theo and Joe 4342 Views Deported 1494 Views The Nuremberg Prosecutor 1131 Views When Ben Ferencz met Marlene Dietrich 742 Views A family in crisis rethinks the president they chose 274 Views Play Video Deported Play Video The Nuremberg Prosecutor Play Video Theo and Joe Play Video Trump fires Comey Play Video Comey's record Play Video Why was Comey fired? Play Video Nuke site emergency Play Video Troops in Afghanistan Play Video Cancellations fuel brawl Previous Next 41 Photos 2017 MTV Movie & TV Awards highlights 46 Photos 2017 MTV Movie & TV Awards red carpet 18 Photos The art of Marc Chagall 42 Photos 2017 Kentucky Derby 42 Photos Diane Lane Previous Next Most Discussed Trump fires FBI Director James Comey Yates: I warned W.H. that Flynn could be blackmailed GOP rep: "Nobody dies" from not having health care GOP narrowly passes Obamacare replacement bill Emmanuel Macron becomes France's youngest president New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
National PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home Financial Post News Comment Personal Finance Investing Tech Sports Arts Life Health Homes Driving Classifieds Jobs Subscribe News World Israel & The Middle East World TRENDINGLotto Max | Real estate | Donald Trump | Harjit Sajjan | The New War on Cancer U.S. military’s unmanned X-37B space plane ends secret two-year mission orbiting Earth The Telegraph | May 9, 2017 10:46 AM ET More from The Telegraph Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon A pioneering spacecraft belonging to the United States military has landed in Florida after completing a secret two-year mission circling the Earth. The experimental X-37B space plane produced a sonic boom that surprised residents along the Florida coastline as it prepared to touch down at the Shuttle Landing Facility at NASA’s Kennedy Space Centre. At 718 days, the mission broke records for being the lengthiest conducted by the Air Force. The X-37B is one of two unmanned planes conducting such orbits. The secrecy around the project has prompted much speculation, with some observers suggesting that the craft is some sort of space weapon. But the Air Force has always denied this notion, insisting that it is testing technologies for future spacecraft travel. The orbiters “perform risk reduction, experimentation and concept-of-operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies,” the Air Force has said. The Secure World Foundation, a nonprofit group promoting the peaceful exploration of space, said the secrecy surrounding the X-37B suggests the presence of intelligence-related hardware being tested or evaluated aboard the craft. The Air Force has refused to reveal the cost of the program. The office of the secretary of the Air Force heralded the landing of the X-37B plane on Sunday as proof of a major advancement in the project. “The landing of OTV-4 marks another success for the X-37B program and the nation,” saidRon Fehlen, a lieutenant colonel and X-37B program manager. “This mission once again set an on-orbit endurance record and marks the vehicle’s first landing in the state of Florida. “We are incredibly pleased with the performance of the space vehicle and are excited about the data gathered to support the scientific and space communities.” The vehicles resemble a miniature version of NASA’s now retired space shuttles. The original Space Shuttle system had carried up to eight astronauts into low Earth Orbit. The shuttle would re-enter the Earth’s atmosphere upon completing its mission and land like a glider. It was not without its dangers: in the course of 135 missions flown, two orbiters were destroyed, killing 14 astronauts. These new aircraft are 29 feet long (9 metres) and have a wingspan of 15 feet (4.5 m), making them about one quarter of the size of the original shuttles. Like the space shuttle, the X-37B lands on a runway, plane-style, but does so autonomously. A fact sheet for the vehicle states that the space plane is designed to spend up to 270 days in orbit at a time. But so far several of the missions have much exceeded that limit. Related One year after its launch, the purpose of a secret U.S. space plane remains a mystery The U.S. government won’t buy this $19-million stealth boat from its designer — or let anyone else buy it Top-secret X -37B space drone lands at California air base after spending two years orbiting Earth Also known as the Orbital Test Vehicle, or OTV, it first flew in April 2010 and stayed aloft for 225 days. A second mission launched in March 2011 and lasted 15 months, while a third flight took off in December 2012 and returned after 22 months. The Boeing-built space plane blasted off for this mission in May 2015 from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station aboard an Atlas 5 rocket built by United Launch Alliance, a partnership between Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Company. Experts have suggested that engineers testing technologies for future satellites want to see how well these materials survive in space environment for long periods of time. The Air Force intends to launch the fifth X-37B mission from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, located just south of the Kennedy Space Center, later this year. Find National Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: News, World, NASA, space, X-37B World Videos Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Post to Cancel
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Wednesday 10 May 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Airborne Wireless Network gets FCC OK to test demonstration system By Gulli Arnason in Media and Technology · May 9, 2017 Airborne Wireless Network (OTCQB: ABWN) has been granted an experimental operating certificate by the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”), the company said. The FCC´s approval will allow ABWN to ground test and flight test its demonstration system, in the development of the Infinitus Super Highway, the company´s patented air-to-air communication system. The FCC´s approval allows the company to conduct testing on the ground and over its intended flight test operating area near Roswell, New Mexico. As part of the tests, the company will utilize two Boeing testbed aircraft and pass broadband data between each aircraft inflight and a ground station, in a first of its kind air-to-air and air-to-ground meshed network link. The company intends to create a high-speed broadband airborne wireless network by linking commercial aircraft in flight. It is projected that each aircraft participating in the network will act as an airborne repeater or router, sending and receiving broadband signals from one aircraft to the next and creating a digital superhighway in the sky. Related posts StarLeaf agreement with ScanSource strengthens position May 9, 2017 StarLeaf, a provider of cloud video conferencing and calling, has announced a distribution agreement with... Molex renovates Lisle headquarters May 9, 2017 Data communications technology provider Molex has completed extensive renovations to an existing building on the... Afghan Wireless launches Afghanistan-based 4G/LTE communications network May 9, 2017 Afghan Wireless Communication company (AWCC), Afghanistan´s first mobile communications company, has launched the Afghan Wireless... Panopto, CERNET Education form video platform partnership May 9, 2017 Panopto and CERNET Education (CEREDU) have announced a partnership to provide local hosting and support... McKay Brothers expands European bandwidth services May 9, 2017 McKay Brothers International (MBI) has announced an expansion of its market leading low latency private... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « KinerjaPay partners with PT 24 Jam Online CafeX launches partner program for Microsoft Dynamics 365 Live Assist » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Trump shocks with ouster of FBI's Comey Comey firing threatens Senate probe into Trump’s Russia ties Trump pulls from Nixon's playbook The Political Isolation of Jim Comey Schumer calls for special prosecutor, suggests cover-up Is This a Constitutional Crisis? Politico Morning Transportation A daily speed read on transportation and infrastructure Get the Morning Transportation Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print TSA proposes national strategy against ‘soft target’ attacks By Tanya Snyder and Stephanie Beasley 05/09/17 10:00 AM EDT With help from Lauren Gardner TSA PROPOSES NATIONAL STRATEGY AGAINST ‘SOFT TARGET’ ATTACKS: A TSA working group formed after last year’s terrorist attacks on airports in Brussels and Istanbul is advising U.S. airports to take additional security measures to ward off would-be attackers. As our Stephanie Beasley reports for Pros, the working group released a national framework Monday advising airports to make themselves less attractive targets by making sure cameras, guards and metal detectors are highly visible in lobbies and other open areas. The attack at a Ft. Lauderdale airport that left five people dead earlier this year has only heightened the sense that there should be a national strategy for dealing with emerging threats to people in airports and other public areas. Story Continued Below Come together: The working group also suggested airports set up emergency response centers within their facilities where TSA, CBP, local police and the airports can discuss operations on a daily basis. Greater collaboration and information sharing between state, local and federal law enforcement and with the public is also key, the group said. Surface transportation at greatest risk: Public transit, passenger rail, highways, and pipelines are especially vulnerable to attacks because they are “open-by-nature transportation systems,” the group said. The report recommended that communities join with first responders on drills and other practice exercises to ready emergency response strategies for surface transportation systems. IT’S TUESDAY: Thanks for tuning in to POLITICO’s Morning Transportation, your daily tipsheet on all things trains, planes, automobiles and ports. We are your MT hosts today, so please send tips, feedback and lyrics to tsnyder@politico.com or @TSnyderDC and bgurciullo@politico.com or @brigurciullo. “There's no slowing down now / I'm a runaway train / My pistons are pounding / Brakes are screaming your name.” Want to keep up with MT’s song picks? Follow our Spotify playlist. HAND IT OVER: California's senators amped up the pressure Monday on Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao to sign off on a full funding grant agreement for an electrification project for a Bay Area transit system entangled in the politics of high-speed rail. As our Lauren Gardner reports, Democratic Sens. Dianne Feinstein and Kamala Harris urged Chao to let the Caltrain electrification effort move forward "without further delay" considering Congress has shown its support for the project by appropriating $100 million toward a $647 million grant endorsed by the Obama administration just before President Donald Trump took office. The project has already secured $73 million in federal funding but needs a full funding agreement from FTA in place before it can access the money. DOT GETS A NEW LIAISON TO CONGRESS: Trump has tapped Adam Sullivan to be assistant secretary of Transportation for government affairs. Sullivan is currently a professional staff member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education. He’s also spent time on the other side of the Capitol, working as chief of staff for former Reps. Jack Kingston (R-Ga.) and Jim Lightfoot (R-Iowa). Sullivan has also served as a top lobbyist for the Harris Corporation, a tech firm and defense contractor. Of note: He worked with then-Labor Secretary Elaine Chao during the George W. Bush administration as deputy assistant secretary of Labor for congressional affairs. FLAKE WANTS FBI TO LEND CBP A HELPING HAND: Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) thinks the FBI might hold the key to solving CBP’s staffing problems, at least when it comes to their polygraph exam, Stephanie reports. CBP is short about 1,700 Border Protection agents and 1,000 Customs officers — in part because many of its applicants can’t seem to pass the agency’s polygraph test. Flake wrote to FBI Director James Comey to ask that his agency give CBP some tips, considering FBI applicants seem to be more successful in passing polygraph tests. Flake recently introduced the Boots on the Border Act, which would waive the polygraph requirement for military veterans and former law enforcement officers. Another obstacle: John Wagner, CBP’s deputy executive assistant commissioner, told the House Homeland Security Committee last week that applicants were also struggling to pass the agency’s written exam and that many weren’t even bothering to show up for the test. ** A message from Delta Air Lines: Our daily briefing: At Delta we're constantly innovating to make your travel smoother. We tapped RFID technology to keep your bags in check at all times. Giving you more peace of mind from check-in to baggage claim. Learn more: delta.com/dca ** TRUMP’S TRAVEL BAN HITS MORE RESISTANCE IN THE COURTS: A panel of 13 judges in Richmond repeatedly challenged Acting Solicitor General Jeff Wall Monday to defend against charges that Trump’s travel ban targets Muslims. Wall argued that “too much emphasis is being placed on rhetoric from a divisive campaign that ended months ago,” report Josh Gerstein and Nolan D. McCaskill. The judges were considering the government’s request to overturn a ruling preventing the travel ban from being implemented. "Out of the 13 judges who heard the case in the unusual en banc court Monday, about three seemed hostile to the injunction, while a half a dozen or so signaled receptiveness to keeping it in place," wrote Josh and Nolan. EPA OKAYS DELAYS: The D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals granted EPA's request Monday for a 90-day pause in a lawsuit over the Obama administration's Phase 2 emissions rule for heavy-duty trucks, reports Alex Guillén of Pro Energy. The Truck Trailer Manufacturers Association had sued over EPA's requirement for lighter and more aerodynamic trailers to haul cargo. EPA asked for the delay so it can review and potentially revise the rule, which remains in effect, but TTMA had opposed a pause in the lawsuit without a similar pause in the implementation of the rule. The court denied TTMA’s claim. THE ENEMY OF THE EX-IM BANK IS MY FRIEND: Club for Growth President David McIntosh praised Trump Monday for nominating former New Jersey Congressman Scott Garrett to head the Export-Import Bank, saying Garrett “would be a new sheriff in town” and would “clean up the agency’s fraud and protect taxpayers.” Both Garrett and the Club for Growth have been staunch opponents of reauthorizing the Ex-Im Bank, which they condemn as corporate welfare for big companies like Boeing, the biggest single beneficiary of the bank’s financing. FRA ANNOTATES IG REPORT: The FRA is taking action to mitigate the accident reporting problems found in the Inspector General report we mentioned in Monday’s MT — they’re just not exactly the actions the IG recommended. The FRA emphasized that “railroads, not FRA, are responsible for identifying their employees’ training needs,” but said the agency would increase the availability of accident reporting training materials. And while the IG suggested that the FRA update its Guide for Accident/Incident Reporting, the agency responded that an update would require a new regulation, which could take years. Instead, the FRA will issue a supplement to the current Guide, with a Q&A section addressing common concerns, by December 15, 2017. FEELING THE PAYNE ON INFRASTRUCTURE WOES: In an op-ed for Roll Call today, Rep. Donald Payne, Jr. (D-N.J.) accuses Republicans of hypocrisy on the deficit, taxes and infrastructure. “Throughout the Obama administration, Republicans were unified in their opposition to any infrastructure spending that would add to the deficit,” wrote Payne, a member of the House Transportation Committee. “Yet, when it comes to cutting taxes, concerns about the deficit are not an issue.” He noted that with an estimated $926 billion backlog of infrastructure needs, “America’s infrastructure needs could be met, and then some, for a fraction of the cost of the President’s tax plan while contributing immensely to economic growth.” Where it hurts: Detailing the woes of New York’s subway and Washington, D.C.’s metro system, Payne added, “I hope that the President sees the breakdown of the aging railroad in New York, the city where he made his fortune, and the breakdown of the transit system of the city he now calls home as signs that the federal government can no longer delay investing in infrastructure.” THE AUTOBAHN: — “Chris Urmson reflects on challenges, no-win scenarios and timing of driverless cars.” Forbes. — “Deadline looming for charges to be filed in deadly Amtrak derailment.” CBS Philly. — “Uber is building an artificial intelligence hub in Toronto.” The Huffington Post Canada. — “Warren Buffett says self-driving cars could hurt auto insurers.” The Drive. — “Avolon forecasts Chinese airlines will need 3,200 additional aircraft by 2026.” Business Wire. — “Republicans are hunkering down for a long legislative winter.” NY Magazine. — “Why Do Gas Station Prices Constantly Change? Blame the Algorithm.” The Wall Street Journal. — “Infrastructure airports: Not cleared for landing.” IPE Real Estate. — “Congress threatens to stifle public voice in decision-making.” NRDC. — “Drone law practices taking off — again.” Daily Business Review. THE COUNTDOWN: DOT appropriations run out in 144 days. The FAA reauthorization expires in 144 days. Highway and transit policy is up for renewal in 1,241 days. ** A message from Delta Air Lines: Our daily briefing: At Delta we're constantly innovating to make your travel smoother. We tapped into RFID technology to keep your bags in check at all times. Giving you more peace of mind from check-in to baggage claim. Our pursuit of constantly solving problems doesn't stop there. Turbulence is notoriously difficult to predict. That's why we developed our industry-leading Flight Weather Viewer app. It helps our pilots better spot and avoid unexpected turbulence with real-time graphics of observations and forecasts on the flight deck. Making your journey smoother while also reducing our carbon footprint. Learn more: delta.com/dca ** « View Archives Authors: Tanya Snyder tsnyder@politico.com Stephanie Beasley sbeasley@politico.com About The Author Tanya Snyder is a POLITICO Pro transportation reporter. About The Author Stephanie is a Transportation Security Reporter. Most Read Why Liberals Aren’t as Tolerant as They Think GOP Rep. Rod Blum storms out of interview Is This a Constitutional Crisis? Republicans war over taxes Obama: 'You get the politicians you deserve' Former presidents walk fine line in Trump’s America Sophia Bush: 'I’m screaming on the internet' Schumer calls for special prosecutor, suggests cover-up Left adopts shock tactics in Obamacare repeal fight Flynn's White House influence is outliving his short tenure Morning Transportation - POLITICO Archive Tuesday, 5/9/17 Monday, 5/8/17 Friday, 5/5/17 Thursday, 5/4/17 Wednesday, 5/3/17 View the Full Morning Transportation Archives » Politico Magazine Is This Trump’s Saturday Night Massacre? Don’t Count On It. By Jeff Greenfield He Alone Can Fix it: Time for Trump to Testify on Russia Ties By Patrick Granfield Why Liberals Aren’t as Tolerant as They Think By Matthew Hutson When CEOs Visit the White House, Their Companies Profit By Jeffrey R. Brown and Jiekun Huang More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Home About Contact Membership Store Donate USA Canada Latin America Africa Middle East Europe Russia Asia Oceania Notre site en Français: mondialisation.ca Italiano Deutsch Português srpski العربية Globalizacion | Asia-Pacific Research Global Research grtv youtube twitter facebook rss US Nato War Economy Civil Rights Environment Poverty Media Justice 9/11 War Crimes Militarization History Science Lockheed Martin-Funded Experts Agree: South Korea Needs More Lockheed Martin Missiles By Adam Johnson Global Research, May 09, 2017 FAIR 8 May 2017 Region: Asia, USA Theme: Intelligence, Militarization and WMD, US NATO War Agenda In-depth Report: Nuclear War As tensions between the United States and North Korea continue to rise, one think tank, the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), has become a ubiquitous voice on the topic of missile defense, providing Official-Sounding Quotes to dozens of reporters in Western media outlets. All of these quotes speak to the urgent threat of North Korea and how important the United States’s deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile system is to South Korea: “THAADs are tailored to those medium-range threats that North Korea has in spades—North Korea regularly demonstrates that kind of capability,” says Thomas Karako, the director of the Missile Defense Project at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. “THAADs are exactly the kind of thing that you would want for a regional area.” (Wired, 4/23/17) But [CSIS’s Karako] called [THAAD] an important first step. “This is not about having a perfect shield, this is about buying time and thereby contributing to the overall credibility of deterrence,” Karako told AFP. (France24, 5/2/17) THAAD is a decent option, says Thomas Karako, director of the Missile Defense Project at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) in Washington, citing a perfect intercept record in trials to date. (Christian Science Monitor, 7/21/16) Seeing THAAD as a “natural consequence” of an evolving threat from North Korea, Bonnie Glaser, a senior adviser for Asia at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), told VOA that Washington should continue to tell Beijing “this system is not aimed at China … and [China] will just have to live with this decision.” (Voice of America, 3/22/17) Victor Cha, a Korea expert and former White House official now at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington, played down the chances that THAAD would be rolled back. “If THAAD is deployed prior to the elections and given the North Korean missile threat, I don’t think it would be prudent for a new government to ask that it be walked back,” Cha said. (Reuters, 3/10/17) Thomas Karako, senior fellow with the International Security Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said China’s indirect, retaliatory measures over the THAAD deployment would only stiffen the resolve of South Korea. He called the Chinese intervention “short-sighted.” (Voice of America, 1/23/17) The list goes on. In the past year, FAIR has noted 30 media mentions of CSIS pushing the THAAD missile system or its underlying value proposition in US media, most of them in the past two months. Business Insider was the most eager venue for the think tank’s analysts, routinely copying–and–pasting CSIStalking points in stories warning of the North Korean menace. Omitted from all these CSIS media appearances, however, is that one of CSIS’s top donors, Lockheed Martin, is THAAD’s primary contractor—Lockheed Martin’s take from the THAAD system is worth about $3.9 billion alone. Lockheed Martin directly funds the Missile Defense Project Program at CSIS, the program whose talking heads are cited most frequently by US media. While it’s unclear how much exactly Lockheed Martin donates to CSIS (specific totals are not listed on their website, and a CSIS spokesperson wouldn’t tell FAIR when asked), they are one of the top ten donors, listed in the “$500,000 and up” category. It’s unclear how high “and up” goes, but the think tank’s operating revenue for 2016 was $44 million. None of these pieces mentioned that 56 percent of South Koreans oppose the deployment of THAAD, at least until new elections are held on May 9. The person who greenlit the THAAD deployment, former President Park Geun-hye, left in disgrace after a fraud scandal—throwing the legitimacy of the THAAD deployment into question, and turning it into a hot-button issue in the subsequent election. In light of her impeachment—and, no doubt, the surprise election of a capricious President Trump in the US—most South Koreans understandably want to wait until the new election before making a decision on THAAD. Beyond a few articles making opaque reference to South Koreans having “mixed” reactions, or glossing over local protests, this fact was omitted from US media reports altogether. Trump, the Pentagon and US weapons contractors knew what’s best and were coming to the rescue. Unlike corporate media outlets, The Nation (2/25/17) felt a need to talk to opponents of deploying new US weaponry. None of the 30 pieces with pro-THAAD talking heads from CSIS quoted South Korean peace activists or anti-THAAD voices. To find out the concerns of Korean THAAD critics, one had to turn to independent media reports, like Christine Ahn’s in The Nation (2/25/17): “It will threaten the very economic and social lifeblood of the communities,” [Korean-American policy analyst Simone Chun] said…. “The deployment of THAAD will increase tensions between South and North Korea,” said Ham Soo-yeon, a resident of Gimcheon who has been publishing newsletters about their resistance. In a phone interview, Ham said THAAD would “make the unification of Korea more difficult,” and that it would “place the Korean peninsula at the center of the US drive for dominant power over Northeast Asia.” None of these concerns made it into the above articles. Five of CSIS’s ten major corporate donors (“$500,000 and up”) are weapons manufacturers: Besides Lockheed Martin, they are General Dynamics, Boeing, Leonardo-Finmeccanica and Northrop Grumman. Three of it its top four government donors (“$500,000 and up”) are the United States, Japan and Taiwan. South Korea also gives money to CSIS through the governmental Korea Foundation ($200,000-$499,000). Last August (8/8/16), the New York Times revealed internal documents of CSIS (and the Brookings Institution) showing how think tanks acted as undisclosed lobbyists for weapons manufacturers: As a think tank, the Center for Strategic and International Studies did not file a lobbying report, but the goals of the effort were clear. “Political obstacles to export,” read the agenda of one closed-door “working group” meeting organized by Mr. Brannen that included Tom Rice, a lobbyist in General Atomics’ Washington office, on the invitation lists, the emails show. Boeing and Lockheed Martin, drone-makers that were major CSIS contributors, were also invited to attend the sessions, the emails show. The meetings and research culminated with a report released in February 2014 that reflected the industry’s priorities. “I came out strongly in support of export,” Mr. Brannen, the lead author of the study, wrote in an email to Kenneth B. Handelman, the deputy assistant secretary of state for defense trade controls. But the effort did not stop there. Mr. Brannen initiated meetings with Defense Department officials and congressional staff to push for the recommendations, which also included setting up a new Pentagon office to give more focus to acquisition and deployment of drones. The center also stressed the need to ease export limits at a conference it hosted at its headquarters featuring top officials from the Navy, the Air Force and the Marine Corps. CSIS denied to the Times that its activities constituted lobbying. In response to FAIR’s request for comment, a CSIS spokesperson “rejected [FAIR’s] assertion entirely” that there was any conflict. CSIS’s consistent promotion of its funder’s missile system could, of course, be a total coincidence. The bespectacled experts at CSIS could honestly believe the majority of South Koreans are wrong, and Trump’s deployment of THAAD is a wise choice. Or it could be that think tanks funded by weapons makers are not impartial arbiters of whether more weapons are a good idea—and not useful sources to readers who are hoping for neutral analysis of such questions. The original source of this article is FAIR Copyright © Adam Johnson, FAIR, 2017 Comment on Global Research Articles on our Facebook page Become a Member of Global Research Articles by: Adam Johnson Disclaimer: The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s). The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible for any inaccurate or incorrect statement in this article. The Center of Research on Globalization grants permission to cross-post original Global Research articles on community internet sites as long as the text & title are not modified. The source and the author's copyright must be displayed. For publication of Global Research articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites, contact: [email protected] www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of "fair use" in an effort to advance a better understanding of political, economic and social issues. The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes. If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than "fair use" you must request permission from the copyright owner. For media inquiries: [email protected] Latest News & Top Stories Seeing through the Deceptions: The Truth about War The People of North Korea: “They Don’t Want War. They Want Peace”. The 1989 Tiananmen Square “Massacre”. What Happened? Protecting Australia against Japan? The Need for US Military Presence in the Asia-Pacific Region? Video: US Backed Operation “Against ISIS Terrorists” in Mosul Approaching Its Final Phase Britain’s Intrusive Surveillance System. Threat to Civil Liberties and Human Rights Is the US Preparing A Ground Invasion of Syria? Drones Spot Hundreds of US, Jordanian Armored Vehicles at Border Palestinian Prisoners Enter 21st Day of Hunger Strike French Election Fraud? Will Macron be Able to Form a Government? US Says We Fly Where We Want in Syria Video: Fighting ISIS-Daesh in Desert Syria Hundreds of Migrants Drown in Mediterranean Palestinians to the Woodshed? Trump Pressures Palestinians to Comply… Brexit and Britain’s Snap-Election: “Post-Democracy Has Evolved Into Undemocracy” Syria: The New Government Plans for Moving East Most Popular All Articles Global Research Publishers Click Here To Order Online News Themes Terrorism Biotechnology and GMO Crimes against Humanity Culture, Society & History Environment Global Economy Intelligence Law and Justice Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Civil Rights Politics and Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights I-Books Series IN-DEPTH REPORTS UKRAINE REPORT SYRIA: NATO’S NEXT WAR? IRAN: THE NEXT WAR? IRAQ REPORT AFGHANISTAN CLIMATE CHANGE CRIMINALIZE WAR DEPLETED URANIUM FAKE INTELLIGENCE HAITI NATO’S WAR ON LIBYA NORTH KOREA NUCLEAR WAR OCCUPY WALL STREET PAKISTAN PALESTINE THE BALKANS GLOBAL RESEARCH VIDEOS The global research news hour Join us on Facebook Partner Websites Project Censored Stop NATO Strategic Culture Foundation The Corbett Report Washington's Blog youtube twitter facebook rss Global Research News I-BOOKS SERIES Countries Index Authors Index Most Popular Links Contact Membership Online Store Themes Geographic Regions US NATO War Agenda Global Economy Crimes against Humanity Militarization and WMD Law and Justice Police State & Civil Rights History 9/11 & ‘War on Terrorism’ Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Police State & Civil Rights Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights USA Canada Middle East & North Africa Latin America & Caribbean Europe sub-Saharan Africa Russia and FSU Asia Oceania GlobalResearch Center for Research on Globalization Privacy Policy Copyright © 2005-2017 GlobalResearch.ca
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 33-51 We set you thinking Wednesday 10 May 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business Oil prices rise in expectation of Aramco supply cut to Asia 1494399068 Business China opening up its bond markets, but currency seen as major barrier 1494397621 World South Korean business groups say will work with new president on job creation 1494397526 World New South Korea president vows to address North Korea, broader tensions 'urgently' 1494396222 World Supporters rally for Jakarta’s jailed Christian governor 1494394860 World US warns of kidnapping threat on Philippine tourist island 1494396116 Business ChemChina gets around 82 percent of Syngenta in $43 billion deal 1494395128 World South Korea's Moon names inter-Korean talks veteran as spy chief 1494394853 Business Amazon trounces rivals in battle of the shopping 'bots' 1494394562 World Merkel's conservatives could govern with Greens, FDP-German poll 1494393873 Business Asia stocks rise for third day on earnings; dollar stalls on Comey sacking 1494394008 Voices Make some tweaks to tackle unemployment 1494393410 Business Detroit revival spurs JPMorgan to make fresh $50 million pledge 1494389901 World China says Taiwan health not at risk by absence from U.N. meeting 1494389451 World Echoes of Watergate in Donald Trump's firing of FBI chief James Comey 1494386100 Business Glass Lewis says BlackRock CEO's pay, performance misaligned 1494387471 World China's Xi congratulates new South Korean president 1494387188 Singapore Tighter controls over entertainment spots to clamp down on illicit activities 1494257160 Singapore Taxi sharing to make comeback via GrabShare, but cabbies sceptical 1494386160 World Greater total pollution exposure tied to higher cancer risk: Study 1494360120 World Trump fires FBI Director Comey, setting off political storm in US 1494368880 World South Korea's Moon to hold news conference, name key aides: parliament official 1494383043 World China's Xi says wants to appropriately handle disputes with South Korea 1494383024 Business ESPN concerns drag on Disney, shares dip 1494375644 World South Korea's Moon taps Lee Nak-yon as next prime minister: Yonhap 1494374951 World South Korea's Moon speaks with chairman of joint chiefs of staff 1494375038 World U.N. aviation agency seeks global approach to laptop ban 1494373668 Business U.S. Commerce's Ross says 3 percent GDP growth not achievable this year 1494373421 Business U.S. Commerce chief says EPA permits top regulatory 'hit list' 1494371889 World For one Chinese city, new 'Silk Road' leaves old problems unsolved 1494371132 Business New York judge halts request in Avianca Airlines shareholder spat 1494370501 Business Wall Street loses oomph but Apple crosses $800-billion mark 1494362277 Business J&J discloses U.S. probe related to arthritis drugs 1494283773 Business U.S. Democratic senators seek probe into Icahn’s biofuel credit dealings 1494364429 World U.S. increasingly convinced that Russia hacked French election: sources 1494365352 World Bomb threat causes panic on Saudi airliner 1494365381 World French ex-prime minister Valls offers to back Macron in elections 1494346329 World Ousted Venezuelan governor threatens government with shamanic curse 1494364963 World U.S. does not see Moon win in South Korea significantly changing ties 1494364194 World South Korea president winner Moon vows to unify bruised country 1494364194 World Gambia central bank governor, other top bank officials fired 1494361146 World Bins, cooking, the bedroom: Britain's May offers glimpse of private life 1494362642 World Trump to meet with Abu Dhabi crown prince on May 15: White House 1494357722 World South Sudan president replaces army chief 1494361979 World Infant mortality and malaria soar in Venezuela, according to government data 1494358622 World Le Pen's niece will not seek re-election as French lawmaker 1494360746 World Germany detains second soldier suspected of planning 'extremist' attack 1494356943 World EU urges U.S. not to cut U.N. funds, stay committed to climate deal 1494360376 Business Daimler drops bid to win approval to sell U.S. 2017 Mercedes diesels 1494363290 Business Apple tops $800 billion market cap for first time 1494361745 Business AerCap still sees good demand for most popular wide-body jets Aengus Kelly, CEO and Executive Director of AerCap, speaks at the 2016 International Air Transport Association Annual General Meeting and World Air Transport Summit in Dublin. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 9:10 PM, May 9, 2017 Updated: 5:00 AM, May 10, 2017 PARIS - The world's largest independent aircraft leasing company, AerCap <AER.N> said on Tuesday there was "good solid demand" for the wide-body jets, after concerns surfaced in the U.S. about weak demand for the most widely traded types of jets. American Airlines <AAL.O> and Delta Air Lines <DAL.N> have announced plans to defer deliveries of long-haul passenger planes, amid reports of a looming glut of capacity of such aircraft as planemakers bring out various new models while still upgrading old ones. AerCap Chief Executive Aengus Kelly said, after the company reported higher quarterly earnings, that such discussions were typical across the world. He added that planemakers were prepared to absorb market disruption by building a spare buffer into their order books to offset their exposure to high fixed costs. "The only way they can do it is to over-commit all the time and that is why the order books of these guys have to be padded with inevitable deferral requests," he said. "And so what is happening with the U.S. airlines is nothing unusual. It has just got more publicity, but discussions like this are ongoing all over the world continually." He also told reporters AerCap was studying a proposed larger new version of Boeing's single-aisle jet family, the 737-10, which industry sources expect to be launched in June. "We are looking at the aircraft and we'll continue to evaluate it," he said. AerCap meanwhile has an unspecified number of mainly single-aisle Airbus aircraft at Italy's Alitalia, which has gone into administration. It said these represent below one percent of its own portfolio. "We are observing what is happening down there and speaking with the airline," Kelly said. Asked whether AerCap would lose money in placing them elsewhere, he said: "We would have to make sure that if there were any difference in the lease rental that we got from Alitalia and what we could get from the new lessee, we would do our best to be adequately compensated from the estate of Alitalia." REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus With Obamacare vote, House Republicans free to turn to tax reform With maiden jet flight, China enters dog-fight with Boeing, Airbus With eye on millennials, Coach buys Kate Spade Wells Fargo says agrees with Buffett and is fixing its problems Wealth investments paying off for Singapore’s three big banks Waymo has 'no smoking gun' in Uber self driving car case -U.S. judge Warren Buffett says he sold a third of stake in IBM: CNBC Wall Street slips as Fed holds on rates; financials rise Wall Street set to rise after Macron wins in France Inside Today World South Korean business groups say will work with new president on job creation New South Korea president vows to address North Korea, broader tensions 'urgently' US warns of kidnapping threat on Philippine tourist island Supporters rally for Jakarta’s jailed Christian governor South Korea's Moon names inter-Korean talks veteran as spy chief Business Oil prices rise in expectation of Aramco supply cut to Asia China opening up its bond markets, but currency seen as major barrier ChemChina gets around 82 percent of Syngenta in $43 billion deal Amazon trounces rivals in battle of the shopping 'bots' Asia stocks rise for third day on earnings; dollar stalls on Comey sacking Sports Hougang, Geylang relish Filipino challenge in S’pore Cup In Atletico Madrid’s ramshackle home, an underdog’s spirit thrived Tang sets sights on 2 race titles this year Dutch turn to Dick Advocaat for World Cup rescue RHB Bank gives Singapore football S$1.5m boost Entertainment Going vegan in Singapore is easy, says Les Mis star Jimmy Kimmel gives update on son, fires back at media New Hellboy movie in the works; Stranger Things actor David Harbour in talks to star Warner Bros releases trailer of Blade Runner sequel Music business is not for my daughter, says Wakin Chau About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia 67° Full Menu 67° Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Newsletters Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Place an ad Politics & Government May 09, 2017 9:28 AM Pope goes after Norman’s voting record in new 5th District ad By Bristow Marchant bmarchant@thestate.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story One Republican candidate in the 5th District’s congressional runoff is turning his fire on the other, targeting what he says is his opponent’s “strange” State House voting record. The new ad by Tommy Pope, speaker pro tempore of the S.C. House, criticizes one-time colleague Ralph Norman, a former state representative, for his votes as a lawmaker.   The ad takes up an attack Pope is using on the campaign trail — that Norman was a reflexive “no” vote in the Legislature, while Pope knows how to work the legislative process to get things done. In the ad, a narrator criticizes Norman for voting against incentives for North Charleston’s Boeing plant. Norman has said his legislative record shows he opposes excessive government intervention and regulation.   The ad also questions Norman’s vote against “investigating Planned Parenthood.” Norman said he considered the vote a “publicity stunt.” On Monday, Norman was endorsed by former S.C. GOP chairman Chad Connelly, one of the runners-up in last week’s crowded Republican primary. On Tuesday, Tommy Pope announced his own endorsement from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, saying it showed he is a “true friend of job creators.” 5th District voters go to the polls to choose the GOP nominee next Tuesday. The GOP nominee will meet Democrat Archie Parnell of Sumter in the June 20 general election. Bristow Marchant: 803-771-8405, @BristowatHome, @BuzzAtTheState LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago Chad Connelly endorses Ralph Norman in SC 5th District runoff 1:30 2 days ago Chad Connelly endorses Ralph Norman in SC 5th District runoff 1:40 4 days ago Gov. Henry McMaster on his running mate 2:35 4 days ago Gov. Henry McMaster: state already has enough money to fix roads View More Video Politics & Government Trump ax falls on FBI's Comey in midst of Russia probe Texas House OKs letting adoption groups deny non-Christians Descendants of syphilis study subjects emerging from shadows Hector Lora wins re-election in mayoral campaign for Passaic The Latest: Trump assails Sen. Schumer for remarks on Comey Politics & Government Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Augmented Reality Industry Leader Upskill Acquires Pristine Acquisition enhances capabilities to cover the full spectrum of customer needs and offers enterprises more options for how to leverage AR for operational efficiencies WASHINGTON, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Upskill (formerly APX Labs), the leader in enterprise software for augmented reality (AR) devices, today announced the acquisition of Austin, TX-based Pristine, the leading software-as-a-service (SaaS) provider of AR collaboration and video streaming software. Pristine's remote assistance and knowledge capture solutions will complement Upskill's existing Skylight industrial AR platform to offer the most comprehensive product offering in the industry, making it easier for customers to meet their operational needs and IT requirements. "Augmented reality is driving incredible productivity results across functional areas in industrial enterprises. Our customers are seeing an average of 32 percent performance improvement from their very first use of Skylight," said Brian Ballard, co-founder and CEO, Upskill. "There aren't very many new technologies that can deliver this kind of 'out of the box' value creation, which is why adoption of AR technology is accelerating at an incredible pace. This underscores the importance for Upskill to leverage new opportunities that will help us scale and innovate faster than anyone else in the space. The acquisition of Pristine will allow us to do just that." Pristine is best known for its flagship product, EyeSight, which provides best-in-class "see what I see" video streaming capabilities for remote experts. Customer deployments have proven EyeSight to help workers complete inspection, compliance and repair processes at a fraction of the cost and time normally required. Through the acquisition, Upskill will now offer Pristine's portfolio of field-worker collaboration solutions including EyeSight. These applications are typically deployed on smart glasses, but are also available across Mac, PC, iPhone, iPad and Android devices. With Pristine solutions in its repertoire, Upskill will be able to add breadth and domain expertise to its product offering and more choices for customers seeking to implement AR across manufacturing, logistics and field service applications. Along with the added technology capabilities and product solutions, Pristine also brings to Upskill a talented engineering and product team with deep industry experience in scaling deployment of enterprise wearables across an impressive client base, including Coca-Cola, Bayer, The Hershey Company, National Oilwell Varco, Sandvik and Bureau Veritas. Pristine's CEO, Peter Evans, will step into a newly appointed role as Executive Vice President. The acquisition will also establish Upskill's third U.S. office in Austin, expanding recruiting to a growing epicenter for tech talent and providing increased regional support to customers located in the Southwestern US. "Our EyeSight solution makes it easy for clients to get up and running quickly with remote assistance capabilities, making skills and knowledge available via the cloud. The need for this type of work solution in enterprises is massive, particularly in organizations with a large field services workforce, where there is a growing gap between demand for skills, and the availability of those skills," said Peter Evans, CEO, Pristine. "As customers expand the use of AR across their operations, a scalable AR platform with direct integrations to their IT and OT investments becomes more important. With Upskill's Skylight platform, we can now address the entire operational lifecycle of an enterprise and do it in the cloud, on premise or in hybrid cloud environments." "With these combined capabilities, Upskill now powers an unparalleled suite of applications covering complex assembly, process management, service, inspection, material handling and logistics." said Dr. Magid Abraham, Executive Chairman, Upskill. "Further, we can offer even more flexibility to our customers in how they create and support a connected workforce across their operations. It also fortifies Upskill's position as the leading choice for powering the industry 4.0 workforce with augmented reality." This news comes just following the closing of Upskill's Series B financing, led by Boeing HorizonX and GE Ventures. Earlier this year, Upskill also participated at the World Economic Forum (WEF) Annual Meeting in Davos as one of WEF's 2016 Technology Pioneers.                   About Pristine Pristine is pioneering the "wearable worker," with enterprise software solutions for smart glasses, and smart devices. EyeSight, Pristine's flagship platform, powers secure and scalable audio/video streaming for hands-free collaboration and remote support in life sciences, industrial and manufacturing environments, field services and healthcare. With on-demand expertise from off-site specialists, Pristine's clients are reducing costs and driving ROI through case pre-screening and guided service workflows. EyeSight is available across every platform: Mac, PC, iPhone, iPad, Android, and smart glasses including ODG, Realwear, Google Glass and Vuzix, amongst others. More information can be found at www.pristine.io. About Upskill Upskill (formerly APX Labs) is the market leader in enterprise software for augmented reality devices in industrial settings. Trusted by the world's greatest companies, such as GE, Boeing, Rio Tinto, and Shell, our industrial application platform, Skylight, enhances the capabilities of hands-on workers to measurably and immediately improve business operations from the factory to the warehouse to the jobsite. By connecting workers to the information they need to do their jobs with greater efficiency and fewer errors, businesses become more agile and competitive through greater productivity, quality, and compliance. To learn more, visit upskill.io. Media Contact Katherine Verducci MIX Public Relations upskill@mix-pr.com     SOURCE Upskill CategoriesUncategorized TagsAcquisitions, Mergers, Takeovers, Computer Software, Computer/ Electronics Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bioactive Protein Market in US Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Next PostNext Tungsten Carbide Powder (WC) Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2022, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Augmented Reality Industry Leader Upskill Acquires Pristine Acquisition enhances capabilities to cover the full spectrum of customer needs and offers enterprises more options for how to leverage AR for operational efficiencies WASHINGTON, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Upskill (formerly APX Labs), the leader in enterprise software for augmented reality (AR) devices, today announced the acquisition of Austin, TX-based Pristine, the leading software-as-a-service (SaaS) provider of AR collaboration and video streaming software. Pristine's remote assistance and knowledge capture solutions will complement Upskill's existing Skylight industrial AR platform to offer the most comprehensive product offering in the industry, making it easier for customers to meet their operational needs and IT requirements. "Augmented reality is driving incredible productivity results across functional areas in industrial enterprises. Our customers are seeing an average of 32 percent performance improvement from their very first use of Skylight," said Brian Ballard, co-founder and CEO, Upskill. "There aren't very many new technologies that can deliver this kind of 'out of the box' value creation, which is why adoption of AR technology is accelerating at an incredible pace. This underscores the importance for Upskill to leverage new opportunities that will help us scale and innovate faster than anyone else in the space. The acquisition of Pristine will allow us to do just that." Pristine is best known for its flagship product, EyeSight, which provides best-in-class "see what I see" video streaming capabilities for remote experts. Customer deployments have proven EyeSight to help workers complete inspection, compliance and repair processes at a fraction of the cost and time normally required. Through the acquisition, Upskill will now offer Pristine's portfolio of field-worker collaboration solutions including EyeSight. These applications are typically deployed on smart glasses, but are also available across Mac, PC, iPhone, iPad and Android devices. With Pristine solutions in its repertoire, Upskill will be able to add breadth and domain expertise to its product offering and more choices for customers seeking to implement AR across manufacturing, logistics and field service applications. Along with the added technology capabilities and product solutions, Pristine also brings to Upskill a talented engineering and product team with deep industry experience in scaling deployment of enterprise wearables across an impressive client base, including Coca-Cola, Bayer, The Hershey Company, National Oilwell Varco, Sandvik and Bureau Veritas. Pristine's CEO, Peter Evans, will step into a newly appointed role as Executive Vice President. The acquisition will also establish Upskill's third U.S. office in Austin, expanding recruiting to a growing epicenter for tech talent and providing increased regional support to customers located in the Southwestern US. "Our EyeSight solution makes it easy for clients to get up and running quickly with remote assistance capabilities, making skills and knowledge available via the cloud. The need for this type of work solution in enterprises is massive, particularly in organizations with a large field services workforce, where there is a growing gap between demand for skills, and the availability of those skills," said Peter Evans, CEO, Pristine. "As customers expand the use of AR across their operations, a scalable AR platform with direct integrations to their IT and OT investments becomes more important. With Upskill's Skylight platform, we can now address the entire operational lifecycle of an enterprise and do it in the cloud, on premise or in hybrid cloud environments." "With these combined capabilities, Upskill now powers an unparalleled suite of applications covering complex assembly, process management, service, inspection, material handling and logistics." said Dr. Magid Abraham, Executive Chairman, Upskill. "Further, we can offer even more flexibility to our customers in how they create and support a connected workforce across their operations. It also fortifies Upskill's position as the leading choice for powering the industry 4.0 workforce with augmented reality." This news comes just following the closing of Upskill's Series B financing, led by Boeing HorizonX and GE Ventures. Earlier this year, Upskill also participated at the World Economic Forum (WEF) Annual Meeting in Davos as one of WEF's 2016 Technology Pioneers.                   About Pristine Pristine is pioneering the "wearable worker," with enterprise software solutions for smart glasses, and smart devices. EyeSight, Pristine's flagship platform, powers secure and scalable audio/video streaming for hands-free collaboration and remote support in life sciences, industrial and manufacturing environments, field services and healthcare. With on-demand expertise from off-site specialists, Pristine's clients are reducing costs and driving ROI through case pre-screening and guided service workflows. EyeSight is available across every platform: Mac, PC, iPhone, iPad, Android, and smart glasses including ODG, Realwear, Google Glass and Vuzix, amongst others. More information can be found at www.pristine.io. About Upskill Upskill (formerly APX Labs) is the market leader in enterprise software for augmented reality devices in industrial settings. Trusted by the world's greatest companies, such as GE, Boeing, Rio Tinto, and Shell, our industrial application platform, Skylight, enhances the capabilities of hands-on workers to measurably and immediately improve business operations from the factory to the warehouse to the jobsite. By connecting workers to the information they need to do their jobs with greater efficiency and fewer errors, businesses become more agile and competitive through greater productivity, quality, and compliance. To learn more, visit upskill.io. Media Contact Katherine Verducci MIX Public Relations upskill@mix-pr.com     SOURCE Upskill CategoriesUncategorized TagsAcquisitions, Mergers, Takeovers, Computer Software, Computer/ Electronics Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bioactive Protein Market in US Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Next PostNext Tungsten Carbide Powder (WC) Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2022, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
BREAKING NEWS: Toyota says annual profit drops 21pc, first fall in five years … Gray hair, baldness now curable! … Bangladesh tea prices dip for second week … Asia stocks rise for 3rd day on earnings; dollar stalls on Comey sacking … Dollar slips after Trump fires FBI director … China yuan firms, state banks' dollar sales offset much weaker midpoint … Tokyo stocks up by break, company earnings in focus … China's Xi applauds S.Korea's Moon on election win … Trump to host Lavrov at White House on Wednesday … Here comes the purge … Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper AAJ Live Home »Featured Photos » Phalangists by Donald ‘Don’ McCullin Featured Photos Phalangists by Donald ‘Don’ McCullin Jibran Abbasi May 9th, 2017 15:21 0 Phalangists News Picture, first prize stories 1976 Lebanese Christian Phalangists in the foyer of the Holiday Inn in Beirut, battling with Palestinians in the adjacent hotel during the Lebanese Civil War, in January-February 1976. The Minet-el-Hosn hotel district of downtown Beirut was one of the first fronts in the war that opened up. Commissioned by: The Sunday Times   Photo Credit: Donald ‘Don’McCullin Donald 'Don' McCullin (London, UK, 1935) is one of history's great war photographers. His interest in photography was sparked during his national service (1953-1955), when he served as a photographic assistant in aerial reconnaissance in the Royal Air Force. His photojournalistic career took off when his photo of a local London gang was published in the national daily newspaper The Observer. In 1964, The Observer offered him his first war assignment in Cyprus where he covered the conflict between Greek and Turkish Cypriots. After working as a freelance photojournalist for The Observer, The Sunday Telegraph, and magazines such as Paris Match, Stern and Life, Don McCullin became a staff photographer at The Sunday Times in 1966. During his 18 years at the The Sunday Times he covered numerous international conflicts to great appraise. His reportages include the famine in Biafra (1967), the Vietnam War (1968-1972), the Troubles in Northern-Ireland (1971), the fall of Phnom Penh (1975) and the civil war in Lebanon (1975-1982). After leaving The Sunday Times in 1984, he began to explore different kinds of photography, notably landscape photography. In recent years, he has focused primarily on the African content. Since 1995, he has been associated with Contact Press Images. Don McCullin has been awarded numerous wards including the Word Press Photo of the Year 1964, and in 2006 the Cornell Capa Award by the International Center for Photography in New York for his lifetime contribution to photography. In 1992, he became the only photojournalist to be made Commander of the British Empire (CBE). Tags : BeirutchristianCivil WarDonaldDowntownFoyerHoliday InnhotelLebaneseMinet-el-HosnPalestiniansPhalagistsWar Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Jibran Abbasi Previous PCB slams BCCI, says signed contract not MoU Next Sultan of swing backs Misbah over Imran Khan Related Posts Apr 29th, 2017 13:27 Burning oil refineries by Henri Bureau Apr 28th, 2017 12:57 Year Of The Revolution by Manoocher Deghati Apr 24th, 2017 15:59 Nawaz’s befitting reply to Sonu Nigam Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Close Top
Latest News Dow 20,976 -36.50 -0.17% Nasdaq 6,121 +17.93 +0.29% S&P 500 2,397 -2.46 -0.10% 3:04 A.M. ET ING shares up 2.6% after profit report 3:04 A.M. ET Barratt Developments rises 2.3% after 2017 outlook 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.2% lower at 12,726 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,394.10 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens fractionally lower at 7,340.37 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens fractionally lower at 395.70 2:56 A.M. ET Updated The New York Times will take you on a tour and teach you all about Brexit for $6,000 2:50 A.M. ET Opinion The ECB should avoid the temptation to cancel QE 2:51 A.M. ET Eni profit jumps as oil prices rebound 2:50 A.M. ET Barratt sees 2017 profit at top end of views 2:49 A.M. ET AstraZeneca asthma drug misses primary endpoint 2:28 A.M. ET ITV maintains outlook even as revenue falls 2:27 A.M. ET U.K. regulator may probe Capita-Vodafone deal 2:27 A.M. ET BAE trading in line; backs 2017 guidance 2:26 A.M. ET AXA revenue nearly flat as revenue misses views 2:25 A.M. ET French Insurer AXA plans to list shares in U.S. 2:24 A.M. ET Suez confirms outlook at revenue rises 2:24 A.M. ET ING net profit slips, but pretax profit up 39% 2:22 A.M. ET Ahold Delhaize net sales rise 65% in first quarter 2:22 A.M. ET Germany posts record current-account surplus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Deep Dive Get email alerts This fund manager beats stock indices by finding ‘the next big thing’ with staying power By Philip van Doorn Published: May 9, 2017 8:33 p.m. ET Share ‘Sometimes good investments are not the exciting ones,’ says Guinness Atkinson’s Matthew Page Qilai Shen/Bloomberg A NextEV self-driving concept electric vehicle stands on display at the Auto Shanghai 2017 vehicle show. Self-driving cars are among new technology presenting tremendous opportunities to makers of electronic components, according to Matthew Page, co-manager of the Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund. By Philipvan Doorn Investing columnist Most mutual fund managers are unable to beat stock indices, so when a management team does so for many years, we want to know about it. Before we dig into the Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund, let’s recall Mark Hulbert’s discussion about how awful active managers’ track records have been when measured against the S&P 500 Index SPX, -0.10% “Over the last 15 years, 92.2% of large-cap funds lagged a simple S&P 500 fund,” MarketWatch’s Hulbert said. As its name implies, the Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund IWIRX, +0.34% aims for growth by investing in companies with competitive edges that translate into high returns on capital. “We think innovation can be applied across industries,” co-manager Matthew Page said in an interview May 5. “You have disruptive companies, but also companies that sustain themselves through innovation, and also continuous innovators.” He has been managing the fund with Ian Mortimer since 2010, and worked as the fund’s analyst before that, starting in 2005. The fund’s benchmark is the MSCI World Index. But Morningstar, which ranks the fund four of five stars, measures its performance against the S&P 500. Here’s how it has performed against both indices: Total return - 2017 through May 8 Average return - 3 years Average return - 5 years Average return - 10 years Average return - 15 years Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund - Investor Shares 13.4% 9.4% 16.3% 8.6% 10.0% MSCI World Index 7.9% 9.5% 13.4% 5.0% 6.7% S&P 500 Index 7.9% 10.7% 14.3% 7.1% 7.7% Sources: Morningstar, FactSet The fund’s average performance has trailed the indices for three years, but has outperformed both by significant margins for five, 10 and 15 years, putting it in exclusive company. Page said the fund is about 5% overweight U.S. stocks, relative to the MSCI World Index. Here’s the fund’s geographic breakdown as of March 31: Page said that for the managers of the fund, “innovation” can mean a new product or service, “technical or scientific ... a new chip or drug.” But he also looks for innovative or disruptive business models, “the likes of Netflix NFLX, +0.69%  or Uber.” Then the fund managers dig into a company’s numbers to see if they point to strong long-term financial performance. A hot new technological service or product may not mean there is a solid investment to be had. He said 3D printing is an example, saying he expects continual rapid growth for the industry. Still, “the companies that were available to invest in, in that area, were not high quality,” he said. Guinness Atkinson Funds Matthew Page, co-manager of the Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund. “So our edge is not trying to predict the next big thing, but trying to find the next entry point for companies — finding out which are hype cycles and which are good investments,” he said. “Sometimes good investments are not the exciting ones.” Fund holdings Here are the top 10 holdings of the Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund, as of March 31: Company Ticker Industry Total return - 2017 through May 5 Total return - 3 years Total return - 5 years AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. 2018, +1.91% Electronic Components 52% 152% 423% New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc. ADR EDU, -0.27% Private educational services in China 55% 178% 141% Applied Materials Inc. AMAT, +1.20% Electronic Production Equipment 30% 133% 314% Samsung Electronics Co. GDR SMSN, -1.06% Telecommunications Equipment 33% 58% 75% Boeing Co. BA, +0.48% Aerospace and Defense 20% 53% 177% Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. CHKP, -0.26% Internet Software/ Services 26% 66% 92% Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp. Class A CTSH, -0.17% Information Technology Services 13% 28% 82% SAP SE ADR SAP, +0.35% Software 20% 37% 76% Qualcomm Inc. QCOM, +0.97% Telecommunications Equipment -15% -24% 1% Infineon Technologies AG IFX, -0.29%   Semiconductors 15% 142% 189% Guinness Atkinson, FactSet Page discussed the broad theme of technological innovation for cars, communications equipment and appliances, and the increased use of robots. Recent purchase decisions have leaned toward Asia, but Page stressed: “We are very much bottom-up stock pickers,” meaning the managers are more focused on individual companies’ attributes, not geographic regions. “So this is not a broad view of Asia, but a lot of what makes Asia cheap is the valuations of banks and financial companies, which make up a lot of the benchmark,” he said. “So it was a combination of Asia stocks looking cheap and these companies’ valuations giving us good starting points. We have subsequently seen a re-rating. I would not necessarily bang on the table to buy more at this point in time, but I am sort of happy with what we’ve got at the moment.” He was referring to Catcher Technology Co. Ltd. 2474, -2.37% of Taiwan, the fund’s most recently purchased holding, and AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. 2018, +1.91%  of Shenzhen, China. Those stocks were picked up at “attractive valuations,” Page said, because of concern over Apple iPhone sales. Both are suppliers of components to Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.64% and to other smartphone makers. With shares of Apple returning 29% this year through May 5, while Catcher is up 39% and AAC is up 52%, he said he would “actually be trimming them back at these levels” if there were new money to invest. But it’s important to keep in mind how often concerns over Apple, as expressed in breathless media headlines, have pushed down its stock and shares of its suppliers. There may be another period of attractive entry points for these stocks. Catcher makes unibody aluminum cases for Apple’s  MacBook Air and MacBook Pro. Page said that in this niche, the company has “sufficient scale that no other competitor can [really] compete with them. The key is aluminum technology and using robots to mill out single-piece casings.” Page added that Catcher “buys robots from Fanuc Corp. 6954, -0.87% a Japanese company, which we also own in the portfolio. It is one of the leading robotics companies in the world.” AAC Technologies represents “another bit of the Apple supply chain,” Page said. The company makes acoustic components, including headphones and also haptic components, which provide vibration feedback to the user, and taptic components, which are touch-sensitive. A big concern for Apple is increasing competition from lower-cost Asian smartphone manufacturers, but Page said these companies would also be well-positioned to supply them. Still worthy of buying When asked to name a company whose stock is still valued low enough that he would consider building the fund’s position, Page mentioned Infineon Technologies AG IFX, -0.29%  of Munich. The company has “a very significant edge on their competitors, with some momentum with their earnings results.” The company makes automotive semiconductor components, and with the development of adaptive cruise control, entertainment systems and automation, “there is more and more silicon going into these cars,” Page said. “If you look forward, electric vehicles are likely to become a more significant portion of the market,” he said. “You have Tesla Inc. TSLA, +4.58% Apple and Uber and others looking at self-driving cars. The amount of silicon that will be required for those cars is going to grow exponentially, to a point.” More from MarketWatch: What to do when your biotechnology stock gets hit by takeover rumors Millennials ought to be 100% invested in stocks These out-of-favor oil stocks rose as much as 48% in 15 months — and there may be more gains Related Topics Markets U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Quote References SPX -2.46 -0.10% IWIRX +0.13 +0.34% NFLX +1.08 +0.69% 2018 +2.10 +1.91% EDU -0.18 -0.27% AMAT +0.50 +1.20% SMSN -11.00 -1.06% BA +0.89 +0.48% CHKP -0.28 -0.26% CTSH -0.11 -0.17% SAP +0.36 +0.35% QCOM +0.53 +0.97% IFX -0.05 -0.29% 2474 -8.00 -2.37% AAPL +0.98 +0.64% 6954 -200.00 -0.87% TSLA +14.07 +4.58% Show all references Most Popular Yelp plummets as advertisers revolt Dying man claims he just borrowed $325K to go all-in on bitcoin amid record highs More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Rushing to pay back a large student loan? You may want to think again Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.47% 30 yr fixed 3.96% 15 yr fixed 3.15% 10 yr fixed 3.05% 30 yr fixed refi 3.94% 15 yr fixed refi 3.13% 5/1 ARM 3.22% 5/1 ARM refi 3.36% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.85% $50K HELOC 4.9% $75K HELOC 4.9% $100K HELOC 4.66% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.21% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.31% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.61% MMA $10K+ 0.28% MMA $50K+ 0.4% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.42% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.08% 48 Mo Used Car 3.06% 36 Mo Used Car 3.31% 72 Mo New Car 2.95% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.1% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.70% 12.70% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.08% 15.08% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.87% 15.87% 15.24% Cash Back 15.89% 15.89% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.28% 18.28% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,396.92 -2.46 (-0.10%) Volume 1.9B Open 2,402 High 2,404 Low 2,392 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund;Investor U.S.: Mutual Funds: IWIRX $38.92 +0.13 (+0.34%) Volume 0 Open $38.92 High $38.92 Low $38.92 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.81 Market Cap N/A Netflix Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: NFLX $157.46 +1.08 (+0.69%) Volume 3.9M Open $156.10 High $157.85 Low $155.97 P/E Ratio 207.18 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 67.4B AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. Hong Kong: 2018 HK$111.80 +2.10 (+1.91%) Volume 6.8M Open HK$109.80 High HK$112.70 Low HK$109.40 P/E Ratio 29.38 Div Yield 2.09 Market Cap 133.2B New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc. ADR U.S.: NYSE: EDU $66.97 -0.18 (-0.27%) Volume 753.0K Open $67.23 High $68.10 Low $66.74 P/E Ratio 41.33 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 10.6B Applied Materials Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMAT $42.04 +0.50 (+1.20%) Volume 7.8M Open $41.82 High $42.25 Low $41.72 P/E Ratio 21.45 Div Yield 0.95 Market Cap 44.9B Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. GDR London IOB: SMSN $1,024.00 -11.00 (-1.06%) Volume 10000 Open $1,024 High $1,024 Low $1,024 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 322.5B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $186.91 +0.89 (+0.48%) Volume 2.7M Open $186.11 High $187.21 Low $186.05 P/E Ratio 22.91 Div Yield 3.04 Market Cap 112.3B Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. U.S.: Nasdaq: CHKP $106.04 -0.28 (-0.26%) Volume 655.4K Open $106.18 High $106.33 Low $106.00 P/E Ratio 24.49 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 17.4B Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: CTSH $64.17 -0.11 (-0.17%) Volume 3.4M Open $63.51 High $64.34 Low $63.39 P/E Ratio 23.42 Div Yield 0.94 Market Cap 37.9B SAP SE ADR U.S.: NYSE: SAP $103.67 +0.36 (+0.35%) Volume 857.7K Open $103.38 High $104.05 Low $103.35 P/E Ratio 31.84 Div Yield 1.28 Market Cap 126.5B Qualcomm Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: QCOM $55.15 +0.53 (+0.97%) Volume 8.1M Open $54.69 High $55.19 Low $54.63 P/E Ratio 18.38 Div Yield 4.13 Market Cap 80.7B Infineon Technologies AG Germany: Frankfurt: IFX €18.74 -0.05 (-0.29%) Volume 263 Open €18.74 High €18.74 Low €18.74 P/E Ratio 27.56 Div Yield 1.17 Market Cap 21.2B Catcher Technology Co. Ltd. Taiwan: 2474 NT$329.00 -8.00 (-2.37%) Volume 5.5M Open NT$335.00 High NT$336.00 Low NT$327.50 P/E Ratio 11.62 Div Yield 3.04 Market Cap 247.3B AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. Hong Kong: 2018 HK$111.80 +2.10 (+1.91%) Volume 6.8M Open HK$109.80 High HK$112.70 Low HK$109.40 P/E Ratio 29.38 Div Yield 2.09 Market Cap 133.2B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $153.99 +0.98 (+0.64%) Volume 35.5M Open $153.87 High $154.88 Low $153.45 P/E Ratio 18.01 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 797.8B Fanuc Corp. Japan: Tokyo: 6954 ¥22,895.00 -200.00 (-0.87%) Volume 1.0M Open ¥23,050 High ¥23,065 Low ¥22,820 P/E Ratio 34.76 Div Yield 1.5 Market Cap 4.7T Infineon Technologies AG Germany: Frankfurt: IFX €18.74 -0.05 (-0.29%) Volume 263 Open €18.74 High €18.74 Low €18.74 P/E Ratio 27.56 Div Yield 1.17 Market Cap 21.2B Tesla Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TSLA $321.26 +14.07 (+4.58%) Volume 9.6M Open $309.38 High $321.99 Low $309.10 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 50.1B
Latest News Dow 20,976 -36.50 -0.17% Nasdaq 6,121 +17.93 +0.29% S&P 500 2,397 -2.46 -0.10% 3:04 A.M. ET ING shares up 2.6% after profit report 3:04 A.M. ET Barratt Developments rises 2.3% after 2017 outlook 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.2% lower at 12,726 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,394.10 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens fractionally lower at 7,340.37 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens fractionally lower at 395.70 2:56 A.M. ET Updated The New York Times will take you on a tour and teach you all about Brexit for $6,000 2:50 A.M. ET Opinion The ECB should avoid the temptation to cancel QE 2:51 A.M. ET Eni profit jumps as oil prices rebound 2:50 A.M. ET Barratt sees 2017 profit at top end of views 2:49 A.M. ET AstraZeneca asthma drug misses primary endpoint 2:28 A.M. ET ITV maintains outlook even as revenue falls 2:27 A.M. ET U.K. regulator may probe Capita-Vodafone deal 2:27 A.M. ET BAE trading in line; backs 2017 guidance 2:26 A.M. ET AXA revenue nearly flat as revenue misses views 2:25 A.M. ET French Insurer AXA plans to list shares in U.S. 2:24 A.M. ET Suez confirms outlook at revenue rises 2:24 A.M. ET ING net profit slips, but pretax profit up 39% 2:22 A.M. ET Ahold Delhaize net sales rise 65% in first quarter 2:22 A.M. ET Germany posts record current-account surplus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Deep Dive Get email alerts This fund manager beats stock indices by finding ‘the next big thing’ with staying power By Philip van Doorn Published: May 9, 2017 8:33 p.m. ET Share ‘Sometimes good investments are not the exciting ones,’ says Guinness Atkinson’s Matthew Page Qilai Shen/Bloomberg A NextEV self-driving concept electric vehicle stands on display at the Auto Shanghai 2017 vehicle show. Self-driving cars are among new technology presenting tremendous opportunities to makers of electronic components, according to Matthew Page, co-manager of the Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund. By Philipvan Doorn Investing columnist Most mutual fund managers are unable to beat stock indices, so when a management team does so for many years, we want to know about it. Before we dig into the Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund, let’s recall Mark Hulbert’s discussion about how awful active managers’ track records have been when measured against the S&P 500 Index SPX, -0.10% “Over the last 15 years, 92.2% of large-cap funds lagged a simple S&P 500 fund,” MarketWatch’s Hulbert said. As its name implies, the Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund IWIRX, +0.34% aims for growth by investing in companies with competitive edges that translate into high returns on capital. “We think innovation can be applied across industries,” co-manager Matthew Page said in an interview May 5. “You have disruptive companies, but also companies that sustain themselves through innovation, and also continuous innovators.” He has been managing the fund with Ian Mortimer since 2010, and worked as the fund’s analyst before that, starting in 2005. The fund’s benchmark is the MSCI World Index. But Morningstar, which ranks the fund four of five stars, measures its performance against the S&P 500. Here’s how it has performed against both indices: Total return - 2017 through May 8 Average return - 3 years Average return - 5 years Average return - 10 years Average return - 15 years Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund - Investor Shares 13.4% 9.4% 16.3% 8.6% 10.0% MSCI World Index 7.9% 9.5% 13.4% 5.0% 6.7% S&P 500 Index 7.9% 10.7% 14.3% 7.1% 7.7% Sources: Morningstar, FactSet The fund’s average performance has trailed the indices for three years, but has outperformed both by significant margins for five, 10 and 15 years, putting it in exclusive company. Page said the fund is about 5% overweight U.S. stocks, relative to the MSCI World Index. Here’s the fund’s geographic breakdown as of March 31: Page said that for the managers of the fund, “innovation” can mean a new product or service, “technical or scientific ... a new chip or drug.” But he also looks for innovative or disruptive business models, “the likes of Netflix NFLX, +0.69%  or Uber.” Then the fund managers dig into a company’s numbers to see if they point to strong long-term financial performance. A hot new technological service or product may not mean there is a solid investment to be had. He said 3D printing is an example, saying he expects continual rapid growth for the industry. Still, “the companies that were available to invest in, in that area, were not high quality,” he said. Guinness Atkinson Funds Matthew Page, co-manager of the Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund. “So our edge is not trying to predict the next big thing, but trying to find the next entry point for companies — finding out which are hype cycles and which are good investments,” he said. “Sometimes good investments are not the exciting ones.” Fund holdings Here are the top 10 holdings of the Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund, as of March 31: Company Ticker Industry Total return - 2017 through May 5 Total return - 3 years Total return - 5 years AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. 2018, +1.91% Electronic Components 52% 152% 423% New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc. ADR EDU, -0.27% Private educational services in China 55% 178% 141% Applied Materials Inc. AMAT, +1.20% Electronic Production Equipment 30% 133% 314% Samsung Electronics Co. GDR SMSN, -1.06% Telecommunications Equipment 33% 58% 75% Boeing Co. BA, +0.48% Aerospace and Defense 20% 53% 177% Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. CHKP, -0.26% Internet Software/ Services 26% 66% 92% Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp. Class A CTSH, -0.17% Information Technology Services 13% 28% 82% SAP SE ADR SAP, +0.35% Software 20% 37% 76% Qualcomm Inc. QCOM, +0.97% Telecommunications Equipment -15% -24% 1% Infineon Technologies AG IFX, -0.29%   Semiconductors 15% 142% 189% Guinness Atkinson, FactSet Page discussed the broad theme of technological innovation for cars, communications equipment and appliances, and the increased use of robots. Recent purchase decisions have leaned toward Asia, but Page stressed: “We are very much bottom-up stock pickers,” meaning the managers are more focused on individual companies’ attributes, not geographic regions. “So this is not a broad view of Asia, but a lot of what makes Asia cheap is the valuations of banks and financial companies, which make up a lot of the benchmark,” he said. “So it was a combination of Asia stocks looking cheap and these companies’ valuations giving us good starting points. We have subsequently seen a re-rating. I would not necessarily bang on the table to buy more at this point in time, but I am sort of happy with what we’ve got at the moment.” He was referring to Catcher Technology Co. Ltd. 2474, -2.37% of Taiwan, the fund’s most recently purchased holding, and AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. 2018, +1.91%  of Shenzhen, China. Those stocks were picked up at “attractive valuations,” Page said, because of concern over Apple iPhone sales. Both are suppliers of components to Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.64% and to other smartphone makers. With shares of Apple returning 29% this year through May 5, while Catcher is up 39% and AAC is up 52%, he said he would “actually be trimming them back at these levels” if there were new money to invest. But it’s important to keep in mind how often concerns over Apple, as expressed in breathless media headlines, have pushed down its stock and shares of its suppliers. There may be another period of attractive entry points for these stocks. Catcher makes unibody aluminum cases for Apple’s  MacBook Air and MacBook Pro. Page said that in this niche, the company has “sufficient scale that no other competitor can [really] compete with them. The key is aluminum technology and using robots to mill out single-piece casings.” Page added that Catcher “buys robots from Fanuc Corp. 6954, -0.87% a Japanese company, which we also own in the portfolio. It is one of the leading robotics companies in the world.” AAC Technologies represents “another bit of the Apple supply chain,” Page said. The company makes acoustic components, including headphones and also haptic components, which provide vibration feedback to the user, and taptic components, which are touch-sensitive. A big concern for Apple is increasing competition from lower-cost Asian smartphone manufacturers, but Page said these companies would also be well-positioned to supply them. Still worthy of buying When asked to name a company whose stock is still valued low enough that he would consider building the fund’s position, Page mentioned Infineon Technologies AG IFX, -0.29%  of Munich. The company has “a very significant edge on their competitors, with some momentum with their earnings results.” The company makes automotive semiconductor components, and with the development of adaptive cruise control, entertainment systems and automation, “there is more and more silicon going into these cars,” Page said. “If you look forward, electric vehicles are likely to become a more significant portion of the market,” he said. “You have Tesla Inc. TSLA, +4.58% Apple and Uber and others looking at self-driving cars. The amount of silicon that will be required for those cars is going to grow exponentially, to a point.” More from MarketWatch: What to do when your biotechnology stock gets hit by takeover rumors Millennials ought to be 100% invested in stocks These out-of-favor oil stocks rose as much as 48% in 15 months — and there may be more gains Related Topics Markets U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Quote References SPX -2.46 -0.10% IWIRX +0.13 +0.34% NFLX +1.08 +0.69% 2018 +2.10 +1.91% EDU -0.18 -0.27% AMAT +0.50 +1.20% SMSN -11.00 -1.06% BA +0.89 +0.48% CHKP -0.28 -0.26% CTSH -0.11 -0.17% SAP +0.36 +0.35% QCOM +0.53 +0.97% IFX -0.05 -0.29% 2474 -8.00 -2.37% AAPL +0.98 +0.64% 6954 -200.00 -0.87% TSLA +14.07 +4.58% Show all references Most Popular Yelp plummets as advertisers revolt Dying man claims he just borrowed $325K to go all-in on bitcoin amid record highs More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Rushing to pay back a large student loan? You may want to think again Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.47% 30 yr fixed 3.96% 15 yr fixed 3.15% 10 yr fixed 3.05% 30 yr fixed refi 3.94% 15 yr fixed refi 3.13% 5/1 ARM 3.22% 5/1 ARM refi 3.36% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.85% $50K HELOC 4.9% $75K HELOC 4.9% $100K HELOC 4.66% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.21% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.31% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.61% MMA $10K+ 0.28% MMA $50K+ 0.4% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.42% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.08% 48 Mo Used Car 3.06% 36 Mo Used Car 3.31% 72 Mo New Car 2.95% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.1% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.70% 12.70% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.08% 15.08% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.87% 15.87% 15.24% Cash Back 15.89% 15.89% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.28% 18.28% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,396.92 -2.46 (-0.10%) Volume 1.9B Open 2,402 High 2,404 Low 2,392 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund;Investor U.S.: Mutual Funds: IWIRX $38.92 +0.13 (+0.34%) Volume 0 Open $38.92 High $38.92 Low $38.92 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.81 Market Cap N/A Netflix Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: NFLX $157.46 +1.08 (+0.69%) Volume 3.9M Open $156.10 High $157.85 Low $155.97 P/E Ratio 207.18 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 67.4B AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. Hong Kong: 2018 HK$111.80 +2.10 (+1.91%) Volume 6.8M Open HK$109.80 High HK$112.70 Low HK$109.40 P/E Ratio 29.38 Div Yield 2.09 Market Cap 133.2B New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc. ADR U.S.: NYSE: EDU $66.97 -0.18 (-0.27%) Volume 753.0K Open $67.23 High $68.10 Low $66.74 P/E Ratio 41.33 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 10.6B Applied Materials Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMAT $42.04 +0.50 (+1.20%) Volume 7.8M Open $41.82 High $42.25 Low $41.72 P/E Ratio 21.45 Div Yield 0.95 Market Cap 44.9B Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. GDR London IOB: SMSN $1,024.00 -11.00 (-1.06%) Volume 10000 Open $1,024 High $1,024 Low $1,024 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 322.5B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $186.91 +0.89 (+0.48%) Volume 2.7M Open $186.11 High $187.21 Low $186.05 P/E Ratio 22.91 Div Yield 3.04 Market Cap 112.3B Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. U.S.: Nasdaq: CHKP $106.04 -0.28 (-0.26%) Volume 655.4K Open $106.18 High $106.33 Low $106.00 P/E Ratio 24.49 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 17.4B Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: CTSH $64.17 -0.11 (-0.17%) Volume 3.4M Open $63.51 High $64.34 Low $63.39 P/E Ratio 23.42 Div Yield 0.94 Market Cap 37.9B SAP SE ADR U.S.: NYSE: SAP $103.67 +0.36 (+0.35%) Volume 857.7K Open $103.38 High $104.05 Low $103.35 P/E Ratio 31.84 Div Yield 1.28 Market Cap 126.5B Qualcomm Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: QCOM $55.15 +0.53 (+0.97%) Volume 8.1M Open $54.69 High $55.19 Low $54.63 P/E Ratio 18.38 Div Yield 4.13 Market Cap 80.7B Infineon Technologies AG Germany: Frankfurt: IFX €18.74 -0.05 (-0.29%) Volume 263 Open €18.74 High €18.74 Low €18.74 P/E Ratio 27.56 Div Yield 1.17 Market Cap 21.2B Catcher Technology Co. Ltd. Taiwan: 2474 NT$329.00 -8.00 (-2.37%) Volume 5.5M Open NT$335.00 High NT$336.00 Low NT$327.50 P/E Ratio 11.62 Div Yield 3.04 Market Cap 247.3B AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. Hong Kong: 2018 HK$111.80 +2.10 (+1.91%) Volume 6.8M Open HK$109.80 High HK$112.70 Low HK$109.40 P/E Ratio 29.38 Div Yield 2.09 Market Cap 133.2B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $153.99 +0.98 (+0.64%) Volume 35.5M Open $153.87 High $154.88 Low $153.45 P/E Ratio 18.01 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 797.8B Fanuc Corp. Japan: Tokyo: 6954 ¥22,895.00 -200.00 (-0.87%) Volume 1.0M Open ¥23,050 High ¥23,065 Low ¥22,820 P/E Ratio 34.76 Div Yield 1.5 Market Cap 4.7T Infineon Technologies AG Germany: Frankfurt: IFX €18.74 -0.05 (-0.29%) Volume 263 Open €18.74 High €18.74 Low €18.74 P/E Ratio 27.56 Div Yield 1.17 Market Cap 21.2B Tesla Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TSLA $321.26 +14.07 (+4.58%) Volume 9.6M Open $309.38 High $321.99 Low $309.10 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 50.1B
Latest News Dow 20,976 -36.50 -0.17% Nasdaq 6,121 +17.93 +0.29% S&P 500 2,397 -2.46 -0.10% 3:04 A.M. ET ING shares up 2.6% after profit report 3:04 A.M. ET Barratt Developments rises 2.3% after 2017 outlook 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.2% lower at 12,726 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,394.10 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens fractionally lower at 7,340.37 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens fractionally lower at 395.70 2:56 A.M. ET Updated The New York Times will take you on a tour and teach you all about Brexit for $6,000 2:50 A.M. ET Opinion The ECB should avoid the temptation to cancel QE 2:51 A.M. ET Eni profit jumps as oil prices rebound 2:50 A.M. ET Barratt sees 2017 profit at top end of views 2:49 A.M. ET AstraZeneca asthma drug misses primary endpoint 2:28 A.M. ET ITV maintains outlook even as revenue falls 2:27 A.M. ET U.K. regulator may probe Capita-Vodafone deal 2:27 A.M. ET BAE trading in line; backs 2017 guidance 2:26 A.M. ET AXA revenue nearly flat as revenue misses views 2:25 A.M. ET French Insurer AXA plans to list shares in U.S. 2:24 A.M. ET Suez confirms outlook at revenue rises 2:24 A.M. ET ING net profit slips, but pretax profit up 39% 2:22 A.M. ET Ahold Delhaize net sales rise 65% in first quarter 2:22 A.M. ET Germany posts record current-account surplus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Deep Dive Get email alerts This fund manager beats stock indices by finding ‘the next big thing’ with staying power By Philip van Doorn Published: May 9, 2017 8:33 p.m. ET Share ‘Sometimes good investments are not the exciting ones,’ says Guinness Atkinson’s Matthew Page Qilai Shen/Bloomberg A NextEV self-driving concept electric vehicle stands on display at the Auto Shanghai 2017 vehicle show. Self-driving cars are among new technology presenting tremendous opportunities to makers of electronic components, according to Matthew Page, co-manager of the Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund. By Philipvan Doorn Investing columnist Most mutual fund managers are unable to beat stock indices, so when a management team does so for many years, we want to know about it. Before we dig into the Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund, let’s recall Mark Hulbert’s discussion about how awful active managers’ track records have been when measured against the S&P 500 Index SPX, -0.10% “Over the last 15 years, 92.2% of large-cap funds lagged a simple S&P 500 fund,” MarketWatch’s Hulbert said. As its name implies, the Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund IWIRX, +0.34% aims for growth by investing in companies with competitive edges that translate into high returns on capital. “We think innovation can be applied across industries,” co-manager Matthew Page said in an interview May 5. “You have disruptive companies, but also companies that sustain themselves through innovation, and also continuous innovators.” He has been managing the fund with Ian Mortimer since 2010, and worked as the fund’s analyst before that, starting in 2005. The fund’s benchmark is the MSCI World Index. But Morningstar, which ranks the fund four of five stars, measures its performance against the S&P 500. Here’s how it has performed against both indices: Total return - 2017 through May 8 Average return - 3 years Average return - 5 years Average return - 10 years Average return - 15 years Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund - Investor Shares 13.4% 9.4% 16.3% 8.6% 10.0% MSCI World Index 7.9% 9.5% 13.4% 5.0% 6.7% S&P 500 Index 7.9% 10.7% 14.3% 7.1% 7.7% Sources: Morningstar, FactSet The fund’s average performance has trailed the indices for three years, but has outperformed both by significant margins for five, 10 and 15 years, putting it in exclusive company. Page said the fund is about 5% overweight U.S. stocks, relative to the MSCI World Index. Here’s the fund’s geographic breakdown as of March 31: Page said that for the managers of the fund, “innovation” can mean a new product or service, “technical or scientific ... a new chip or drug.” But he also looks for innovative or disruptive business models, “the likes of Netflix NFLX, +0.69%  or Uber.” Then the fund managers dig into a company’s numbers to see if they point to strong long-term financial performance. A hot new technological service or product may not mean there is a solid investment to be had. He said 3D printing is an example, saying he expects continual rapid growth for the industry. Still, “the companies that were available to invest in, in that area, were not high quality,” he said. Guinness Atkinson Funds Matthew Page, co-manager of the Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund. “So our edge is not trying to predict the next big thing, but trying to find the next entry point for companies — finding out which are hype cycles and which are good investments,” he said. “Sometimes good investments are not the exciting ones.” Fund holdings Here are the top 10 holdings of the Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund, as of March 31: Company Ticker Industry Total return - 2017 through May 5 Total return - 3 years Total return - 5 years AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. 2018, +1.73% Electronic Components 52% 152% 423% New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc. ADR EDU, -0.27% Private educational services in China 55% 178% 141% Applied Materials Inc. AMAT, +1.20% Electronic Production Equipment 30% 133% 314% Samsung Electronics Co. GDR SMSN, -1.06% Telecommunications Equipment 33% 58% 75% Boeing Co. BA, +0.48% Aerospace and Defense 20% 53% 177% Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. CHKP, -0.26% Internet Software/ Services 26% 66% 92% Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp. Class A CTSH, -0.17% Information Technology Services 13% 28% 82% SAP SE ADR SAP, +0.35% Software 20% 37% 76% Qualcomm Inc. QCOM, +0.97% Telecommunications Equipment -15% -24% 1% Infineon Technologies AG IFX, -0.29%   Semiconductors 15% 142% 189% Guinness Atkinson, FactSet Page discussed the broad theme of technological innovation for cars, communications equipment and appliances, and the increased use of robots. Recent purchase decisions have leaned toward Asia, but Page stressed: “We are very much bottom-up stock pickers,” meaning the managers are more focused on individual companies’ attributes, not geographic regions. “So this is not a broad view of Asia, but a lot of what makes Asia cheap is the valuations of banks and financial companies, which make up a lot of the benchmark,” he said. “So it was a combination of Asia stocks looking cheap and these companies’ valuations giving us good starting points. We have subsequently seen a re-rating. I would not necessarily bang on the table to buy more at this point in time, but I am sort of happy with what we’ve got at the moment.” He was referring to Catcher Technology Co. Ltd. 2474, -2.37% of Taiwan, the fund’s most recently purchased holding, and AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. 2018, +1.73%  of Shenzhen, China. Those stocks were picked up at “attractive valuations,” Page said, because of concern over Apple iPhone sales. Both are suppliers of components to Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.64% and to other smartphone makers. With shares of Apple returning 29% this year through May 5, while Catcher is up 39% and AAC is up 52%, he said he would “actually be trimming them back at these levels” if there were new money to invest. But it’s important to keep in mind how often concerns over Apple, as expressed in breathless media headlines, have pushed down its stock and shares of its suppliers. There may be another period of attractive entry points for these stocks. Catcher makes unibody aluminum cases for Apple’s  MacBook Air and MacBook Pro. Page said that in this niche, the company has “sufficient scale that no other competitor can [really] compete with them. The key is aluminum technology and using robots to mill out single-piece casings.” Page added that Catcher “buys robots from Fanuc Corp. 6954, -0.87% a Japanese company, which we also own in the portfolio. It is one of the leading robotics companies in the world.” AAC Technologies represents “another bit of the Apple supply chain,” Page said. The company makes acoustic components, including headphones and also haptic components, which provide vibration feedback to the user, and taptic components, which are touch-sensitive. A big concern for Apple is increasing competition from lower-cost Asian smartphone manufacturers, but Page said these companies would also be well-positioned to supply them. Still worthy of buying When asked to name a company whose stock is still valued low enough that he would consider building the fund’s position, Page mentioned Infineon Technologies AG IFX, -0.29%  of Munich. The company has “a very significant edge on their competitors, with some momentum with their earnings results.” The company makes automotive semiconductor components, and with the development of adaptive cruise control, entertainment systems and automation, “there is more and more silicon going into these cars,” Page said. “If you look forward, electric vehicles are likely to become a more significant portion of the market,” he said. “You have Tesla Inc. TSLA, +4.58% Apple and Uber and others looking at self-driving cars. The amount of silicon that will be required for those cars is going to grow exponentially, to a point.” More from MarketWatch: What to do when your biotechnology stock gets hit by takeover rumors Millennials ought to be 100% invested in stocks These out-of-favor oil stocks rose as much as 48% in 15 months — and there may be more gains Related Topics Markets U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Quote References SPX -2.46 -0.10% IWIRX +0.13 +0.34% NFLX +1.08 +0.69% 2018 +1.90 +1.73% EDU -0.18 -0.27% AMAT +0.50 +1.20% SMSN -11.00 -1.06% BA +0.89 +0.48% CHKP -0.28 -0.26% CTSH -0.11 -0.17% SAP +0.36 +0.35% QCOM +0.53 +0.97% IFX -0.05 -0.29% 2474 -8.00 -2.37% AAPL +0.98 +0.64% 6954 -200.00 -0.87% TSLA +14.07 +4.58% Show all references Most Popular Yelp plummets as advertisers revolt Dying man claims he just borrowed $325K to go all-in on bitcoin amid record highs More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Rushing to pay back a large student loan? You may want to think again Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.47% 30 yr fixed 3.96% 15 yr fixed 3.15% 10 yr fixed 3.05% 30 yr fixed refi 3.94% 15 yr fixed refi 3.13% 5/1 ARM 3.22% 5/1 ARM refi 3.36% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.85% $50K HELOC 4.9% $75K HELOC 4.9% $100K HELOC 4.66% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.21% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.31% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.61% MMA $10K+ 0.28% MMA $50K+ 0.4% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.42% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.08% 48 Mo Used Car 3.06% 36 Mo Used Car 3.31% 72 Mo New Car 2.95% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.1% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.70% 12.70% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.08% 15.08% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.87% 15.87% 15.24% Cash Back 15.89% 15.89% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.28% 18.28% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,396.92 -2.46 (-0.10%) Volume 1.9B Open 2,402 High 2,404 Low 2,392 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund;Investor U.S.: Mutual Funds: IWIRX $38.92 +0.13 (+0.34%) Volume 0 Open $38.92 High $38.92 Low $38.92 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.81 Market Cap N/A Netflix Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: NFLX $157.46 +1.08 (+0.69%) Volume 3.9M Open $156.10 High $157.85 Low $155.97 P/E Ratio 207.18 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 67.4B AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. Hong Kong: 2018 HK$111.60 +1.90 (+1.73%) Volume 6.8M Open HK$109.80 High HK$112.70 Low HK$109.40 P/E Ratio 29.32 Div Yield 2.1 Market Cap 133.2B New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc. ADR U.S.: NYSE: EDU $66.97 -0.18 (-0.27%) Volume 753.0K Open $67.23 High $68.10 Low $66.74 P/E Ratio 41.33 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 10.6B Applied Materials Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMAT $42.04 +0.50 (+1.20%) Volume 7.8M Open $41.82 High $42.25 Low $41.72 P/E Ratio 21.45 Div Yield 0.95 Market Cap 44.9B Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. GDR London IOB: SMSN $1,024.00 -11.00 (-1.06%) Volume 10000 Open $1,024 High $1,024 Low $1,024 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 322.5B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $186.91 +0.89 (+0.48%) Volume 2.7M Open $186.11 High $187.21 Low $186.05 P/E Ratio 22.91 Div Yield 3.04 Market Cap 112.3B Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. U.S.: Nasdaq: CHKP $106.04 -0.28 (-0.26%) Volume 655.4K Open $106.18 High $106.33 Low $106.00 P/E Ratio 24.49 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 17.4B Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: CTSH $64.17 -0.11 (-0.17%) Volume 3.4M Open $63.51 High $64.34 Low $63.39 P/E Ratio 23.42 Div Yield 0.94 Market Cap 37.9B SAP SE ADR U.S.: NYSE: SAP $103.67 +0.36 (+0.35%) Volume 857.7K Open $103.38 High $104.05 Low $103.35 P/E Ratio 31.84 Div Yield 1.28 Market Cap 126.5B Qualcomm Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: QCOM $55.15 +0.53 (+0.97%) Volume 8.1M Open $54.69 High $55.19 Low $54.63 P/E Ratio 18.38 Div Yield 4.13 Market Cap 80.7B Infineon Technologies AG Germany: Frankfurt: IFX €18.74 -0.05 (-0.29%) Volume 263 Open €18.74 High €18.74 Low €18.74 P/E Ratio 27.56 Div Yield 1.17 Market Cap 21.2B Catcher Technology Co. Ltd. Taiwan: 2474 NT$329.00 -8.00 (-2.37%) Volume 5.5M Open NT$335.00 High NT$336.00 Low NT$327.50 P/E Ratio 11.62 Div Yield 3.04 Market Cap 247.3B AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. Hong Kong: 2018 HK$111.60 +1.90 (+1.73%) Volume 6.8M Open HK$109.80 High HK$112.70 Low HK$109.40 P/E Ratio 29.32 Div Yield 2.1 Market Cap 133.2B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $153.99 +0.98 (+0.64%) Volume 35.5M Open $153.87 High $154.88 Low $153.45 P/E Ratio 18.01 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 797.8B Fanuc Corp. Japan: Tokyo: 6954 ¥22,895.00 -200.00 (-0.87%) Volume 1.0M Open ¥23,050 High ¥23,065 Low ¥22,820 P/E Ratio 34.76 Div Yield 1.5 Market Cap 4.7T Infineon Technologies AG Germany: Frankfurt: IFX €18.74 -0.05 (-0.29%) Volume 263 Open €18.74 High €18.74 Low €18.74 P/E Ratio 27.56 Div Yield 1.17 Market Cap 21.2B Tesla Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TSLA $321.26 +14.07 (+4.58%) Volume 9.6M Open $309.38 High $321.99 Low $309.10 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 50.1B
Latest News Dow 20,976 -36.50 -0.17% Nasdaq 6,121 +17.93 +0.29% S&P 500 2,397 -2.46 -0.10% 3:04 A.M. ET ING shares up 2.6% after profit report 3:04 A.M. ET Barratt Developments rises 2.3% after 2017 outlook 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.2% lower at 12,726 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,394.10 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens fractionally lower at 7,340.37 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens fractionally lower at 395.70 2:56 A.M. ET Updated The New York Times will take you on a tour and teach you all about Brexit for $6,000 2:50 A.M. ET Opinion The ECB should avoid the temptation to cancel QE 2:51 A.M. ET Eni profit jumps as oil prices rebound 2:50 A.M. ET Barratt sees 2017 profit at top end of views 2:49 A.M. ET AstraZeneca asthma drug misses primary endpoint 2:28 A.M. ET ITV maintains outlook even as revenue falls 2:27 A.M. ET U.K. regulator may probe Capita-Vodafone deal 2:27 A.M. ET BAE trading in line; backs 2017 guidance 2:26 A.M. ET AXA revenue nearly flat as revenue misses views 2:25 A.M. ET French Insurer AXA plans to list shares in U.S. 2:24 A.M. ET Suez confirms outlook at revenue rises 2:24 A.M. ET ING net profit slips, but pretax profit up 39% 2:22 A.M. ET Ahold Delhaize net sales rise 65% in first quarter 2:22 A.M. ET Germany posts record current-account surplus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Deep Dive Get email alerts This fund manager beats stock indices by finding ‘the next big thing’ with staying power By Philip van Doorn Published: May 9, 2017 8:33 p.m. ET Share ‘Sometimes good investments are not the exciting ones,’ says Guinness Atkinson’s Matthew Page Qilai Shen/Bloomberg A NextEV self-driving concept electric vehicle stands on display at the Auto Shanghai 2017 vehicle show. Self-driving cars are among new technology presenting tremendous opportunities to makers of electronic components, according to Matthew Page, co-manager of the Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund. By Philipvan Doorn Investing columnist Most mutual fund managers are unable to beat stock indices, so when a management team does so for many years, we want to know about it. Before we dig into the Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund, let’s recall Mark Hulbert’s discussion about how awful active managers’ track records have been when measured against the S&P 500 Index SPX, -0.10% “Over the last 15 years, 92.2% of large-cap funds lagged a simple S&P 500 fund,” MarketWatch’s Hulbert said. As its name implies, the Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund IWIRX, +0.34% aims for growth by investing in companies with competitive edges that translate into high returns on capital. “We think innovation can be applied across industries,” co-manager Matthew Page said in an interview May 5. “You have disruptive companies, but also companies that sustain themselves through innovation, and also continuous innovators.” He has been managing the fund with Ian Mortimer since 2010, and worked as the fund’s analyst before that, starting in 2005. The fund’s benchmark is the MSCI World Index. But Morningstar, which ranks the fund four of five stars, measures its performance against the S&P 500. Here’s how it has performed against both indices: Total return - 2017 through May 8 Average return - 3 years Average return - 5 years Average return - 10 years Average return - 15 years Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund - Investor Shares 13.4% 9.4% 16.3% 8.6% 10.0% MSCI World Index 7.9% 9.5% 13.4% 5.0% 6.7% S&P 500 Index 7.9% 10.7% 14.3% 7.1% 7.7% Sources: Morningstar, FactSet The fund’s average performance has trailed the indices for three years, but has outperformed both by significant margins for five, 10 and 15 years, putting it in exclusive company. Page said the fund is about 5% overweight U.S. stocks, relative to the MSCI World Index. Here’s the fund’s geographic breakdown as of March 31: Page said that for the managers of the fund, “innovation” can mean a new product or service, “technical or scientific ... a new chip or drug.” But he also looks for innovative or disruptive business models, “the likes of Netflix NFLX, +0.69%  or Uber.” Then the fund managers dig into a company’s numbers to see if they point to strong long-term financial performance. A hot new technological service or product may not mean there is a solid investment to be had. He said 3D printing is an example, saying he expects continual rapid growth for the industry. Still, “the companies that were available to invest in, in that area, were not high quality,” he said. Guinness Atkinson Funds Matthew Page, co-manager of the Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund. “So our edge is not trying to predict the next big thing, but trying to find the next entry point for companies — finding out which are hype cycles and which are good investments,” he said. “Sometimes good investments are not the exciting ones.” Fund holdings Here are the top 10 holdings of the Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund, as of March 31: Company Ticker Industry Total return - 2017 through May 5 Total return - 3 years Total return - 5 years AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. 2018, +1.73% Electronic Components 52% 152% 423% New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc. ADR EDU, -0.27% Private educational services in China 55% 178% 141% Applied Materials Inc. AMAT, +1.20% Electronic Production Equipment 30% 133% 314% Samsung Electronics Co. GDR SMSN, -1.06% Telecommunications Equipment 33% 58% 75% Boeing Co. BA, +0.48% Aerospace and Defense 20% 53% 177% Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. CHKP, -0.26% Internet Software/ Services 26% 66% 92% Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp. Class A CTSH, -0.17% Information Technology Services 13% 28% 82% SAP SE ADR SAP, +0.35% Software 20% 37% 76% Qualcomm Inc. QCOM, +0.97% Telecommunications Equipment -15% -24% 1% Infineon Technologies AG IFX, -0.29%   Semiconductors 15% 142% 189% Guinness Atkinson, FactSet Page discussed the broad theme of technological innovation for cars, communications equipment and appliances, and the increased use of robots. Recent purchase decisions have leaned toward Asia, but Page stressed: “We are very much bottom-up stock pickers,” meaning the managers are more focused on individual companies’ attributes, not geographic regions. “So this is not a broad view of Asia, but a lot of what makes Asia cheap is the valuations of banks and financial companies, which make up a lot of the benchmark,” he said. “So it was a combination of Asia stocks looking cheap and these companies’ valuations giving us good starting points. We have subsequently seen a re-rating. I would not necessarily bang on the table to buy more at this point in time, but I am sort of happy with what we’ve got at the moment.” He was referring to Catcher Technology Co. Ltd. 2474, -2.37% of Taiwan, the fund’s most recently purchased holding, and AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. 2018, +1.73%  of Shenzhen, China. Those stocks were picked up at “attractive valuations,” Page said, because of concern over Apple iPhone sales. Both are suppliers of components to Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.64% and to other smartphone makers. With shares of Apple returning 29% this year through May 5, while Catcher is up 39% and AAC is up 52%, he said he would “actually be trimming them back at these levels” if there were new money to invest. But it’s important to keep in mind how often concerns over Apple, as expressed in breathless media headlines, have pushed down its stock and shares of its suppliers. There may be another period of attractive entry points for these stocks. Catcher makes unibody aluminum cases for Apple’s  MacBook Air and MacBook Pro. Page said that in this niche, the company has “sufficient scale that no other competitor can [really] compete with them. The key is aluminum technology and using robots to mill out single-piece casings.” Page added that Catcher “buys robots from Fanuc Corp. 6954, -0.87% a Japanese company, which we also own in the portfolio. It is one of the leading robotics companies in the world.” AAC Technologies represents “another bit of the Apple supply chain,” Page said. The company makes acoustic components, including headphones and also haptic components, which provide vibration feedback to the user, and taptic components, which are touch-sensitive. A big concern for Apple is increasing competition from lower-cost Asian smartphone manufacturers, but Page said these companies would also be well-positioned to supply them. Still worthy of buying When asked to name a company whose stock is still valued low enough that he would consider building the fund’s position, Page mentioned Infineon Technologies AG IFX, -0.29%  of Munich. The company has “a very significant edge on their competitors, with some momentum with their earnings results.” The company makes automotive semiconductor components, and with the development of adaptive cruise control, entertainment systems and automation, “there is more and more silicon going into these cars,” Page said. “If you look forward, electric vehicles are likely to become a more significant portion of the market,” he said. “You have Tesla Inc. TSLA, +4.58% Apple and Uber and others looking at self-driving cars. The amount of silicon that will be required for those cars is going to grow exponentially, to a point.” More from MarketWatch: What to do when your biotechnology stock gets hit by takeover rumors Millennials ought to be 100% invested in stocks These out-of-favor oil stocks rose as much as 48% in 15 months — and there may be more gains Related Topics Markets U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Quote References SPX -2.46 -0.10% IWIRX +0.13 +0.34% NFLX +1.08 +0.69% 2018 +1.90 +1.73% EDU -0.18 -0.27% AMAT +0.50 +1.20% SMSN -11.00 -1.06% BA +0.89 +0.48% CHKP -0.28 -0.26% CTSH -0.11 -0.17% SAP +0.36 +0.35% QCOM +0.53 +0.97% IFX -0.05 -0.29% 2474 -8.00 -2.37% AAPL +0.98 +0.64% 6954 -200.00 -0.87% TSLA +14.07 +4.58% Show all references Most Popular Yelp plummets as advertisers revolt Dying man claims he just borrowed $325K to go all-in on bitcoin amid record highs More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Rushing to pay back a large student loan? You may want to think again Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.47% 30 yr fixed 3.96% 15 yr fixed 3.15% 10 yr fixed 3.05% 30 yr fixed refi 3.94% 15 yr fixed refi 3.13% 5/1 ARM 3.22% 5/1 ARM refi 3.36% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.85% $50K HELOC 4.9% $75K HELOC 4.9% $100K HELOC 4.66% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.21% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.31% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.61% MMA $10K+ 0.28% MMA $50K+ 0.4% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.42% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.08% 48 Mo Used Car 3.06% 36 Mo Used Car 3.31% 72 Mo New Car 2.95% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.1% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.70% 12.70% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.08% 15.08% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.87% 15.87% 15.24% Cash Back 15.89% 15.89% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.28% 18.28% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,396.92 -2.46 (-0.10%) Volume 1.9B Open 2,402 High 2,404 Low 2,392 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Guinness Atkinson Global Innovators Fund;Investor U.S.: Mutual Funds: IWIRX $38.92 +0.13 (+0.34%) Volume 0 Open $38.92 High $38.92 Low $38.92 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.81 Market Cap N/A Netflix Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: NFLX $157.46 +1.08 (+0.69%) Volume 3.9M Open $156.10 High $157.85 Low $155.97 P/E Ratio 207.18 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 67.4B AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. Hong Kong: 2018 HK$111.60 +1.90 (+1.73%) Volume 6.8M Open HK$109.80 High HK$112.70 Low HK$109.40 P/E Ratio 29.32 Div Yield 2.1 Market Cap 133.2B New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc. ADR U.S.: NYSE: EDU $66.97 -0.18 (-0.27%) Volume 753.0K Open $67.23 High $68.10 Low $66.74 P/E Ratio 41.33 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 10.6B Applied Materials Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMAT $42.04 +0.50 (+1.20%) Volume 7.8M Open $41.82 High $42.25 Low $41.72 P/E Ratio 21.45 Div Yield 0.95 Market Cap 44.9B Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. GDR London IOB: SMSN $1,024.00 -11.00 (-1.06%) Volume 10000 Open $1,024 High $1,024 Low $1,024 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 322.5B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $186.91 +0.89 (+0.48%) Volume 2.7M Open $186.11 High $187.21 Low $186.05 P/E Ratio 22.91 Div Yield 3.04 Market Cap 112.3B Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. U.S.: Nasdaq: CHKP $106.04 -0.28 (-0.26%) Volume 655.4K Open $106.18 High $106.33 Low $106.00 P/E Ratio 24.49 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 17.4B Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: CTSH $64.17 -0.11 (-0.17%) Volume 3.4M Open $63.51 High $64.34 Low $63.39 P/E Ratio 23.42 Div Yield 0.94 Market Cap 37.9B SAP SE ADR U.S.: NYSE: SAP $103.67 +0.36 (+0.35%) Volume 857.7K Open $103.38 High $104.05 Low $103.35 P/E Ratio 31.84 Div Yield 1.28 Market Cap 126.5B Qualcomm Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: QCOM $55.15 +0.53 (+0.97%) Volume 8.1M Open $54.69 High $55.19 Low $54.63 P/E Ratio 18.38 Div Yield 4.13 Market Cap 80.7B Infineon Technologies AG Germany: Frankfurt: IFX €18.74 -0.05 (-0.29%) Volume 263 Open €18.74 High €18.74 Low €18.74 P/E Ratio 27.56 Div Yield 1.17 Market Cap 21.2B Catcher Technology Co. Ltd. Taiwan: 2474 NT$329.00 -8.00 (-2.37%) Volume 5.5M Open NT$335.00 High NT$336.00 Low NT$327.50 P/E Ratio 11.62 Div Yield 3.04 Market Cap 247.3B AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. Hong Kong: 2018 HK$111.60 +1.90 (+1.73%) Volume 6.8M Open HK$109.80 High HK$112.70 Low HK$109.40 P/E Ratio 29.32 Div Yield 2.1 Market Cap 133.2B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $153.99 +0.98 (+0.64%) Volume 35.5M Open $153.87 High $154.88 Low $153.45 P/E Ratio 18.01 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 797.8B Fanuc Corp. Japan: Tokyo: 6954 ¥22,895.00 -200.00 (-0.87%) Volume 1.0M Open ¥23,050 High ¥23,065 Low ¥22,820 P/E Ratio 34.76 Div Yield 1.5 Market Cap 4.7T Infineon Technologies AG Germany: Frankfurt: IFX €18.74 -0.05 (-0.29%) Volume 263 Open €18.74 High €18.74 Low €18.74 P/E Ratio 27.56 Div Yield 1.17 Market Cap 21.2B Tesla Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TSLA $321.26 +14.07 (+4.58%) Volume 9.6M Open $309.38 High $321.99 Low $309.10 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 50.1B
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global UAV Drones Market is Anticipated to Reach $22.15 billion by 2022 – Orbis Research Orbis Research According to Stratistics MRC, the Global UAV Drones market is estimated at $5.93 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $22.15 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 20.7% from 2015 to 2022. Increasing demand in military applications to fight against terrorism and rising demand for actionable intelligence are the major factors propelling the market growth. Whereas privacy concerns owing to stringent government regulations and lack of professional pilots are the factors hampering the market growth. Controlling accidents of the drones is the major challenge factor for the market. Browse the report: www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/uav-drones-global-mar… In commercial application, media and entertainment holds the largest share in market owing to its usage by professionals in capturing images and videos in the areas where they can’t reach. Agricultural application is expected to move at faster phase during forecast period. Whereas in military drones, border security segment accounted for the largest share owing to usage of drones in guarding borders and for combat missions. Spying segment is anticipated to have the lucrative share during forecast period. North America dominated the global market for UAV Drones in 2015. North America has used UAV drones in wars against terrorism and in atmospheric research for collection of samples that has made this region to hold largest market share. Asia Pacific will experience the fastest growth in the coming few years. Some of the key players in the market include The Boeing Company, Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd., Precisionhawk, BAE Systems PLC, Northrop Grumman Corp., Elbit Systems Ltd., Lockheed Martin Corp., Aerovironment, Inc., Thales SA, 3DR, Flir Systems, Inc., DJI, Parrot SA, Turkish Aerospace Industries Inc., Leonardo Spa, Dronedeploy and General Dynamics Corporation. Request a sample of the report: www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/185065 Components Covered: Sensor Proximity Sensors Position Sensors Motion Sensors Temperature Sensors Light Sensors Other Sensors Camera System Lidar Camera Multispectral Camera High Resolution Camera Thermal Camera Propulsion System Navigation System Geographic Information System (GIS) Global Positioning System (GPS) Battery Other Components Types Covered: Military Drones Unmanned Combat Air Systems (UCAS) Medium-Altitude Long-Endurance (Male) UAVs Small Tactical Unmanned Aircraft Systems (Stuas) High Altitude Long Endurance (Hale) UAVs Commercial Drones VTOL Drones Hybrid Drones Rotary Blade Drones Nano Drones Fixed-Wing Drones Applications Covered: Military Drones Border Security Spying Combat Operations Search and Rescue Operations Commercial Drones Diy Drones (Do-It-Yourself) Precision Agriculture and Monitoring Public Infrastructure Oil and Gas Power Plants Media and Entertainment Education Law Enforcement Surveying and Mapping Retail Subsystems Covered: UAV Sub-Station Components Data Telemetry ntenna Tracking Systems Launch Systems Ground Control Stations & Simulators Training Centers Autopilot Navigation& Auto Landing Recovery UAV Device Components UAV Engines Imaging Data Centres Detectors, Spectrometers, Spectrophotometers Sense And Avoid Systems Payloads Covered: Military Drones Above 600 Kg Up to 150 Kg Up to 600 Kg Commercial Drones (Up to 25kg) Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Automotive 3D Printing Market Analysis, Segmentation, Competitors Analysis, Product Research, Trends and Forecast by 2022 Next PostNext Engineering Plastics Market to Perceive Substantial Growth During 2016 – 2024 Search Recent Posts Panaya and Tricentis Deliver First Platform for Autonomous SAP Business Process Testing Team Tankers International Ltd. : 1st Quarter 2017 Results Different Duck Films and Sterling Worldwide Entertainment, LLC Announce the Pre-Production of the Feature Film „Weight” Larry Grypp, President of the Goering Center for Family & Private Business, Announces His Retirement Entries open for the 2017 Online Journalism Awards RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market 2017 Trends, Growth and Forecast to 2021 ReportsWeb.com published Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in th   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 09, 2017 ) Military satellites are primarily used for reconnaissance and surveillance, communications, signals intelligence, navigation, and meteorology. However, as of December 2015, only the US and Russia operated satellites for all the five aforementioned areas. Most countries either use a small number of military satellites or rely completely on commercial satellites for their military requirements. Publisher's analysts forecast the global military satellite payloads and subsystems market to grow at a CAGR of 5.35% during the period 2017-2021. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-military-satellite-payloads-and-subsystems-market-2017-2021 . Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global military satellite payloads and subsystems market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated in the overall market through the procurement of payloads and subsystems that are used with military satellites across the world. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Publisher's report, Global Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -Airbus Defence and Space -Boeing -Honeywell -Lockheed Martin -Thales Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001522831/sample . Other prominent vendors -BAE Systems -China Spacesat -Israel Aerospace Industries -Northrop Grumman -Orbital ATK Market driver -Emergence of inflatable SATCOM antennas -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Issues related to space debris and deorbiting -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Predisposition toward establishing partnership with private SATCOM providers -For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001522831/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   UAV Payload and Subsystems Market 2017 Trend, Analysis and Forecast to 2021 ReportsWeb.com published UAV Payload and Subsystems Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 09, 2017 ) UAVs are controlled remotely either by a pilot at a ground station or by onboard computers. Payloads are one of the major components in UAVs. These payloads consist of various equipment and systems depending on their specific mission requirement. As technology has advanced in the last one decade, many different types of UAVs have been developed and inducted into military operations. Publisher's analysts forecast the global UAV payload and subsystems market to grow at a CAGR of 7.72% during the period 2017-2021. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-uav-payload-and-subsystems-market-2017-2021 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global UAV payload and subsystems market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated in the overall defense market from the procurement of sensors and cameras, weaponry, radars and communication systems, and other types of UAV payload and subsystems (ground control stations [GCS] and onboard computers). The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Publisher's report, Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -AeroVironment -Boeing -Elbit Systems -Lockheed Martin -Northrop Grumman Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001522803/sample . Other prominent vendors -BAE Systems -GA-ASI -Israel Aerospace Industries -Raytheon -Textron Systems Market driver -Increasing demand for lightweight UAV payload -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Stringent control over sale of attack UAVs -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Advancement in stealth technology -For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001522803/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
China joins the jet age with homegrown passenger plane The "C" in the aircraft's name stands for both China and COMAC, while 9 symbolizes "forever" in Chinese culture, and 19 represents the 190 seats at maximum capacity. FAMAGUSTA GAZETTE CYPRUS� China's homegrown large passenger plane, the C919, took to the sky on last week, making China the fourth jumbo jet producer after the United States, West Europe and Russia. It also marks a milestone for the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC), the Shanghai-based manufacturer of the C919. The twin-engine plane departed from Shanghai Pudong International Airport on Friday with five crew members on board but no passengers. The 80-minute flight was greeted with applause by more than 1,000 spectators on the tarmac, including Vice Premier Ma Kai and Shanghai Party chief Han Zheng. The "C" in the aircraft's name stands for both China and COMAC, while 9 symbolizes "forever" in Chinese culture, and 19 represents the 190 seats at maximum capacity. "The maiden flight was exciting," said Wu Guanghui, C919's chief designer, adding that it was a major breakthrough in China's civil aviation history, as well as the start of a new era of advanced manufacturing in the country. With a standard range of 4,075 kilometers, the narrow-body jet is comparable with updated Airbus 320 and Boeing's new generation 737, signaling the country's entry into the global aviation market. China began to develop its own jumbo passenger jets in the 1970s and the first one, the Y-10, had a successful test flight in 1980. But the project was abandoned later. In 2007, the State Council approved plans to develop a large passenger jet. In November 2015, the first C919 jet rolled off the assembly line. The aircraft was given the go-ahead in April to begin a series of high-speed taxiing tests, the final step before its maiden flight. More than 200,000 technicians worked on the project. The jet was designed and produced in China and made with resources from around the world. It is an achievement in global cooperation, said Wu. The C919 incorporates parts from over 30 global suppliers such as Honeywell International Inc. Its engines were made by a joint venture between General Electric and Safran Aircraft Engines. � � FAMAGUSTA GAZETTE CYPRUS Sitemap { powered by bulletlink.com }
Tuesday, May 9, 2017 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korea German Portuguese HomeOpinionsBusinessMilitaryWorldSocietyCultureTravelScienceSportsSpecial CoveragePhotoVideo English>> U.S. Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane returns to Earth (People's Daily Online)    09:02, May 09, 2017 (File photo/Xinhua, Chinanews.com) The U.S. Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane returned to Earth on Sunday after completing a secret space mission that lasted nearly two years. The reusable, unmanned X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle landed at the Shuttle Landing Facility at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida, an airport used by the U.S. space agency's Space Shuttle for landing until the program's end in 2011. The just-ended mission, known as Orbital Test Vehicle mission 4 (OTV-4), was launched in May 2015 and conducted secret experiments for a total of 718 days while in orbit. It's the fourth and longest-running mission for the X-37B program, run by the U.S. Air Force's Rapid Capabilities Office. The program began as a NASA project in 1999 but was later transferred to the Pentagon. The first three missions all ended with landings at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The X-37B, built by Boeing, looks much like NASA's retired space shuttles, only much smaller. It is boosted into orbit by a rocket and lands like an aircraft on a conventional runway. The exact purpose of the X-37B was never revealed and the secrecy surrounding the project has led to speculation that the solar-powered X-37B can be used as a spy satellite or to deliver weapons from space.   【1】【2】【3】【4】 (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook) (Web editor: Hu Ximeng, Hongyu) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 MMA fighter throws down the gauntlet against Chinese martia… 2 'It’s a trap’: Chinese netizens amused by reports South Kor… 3 Chinese scientists design catalyst to convert CO2 into liqu… 4 China should take military action against THAAD deployment:… 5 Trump tests U.S.-South Korea relationship with THAAD, North… Hot News Chinese company to test world's first single-passenger drone in US 7 Chinese creations that amaze the world Woman with cancer stays optimistic by keeping a diary South China Sea Fleet conduct anti-piracy drill in Indian Ocean Magnificent Tianhetan waterfall We Recommend Top 10 livable Chinese cities Commentary: U.S. display of military power act of hegemony China's first intelligent security robot debuts in Chongqing Asia's longest and highest suspension bridge to open to traffic Cordyceps diggers camp out on Chinese plateau Photos Who Will Fit The Chinese Roles In Game Of Thrones? China's Hubei Shennongjia added to World Heritage List Cute Dog At Fruit Stand Becomes Latest Internet Sensation Top 10 livable Chinese cities The last primitive tribe in China China's first intelligent security robot debuts in Chongqing A Total of 3,552 Subscribers Vanish In Two Days; YouTube Closes All Doors to Users’ Inquiries Out of this world! Futuristic UFO-shaped yacht has its own garden and a stunning underwater viewing deck An old tea house in Chengdu Furious Customer Crushes All the Buns from Vendor Just Because He Was Given the Wrong Flavor Related reading Prompt global strike weapons became focus of international arms race Links: Beijing TodayCRI EnglishSINA EnglishGlobal TimesChinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show ChinaChina Human RightsChina XinjiangTibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi JournalWomen of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / SLCC, Granite District Host Education Secretary, Tout ‘Aerospace Pathways’ SLCC, Granite District Host Education Secretary, Tout ‘Aerospace Pathways’ Posted on May 9, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Education boss will see first-hand the rolls SLCC and others play in educating and training students for jobs in the aerospace industry in Utah. Salt Lake City, Utah (PRWEB) May 08, 2017 U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos will visit Granite Technical Institute Tuesday, 11:30 a.m. to see where students start in the Utah Aerospace Pathways program before moving on to related courses at Salt Lake Community College and elsewhere. DeVos is expected to meet with officials from Granite, SLCC and local industries related to the Aerospace Pathways program at the Institute, 2500 South State Street in Salt Lake City. Since 2015, the Aerospace Pathways program has been providing Utah students the opportunity to graduate high school with a certificate in aerospace manufacturing and begin a career in that field. The first semester (60 hours of study) of the program takes place in high schools while the second semester (48 hours of study) is held at Salt Lake Community College and Davis Applied Technology College. Students also participate in paid internships during their senior year of high school. Coursework includes composite manufacturing, basic metrology, tool usage and safety, environmental health, precision measuring instruments, organization awareness, applied mathematics and reading. Upon completion of the program and after passing pre-employment requirements, students can work for program industry partners Boeing, Harris, Hexcel, Hill Air Force Base, Janicki or Orbital ATK. Jobs at these employers are considered to provide “family-sustaining” wages and, in some cases, include tuition reimbursement programs for continued education after working for the company for at least one year. Salt Lake Community College is an accredited, student-focused, comprehensive community college meeting the diverse needs of the Salt Lake community. Home to more than 60,000 students each year, the College is Utah’s leading provider of workforce development programs. SLCC is also the largest supplier of transfer students to Utah’s four-year institutions and a perennial Top 10 college nationally for total associate degrees awarded. The College is the sole provider of applied technology courses in the Salt Lake area, with multiple locations, an eCampus, and nearly 1,000 continuing education sites located throughout the Salt Lake Valley. Personal attention from an excellent faculty is paramount at the College, which maintains an average class size of 20. Granite School District is the third largest school district in the state of Utah, serving more than 67,000 K-12 students in 90 schools throughout the Salt Lake Valley. Granite offers students a myriad of educational pathways that cater to interests, goals and needs. Teachers in Granite receive ongoing professional development to help them prepare students for college, career and life in the 21st century world. The district has been nationally recognized for its new teacher mentoring program, industry partnerships, and unique approaches to help all students succeed. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/05/prweb14317321.htm Latest News SLCC, Granite District Host Education Secretary, Tout ‘Aerospace Pathways’ USLegalForms.com Celebrates 20 Years in Business Looking Back: President George H.W. Bush’s 1990 Liberty University Commencement Visit RT Minerals Corp. Files NI 43-101 Technical Report on Norwalk Gold Property, Wawa, Ontario and Announces Surface Geophysics Program SYNCHRONOSS SHAREHOLDER ALERT BY FORMER LOUISIANA ATTORNEY GENERAL: KAHN SWICK &amp; FOTI, LLC REMINDS INVESTORS WITH LOSSES IN EXCESS OF $100,000 of Lead Plaintiff Deadline in Class Action Lawsuit Against Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. Translating Multilingual Website Content Just Got Much Easier Ordering Service Available for the new .ART Internet Domain Names via SiberName TDS Acquires Sun Prairie Utilities’ Telecommunications Assets in Wis. TDS Acquires Sun Prairie Utilities’ Telecommunications Assets in Wis. Boris Mizhen – Leading Developer Proudly Attends First NYC Real Estate Tech Week © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Things to Read Resist Trump Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Spring Art and Performance Green Guide Home Person of Interest Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film/TV Art Theater Books Things to Do Upstream Seattle Beer Week Mother's Day SIFF Red May Resistance & Solidarity Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Log in Sign up Menu Close Things To Read Resist Trump Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Spring Art and Performance Green Guide Home Person of Interest Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film/TV Art Theater Books Print Archives Things To Do Upstream Seattle Beer Week Mother's Day SIFF Red May Resistance & Solidarity Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Other Things Stranger Tickets Stranger Perks Account Log in Sign up SLOG News • Mayoral Election 2017 Bob Hasegawa Is Running for Mayor by Heidi Groover • May 8, 2017 at 5:24 pm Tweet State senator Bob Hasegawa wants to be mayor. Washington state legislature Add State Senator Bob Hasegawa to the growing list of people running for mayor of Seattle as Ed Murray faces allegations of sexual abuse and mulls ending his re-election bid. Hasegawa—whose legislative district includes Sodo, Georgetown, and South Park—is a former UPS driver and union official and the son of Japanese-American parents who were incarcerated during World War II, according to his campaign. In a statement, the campaign said he believes his experience "makes him the strongest candidate to stand toe-to-toe against an increasingly hostile federal government." Hasegawa will make a municipal bank "the lynchpin for his economic justice agenda." Known as a nonconformist Democrat, Hasegawa has pushed for a state bank and complained about Sound Transit. In 2013, he was one of only two state senators who voted against $8.7 billion in tax breaks for Boeing. Last year, he was a delegate for Bernie Sanders. During the Democratic National Convention, Hasegawa wrote that he was witnessing “the most significant shift to the right of our Democratic Party since the 1990s," the Seattle Times reported. The South Seattle Emerald first reported on Hasegawa's campaign this afternoon. He plans to speak at Wells Fargo Center tomorrow at 11 am, joined by supporters. 20 You might also be interested in these: Sponsored: Tutus, Pointe Shoes…And Hairy Chests. Les Ballets Trockadero Performs At Meany Center May 18-20 | 8 p.m. Chastity Belt Reveal a Noisier Side with "5am" off Their New Hardly Art LP by Dave Segal Savage Love Letter of the Day: Dating While Ace by Dan Savage Most Popular in Slog Signal Boost: Friend Sought by Dan Savage Update: Hanford Nuclear Site in Lockdown Over Emergency by Sydney Brownstone Mayor Ed Murray Ends Re-Election Campaign by Heidi Groover Is It Illegal to Lead an Online Mob Against Someone? by Eli Sanders The Morning News: Hasegawa Joins the Mayoral Race, One of Murray's Accusers Appears on Camera For the First Time by Steven Hsieh Kathleen O'Toole Will Chair Irish Policing Commission, But Won't Be Leaving Seattle Post by Steven Hsieh Death Cab for Cutie and The Decemberists Announce Benefit Concert for Planned Parenthood and the ACLU by Amber Cortes Newsletters Sign up for the latest news and to win free tickets to events Stranger Tickets Buy tickets to events around Seattle Stranger Things To Do Comprehensive calendar of Seattle events Stranger Things To Do App The easiest way to find Seattle's best events This Week's Issue Print Archives Publication Info Masthead Ad Info & Rates Distribution Jobs at The Stranger Contact Check it out Follow Us RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 7:06pm Wed 10 May Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation World Videos Climate Australia Pacific Asia USA South America Europe Middle East Africa Disasters Strange but True Photos US military spacecraft ends secret mission orbiting Earth By Ruth Sherlock 12:15 PM Tuesday May 9, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print The US Air Force's mysterious X-37B spacecraft. A pioneering spacecraft belonging to the United States military has landed in Florida after completing a secret two-year mission circling the Earth. The experimental X-37B space plane produced a sonic boom that surprised residents along the Florida coastline as it prepared to touch down at the Shuttle Landing Facility at Nasa's Kennedy Space Centre. At 718 days, the mission broke records for being the lengthiest conducted by the Air Force. The X-37B is one of two unmanned planes conducting such orbits. The secrecy around the project has prompted much speculation, with some observers suggesting that the craft is some sort of space weapon. But the Air Force has always denied this notion, insisting that it is testing technologies for future spacecraft travel. The orbiters "perform risk reduction, experimentation and concept-of-operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies," the Air Force has said. The Secure World Foundation, a nonprofit group promoting the peaceful exploration of space, said the secrecy surrounding the X-37B suggests the presence of intelligence-related hardware being tested or evaluated aboard the craft. The Air Force has refused to reveal the cost of the programme. The office of the secretary of the Air Force heralded the landing of the X-37B plane yesterday as proof a major advancement in the project. "The landing of OTV-4 marks another success for the X-37B programme and the nation," said Ron Fehlen, a lieutenant colonel and X-37B programme manager. Continued below. Related Content Your Views: Readers' Letters Craig Cooper: Come on Auckland, really? United Nations report slams New Zealand's use of solitary confinement "This mission once again set an on-orbit endurance record and marks the vehicle's first landing in the state of Florida. "We are incredibly pleased with the performance of the space vehicle and are excited about the data gathered to support the scientific and space communities." The vehicles resemble a miniature version of Nasa's now retired space shuttles. The original Space Shuttle system had carried up to eight astronauts into low Earth Orbit. The shuttle would re-enter the Earth's atmosphere upon completing its mission and land like a glider. It was not without its dangers: in the course of 135 missions flown, two orbiters were destroyed, killing 14 astronauts. These new aircraft are 8.8m long and have a wingspan of 4.5m, making them about one quarter of the size of the original shuttles. Like the space shuttle, the X-37B lands on a runway, plane-style, but does so autonomously. X-37B space plane returns after two-year secret mission https://t.co/0A4E84MdD7— BBC News (World) (@BBCWorld) May 8, 2017 A fact sheet for the vehicle states that the space plane is designed to spend up to 270 days in orbit at a time. But so far several of the missions have much exceeded that limit. Also known as the Orbital Test Vehicle, or OTV, it first flew in April 2010 and stayed aloft for 225 days. A second mission launched in March 2011 and lasted 15 months, while a third flight took off in December 2012 and returned after 22 months. The Boeing-built space plane blasted off for this mission in May 2015 from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station aboard an Atlas 5 rocket built by United Launch Alliance, a partnership between Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Company. Experts have suggested that engineers testing technologies for future satellites want to see how well these materials survive in space environment for long periods of time. The Air Force intends to launch the fifth X-37B mission from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, located just south of the Kennedy Space Centre, later this year. - Daily Telegraph UK By Ruth Sherlock Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Big Read: Our real-life heroes Those involved in search and rescue often put their lives on the line to save others. Hawke's Bay Today Water contamination inquiry comes to 'resolution we can live with' While it did not cause August's gastro outbreak, failings found on part of HBRC Bay of Plenty Times Hammer-wielding offenders caught on camera robbing Tauranga dairy Video footage of two male thugs shoving cash and cigarettes into a backpack was released… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Remarkable 'barn find' pre-WW2 classics for sale at auction Wide range of weird and wonderful classics in England going under the hammer... Viva Restaurant review: Frida, Viaduct Jesse Mulligan yearns for more hits than misses at Viaduct Mexican restaurant Frida Bite Barbecued lemon chicken Make a small pocket under the skin of each chicken thigh. Place 1 slice of lemon and… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf03 at 10 May 2017 19:06:57 Processing Time: 552ms
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Aviation Test Equipment Market in-Depth Market Research Report 2015–2025 Valley Cottage, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/09/2017 — Aviation Test Equipment are used in the Aviation industry for maintain and also for upgrading the hydraulic, pneumatic, electrical power systems. Maintenance system in the aircraft and also regular checkups of the aircrafts is very important in both the sectors, commercial as well as in defense sector. There are aircraft mechanics to examine and replacement of aircraft parts, to diagnose any electrical and mechanical problem, to repair brakes, wings or any other aircraft equipment, to test aviation equipment’s with gauges, inspection of the complete work or process to maintain performance standards, Recently, Airbus has fitted the test equipment in its first A321neo in Germany. The aircraft, MSN6673 would be fitted with Pratt and Whitney PW1100G engines. The test regime will be adopted for A321neo because its wings differ from A320 neo and A319neo. Aviation Test Equipment Market: Drivers & Restraints Technological advancement, increase defense budget, increase in R&D activities of aviation test equipment’s, wavering government expenditure, multi-use test system for multiple weapon platform, scalable and configurable testers, increase usage of software adaptable solution are the most important driving factors in aviation test equipment market. Since there’s also an increase in the aerospace activity, the demand for aviation test equipment has increased regardless of the geographical location. Request For Report Sample: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-712 Short life span of avionics module and maintenance of legacy platforms are acting as a barrier for aviation test equipment market. Aviation Test Equipment Market: Segmentation Aviation Test equipment market is broadly classified on the basis of the following segments – By Product: Electrical Aviation Test Equipment Hydraulic Aviation Test Equipment Power Aviation Test Equipment Pneumatic Aviation Test Equipment By End-User: Commercial Defense/Military Sector Aviation Test Equipment Market: Overview The aviation test equipment market has grown substantially at a healthy CAGR due to increase product innovation and increase aerospace activity. With rapid technological advancement and expertise, aviation test equipment market is expected to grow globally. Asia Pacific will emerge as the fastest growing region in aviation test equipment market. Aviation Test Equipment Market: Region-wise Outlook The aviation test equipment market is expected to register a double-digit CAGR for the forecast period. Depending on geographic regions, aviation test equipment market is segmented into seven key regions: North America, South America, Eastern Europe, Western Europe, Asia Pacific, Japan, and Middle East & Africa. Asia Pacific and Middle East and Africa are the growing market due to the increasing aerospace activity. Europe and North America also have a market for aviation test equipment’s since they have more resources, technically advance and expertise than the developing regions. Request For TOC: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-712 Aviation Test Equipment Market: Key Players Some of the key market players in aviation test equipment market are Airbus, GE, Boeing, Honeywell International, Moog, 3M, Rolls Roycee Holdings. The research report presents a comprehensive assessment of the market and contains thoughtful insights, facts, historical data, and statistically supported and industry-validated market data. It also contains projections using a suitable set of assumptions and methodologies. The research report provides analysis and information according to categories such as market segments, geographies, types, technology and applications. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious DXI Energy Inc. (DXIEF: OTCQB) | DXI Reports Q1 2017 Results Next PostNext Pilot Gold Reports Voting Results from Annual Meeting and Changes Name to Liberty Gold Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Aviation Test Equipment Market in-Depth Market Research Report 2015–2025 Valley Cottage, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/09/2017 — Aviation Test Equipment are used in the Aviation industry for maintain and also for upgrading the hydraulic, pneumatic, electrical power systems. Maintenance system in the aircraft and also regular checkups of the aircrafts is very important in both the sectors, commercial as well as in defense sector. There are aircraft mechanics to examine and replacement of aircraft parts, to diagnose any electrical and mechanical problem, to repair brakes, wings or any other aircraft equipment, to test aviation equipment’s with gauges, inspection of the complete work or process to maintain performance standards, Recently, Airbus has fitted the test equipment in its first A321neo in Germany. The aircraft, MSN6673 would be fitted with Pratt and Whitney PW1100G engines. The test regime will be adopted for A321neo because its wings differ from A320 neo and A319neo. Aviation Test Equipment Market: Drivers & Restraints Technological advancement, increase defense budget, increase in R&D activities of aviation test equipment’s, wavering government expenditure, multi-use test system for multiple weapon platform, scalable and configurable testers, increase usage of software adaptable solution are the most important driving factors in aviation test equipment market. Since there’s also an increase in the aerospace activity, the demand for aviation test equipment has increased regardless of the geographical location. Request For Report Sample: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-712 Short life span of avionics module and maintenance of legacy platforms are acting as a barrier for aviation test equipment market. Aviation Test Equipment Market: Segmentation Aviation Test equipment market is broadly classified on the basis of the following segments – By Product: Electrical Aviation Test Equipment Hydraulic Aviation Test Equipment Power Aviation Test Equipment Pneumatic Aviation Test Equipment By End-User: Commercial Defense/Military Sector Aviation Test Equipment Market: Overview The aviation test equipment market has grown substantially at a healthy CAGR due to increase product innovation and increase aerospace activity. With rapid technological advancement and expertise, aviation test equipment market is expected to grow globally. Asia Pacific will emerge as the fastest growing region in aviation test equipment market. Aviation Test Equipment Market: Region-wise Outlook The aviation test equipment market is expected to register a double-digit CAGR for the forecast period. Depending on geographic regions, aviation test equipment market is segmented into seven key regions: North America, South America, Eastern Europe, Western Europe, Asia Pacific, Japan, and Middle East & Africa. Asia Pacific and Middle East and Africa are the growing market due to the increasing aerospace activity. Europe and North America also have a market for aviation test equipment’s since they have more resources, technically advance and expertise than the developing regions. Request For TOC: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-712 Aviation Test Equipment Market: Key Players Some of the key market players in aviation test equipment market are Airbus, GE, Boeing, Honeywell International, Moog, 3M, Rolls Roycee Holdings. The research report presents a comprehensive assessment of the market and contains thoughtful insights, facts, historical data, and statistically supported and industry-validated market data. It also contains projections using a suitable set of assumptions and methodologies. The research report provides analysis and information according to categories such as market segments, geographies, types, technology and applications. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious DXI Energy Inc. (DXIEF: OTCQB) | DXI Reports Q1 2017 Results Next PostNext Pilot Gold Reports Voting Results from Annual Meeting and Changes Name to Liberty Gold Search Recent Posts Global Construction Composites Market Will Flourish by 2016 – 2024 Panama Hosts Forum on National Strategy to Prevent Money Laundering and Financing of Terrorism ROAM Expands And Becomes ROAMERICA Oligo Medic Appoints Jerett Creed As CEO Consumer Identity Access Management Market: Professional Market Research Report and Forecasts, 2017 – 2025 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read British passport applications from EU residents up by a third Hidden numbers reveal scale of Venezuela’s economic crisis  Trump ‘terminates’ FBI director James Comey French election results: Macron’s victory in charts Former French PM Manuel Valls says his Socialist party is dead US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Most Read Trump ‘terminates’ FBI director James Comey Trump was warned twice on risk of Russia blackmailing Flynn Comey falls victim to Trump’s Tuesday night massacre Trump’s tax plan tries to take away the drinks tray Less is more when it comes to Federal Reserve policy Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Goldman shakes up investment bank leadership Warnings of staff relocations after Brexit rise sharply Brexit process will expose basic weakness in European banking US shale groups roar back to life after oil slump John Lewis falls foul of minimum wage rules Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Wall Street’s fear gauge falls to lowest level since 1993 Apple leads US stocks to new ‘earnings trade’ high S&P 500 hits record territory above 2,400 before ceding ground Greek bonds keep on smashing post-bailout records Deutsche Bank urges caution over sleepy FX market Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Why Emmanuel Macron matters to the whole world Iraq fears for its future once Isis falls May’s foreign policy cannot be judged by its electoral effect Xi Jinping’s Silk Road is under threat from one-way traffic Comey falls victim to Trump’s Tuesday night massacre Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Why paternal age matters to children’s health Unrealistic expectations put millennials at risk of burnout There is nothing cute about innumeracy Harvard and its business school acolytes are due a rethink Nationality grants open doors to MBA hopefuls Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read The charm of Mme Macron: a little bit of Essex in the Elysée Palace Men Without Women by Haruki Murakami — island life Man versus machine: when Garry Kasparov met his match Arvind Subramanian, economic adviser to India’s prime minister How Serge Gainsbourg’s Je t’aime . . . moi non plus whipped up a scandal Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Alibaba Group Holding Add to myFT Jack Ma steps up campaign to bring US businesses to Alibaba Fast FT Read next Alibaba’s Jack Ma courts Midwest America Tuesday, 9 May, 2017 Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save May 9, 2017 by: Anna Nicolaou Jack Ma is stepping up a campaign to lure American businesses to Alibaba, the e-commerce giant, as he aims to woo Donald Trump with a pledge to create 1m US jobs. The head of China’s largest private company said he plans to bring 1m small US businesses to Alibaba’s ecommerce platform in the next five years, as part of a plan hatched with Mr Trump in January. “[Trump] said the American midwest is the centre, where there are so many small and medium sized companies,” said Mr Ma on a conference call with reporters. “China has 300m middle class [shoppers]. We need good stuff from outside China.” Mr Ma’s comments come ahead of a June conference Alibaba will host in Detroit, the “first key driver” of a campaign to bring US farmers and businesses to export to China through Alibaba. Mr Ma said Mr Trump is “very excited and supportive” of the plan. Mr Ma, one of China’s richest men, was an early visitor to Trump Tower following the presidential election last year, after which Trump told reporters the two are “going to do some great things”. Alibaba is looking to lure more US merchants to its ecommerce platforms and sell US products to a growing Chinese middle class. Mr Ma’s plan to bring 1m US businesses to Alibaba’s platform follows a goal set to secure 2bn customers in the next decade. Alibaba is one of many groups that have tried to win over the US president, who has pressured companies ranging from Ford to Boeing to invest in US manufacturing and job creation. Mr Trump hit out at China throughout his protectionist presidential campaign but has so far declined to label China a currency manipulator. Sample the FT’s top stories for a week You select the topic, we deliver the news. Select topic Select topic Top Stories Brexit US Election 2016 China slowdown Millennial Economy March of the Robot Plunging oil price Global Terror Tech disruption Advertising Connected Cars Enter email address Invalid email Sign up By signing up you confirm that you have read and agree to the terms and conditions, cookie policy and privacy policy. Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017. All rights reserved. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web. Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save Latest on Alibaba Group Holding Alibaba’s Jack Ma courts Midwest America Tuesday, 9 May, 2017 Esports viewing shoots up but ad revenues trail Monday, 8 May, 2017 Race for China’s $5.5tn mobile payments hots up Monday, 1 May, 2017 Chinese money market fund becomes world’s biggest Wednesday, 26 April, 2017 Ant Financial sweetens MoneyGram bid to $1.2bn Monday, 17 April, 2017 Read latest Alibaba’s Jack Ma courts Midwest America Tuesday, 9 May, 2017 Latest on Alibaba Group Holding Add to myFT Latest in Asia-Pacific Companies Add to myFT myFT Follow the topics mentioned in this article Asia-Pacific Companies Add to myFT Fast FT Add to myFT Donald Trump Add to myFT Jack Ma Add to myFT China Add to myFT Follow the authors of this article Anna Nicolaou Add to myFT Take a tour of myFT Comments have not been enabled for this article. Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio Today's Newspaper (ePaper) Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio Today's Newspaper (ePaper) Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to sidebar News space More U.S. military’s unmanned X-37B space plane ends secret two-year mission orbiting Earth The Telegraph  05.09.2017 In this image released by the US Air Force, the Air Force's X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle mission 4 lands at NASA's Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility in Florida, on May 7, 2017. In this image released by the US Air Force, the Air Force's X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle mission 4 lands at NASA's Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility in Florida, on May 7, 2017. In a handout photo release by United Launch Alliance on May 20, 2015, an Atlas V rocket carrying the X-37B space plane launches from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida. fo0523_boeing_x_37b_940_ab5 ShareAdjustCommentPrint A pioneering spacecraft belonging to the United States military has landed in Florida after completing a secret two-year mission circling the Earth. The experimental X-37B space plane produced a sonic boom that surprised residents along the Florida coastline as it prepared to touch down at the Shuttle Landing Facility at NASA’s Kennedy Space Centre. At 718 days, the mission broke records for being the lengthiest conducted by the Air Force. The X-37B is one of two unmanned planes conducting such orbits. The secrecy around the project has prompted much speculation, with some observers suggesting that the craft is some sort of space weapon. But the Air Force has always denied this notion, insisting that it is testing technologies for future spacecraft travel. The orbiters “perform risk reduction, experimentation and concept-of-operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies,” the Air Force has said. The Secure World Foundation, a nonprofit group promoting the peaceful exploration of space, said the secrecy surrounding the X-37B suggests the presence of intelligence-related hardware being tested or evaluated aboard the craft. The Air Force has refused to reveal the cost of the program. The office of the secretary of the Air Force heralded the landing of the X-37B plane on Sunday as proof of a major advancement in the project. “The landing of OTV-4 marks another success for the X-37B program and the nation,” saidRon Fehlen, a lieutenant colonel and X-37B program manager. “This mission once again set an on-orbit endurance record and marks the vehicle’s first landing in the state of Florida. “We are incredibly pleased with the performance of the space vehicle and are excited about the data gathered to support the scientific and space communities.” The vehicles resemble a miniature version of NASA’s now retired space shuttles. The original Space Shuttle system had carried up to eight astronauts into low Earth Orbit. The shuttle would re-enter the Earth’s atmosphere upon completing its mission and land like a glider. It was not without its dangers: in the course of 135 missions flown, two orbiters were destroyed, killing 14 astronauts. These new aircraft are 29 feet long (9 metres) and have a wingspan of 15 feet (4.5 m), making them about one quarter of the size of the original shuttles. Like the space shuttle, the X-37B lands on a runway, plane-style, but does so autonomously. A fact sheet for the vehicle states that the space plane is designed to spend up to 270 days in orbit at a time. But so far several of the missions have much exceeded that limit. Also known as the Orbital Test Vehicle, or OTV, it first flew in April 2010 and stayed aloft for 225 days. A second mission launched in March 2011 and lasted 15 months, while a third flight took off in December 2012 and returned after 22 months. The Boeing-built space plane blasted off for this mission in May 2015 from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station aboard an Atlas 5 rocket built by United Launch Alliance, a partnership between Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Company. Experts have suggested that engineers testing technologies for future satellites want to see how well these materials survive in space environment for long periods of time. The Air Force intends to launch the fifth X-37B mission from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, located just south of the Kennedy Space Center, later this year. Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. x Share U.S. military’s unmanned X-37B space plane ends secret two-year mission orbiting Earth Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google Linkedin Video Today's World News Best of Postmedia Global Voices: Prison bars shouldn’t be barrier to maternal bondAmid the constant crackle of radios and chatter of inmates, surprising sounds linger in the prison halls. A baby’s coo. A mother’s gentle soothing. The creak of a rocking chair, rhymes recited from a children’s book, scratches of a crayon. […] How a firetruck in Calgary's downtown library is combating crime, building community and inspiring cities across North AmericaFor months now, no matter what time of day Sarah Meilleur leaves her job at Calgary’s downtown library, she sees something unusual in the city’s core.  Children. “It’s amazing. It’s not just during certain hours,” says Meilleur, who works at the city’s central library. “It can be eight at night, after a board meeting, and there […] Telly With Melly: Science of Stupid, Truth & Iliza, Private EyesStupid is as stupid does, but HOW does stupid do what it does? Such is the question posed on Science of Stupid, National Geographic Channel’s investigation into tomfoolery. It returns for season 4 on Sunday with back-to-back episodes. Each episode […] Columnists Pacholik: No running away from those scared cowsWhen the bubble wrap envelope showed up unexpectedly one day, I was a bit baffled. Inside was another... Opinion: Saskatchewan parents and students unified by school choiceA unifying force is sweeping Saskatchewan and bringing together left and right; rural and urban; First... Mandryk: Hefty payouts for failed P3 bids invite more scrutiny for Wall's ministersThe strength of any government is always the credibility of its people — something the Saskatchewan ... Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Ping Identity Appoints Bart Hammond Vice President of Customer Success to Support Accelerated Global Enterprise Growth DENVER–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Ping Identity, the leader in Identity Defined Security, today announced the appointment of Bart Hammond as Vice President of Customer Success. Hammond joins Ping on the heels of a profitable first quarter for 2017 and more than 50 percent growth in subscription revenue compared to Q1 2016. Hammond joins as Ping has accelerated its growth overseas, with Europe and Asia-Pacific contributing more than a quarter of new business bookings. In 2016, more than half of global sales came from its Customer Identity and Access Management solutions. Multi-factor authentication and access security customers grew by nearly 40 percent and over 50 percent, respectively. The continued adoption of Ping solutions among large global enterprises remains high, as 80 percent of Ping’s customers report revenues of more than US $1.5 billion. Hammond brings a wealth of experience to support Ping’s growing business. He joins Ping with more than 25 years of IT professional services experience, including the last 10 years at EMC Corporation. As part of his leadership, Hammond established and grew the EMC Consulting business to more than $550 million. Most recently, he served as vice president, global services portfolio, where he oversaw service strategy, service product management, and strategic service partnerships for EMC’s $6 billion+ global services business. Hammond comes to Ping as the company doubles down on providing global enterprise customers with solutions to manage customer, partner and employee identities. As customers embark on digital transformation initiatives, they have praised Ping’s customer success and professional services teams for helping them adopt the robust capabilities Ping provides. As a key area of investment for Ping, Hammond will bolster customer success and professional services teams to support this demand. Hammond is based in Denver and reports to Dave Packer, senior vice president of field operations. “We’re thrilled Bart has joined Ping to lead our customer success team, as he has unmatched experience in helping large companies leverage technology to grow revenue, increase efficiency and reduce risk,” said Packer. “Bart’s arrival at Ping is testament to our plans to heavily invest in ensuring our customers are positioned to achieve long-term success right out of the gate.” Hammond said, “Earning customer loyalty is an everyday job; it takes great products, enduring relationships and superior services to meet our customers’ needs at every step in their journey with us. Ping’s reputation for delivering great software that just works is only bolstered by their commitment to partnering with its customers for long-term success. I’m thrilled to be a part of the team at Ping as we take our efforts to a new level.” Cloud Identity Summit: A Gathering for the Community Ping will once again host the Cloud Identity Summit, which has become the premier industry event focused on Identity. CIS 2017 will be held in Chicago from June 19-22, 2017, and will feature keynotes and tracks from industry thought leaders, CIOs, executives and practitioners. Executives from industry-leading companies including Optiv, Google, Microsoft and Ping Identity will headline the conference. The theme in 2017 is Intelligent Identity; as connected systems and devices we use for work and personal lives are getting smarter and more pervasive, new business models are emerging at unprecedented pace and scale. Come join this important conversation. About Ping Identity | The Identity Defined Security Company Ping Identity is the leader in Identity Defined Security for the borderless enterprise, allowing the right people to access the right things, securely and seamlessly. More than half of the Fortune 100, including Boeing, Cisco, Disney, GE, Kraft Foods, TIAA and Walgreens, trust Ping Identity to accelerate their move to the cloud, deliver a rich customer experience and quickly onboard partners as part of their digital transformation. Protecting over 1.3 billion identities from data centers around the globe, Ping allows employees, customers and partners the freedom to access the Cloud and on-premise applications they need with an enterprise IDaaS solution that includes multi-factor authentication, single sign-on and access security. Visit www.pingidentity.com. Ping Identity Contacts Follow Us on Twitter: @PingIdentity Join our LinkedIn Group: Ping Identity Subscribe to our YouTube Channel: PingIdentityTV Like Us on Facebook: PingIdentityPage CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Lone Star Funds and Aimbridge Hospitality Complete Multi-Million Dollar Renovations at Hyatt Place and Hyatt House Hotels Next PostNext The M&A Due Diligence Process is Broken, According to New Axiom and Raconteur Report Search Recent Posts Amazon Selects Finalists to Compete at the Amazon Robotics Challenge Event in Japan This Summer Chesswood Reports First Quarter 2017 Results Grenville Strategic Royalty Announces $1,500,000 Royalty Agreement with ConnectAndSell, Inc. Peyto Announces Q1 2017 Results and Expands Brazeau Core Area Aberdeen Acquires Securities in Fura Gems Inc. RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
null
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia 67° Full Menu 67° Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Newsletters Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Place an ad The Buzz A blog from The State's political team of Cassie Cope, Bristow Marchant, Jamie Self and Avery Wilks. The Buzz May 09, 2017 7:49 AM Today at the SC State House: Time to pass a budget? By Bristow Marchant bmarchant@thestate.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story With the end of the 2017 session approaching this week, there’s one last piece of business the S.C. Legislature needs to complete: passing a state budget for the next fiscal year. While the attention this week has been on whether both houses can pass a roads plan with an increased gas tax before a Thursday deadline, senators and House members also have to agree on a spending plan for next year.   A conference committee meets today to reconcile House and Senate differences on South Carolina’s roughly $8 billion general fund. A budget needs to pass so state government can stay open starting July 1. Elsewhere on Tuesday: ▪ 9 a.m. Joint Legislative Committee on Municipal Incorporations, Gressette Room 207 ▪ 9 a.m. Budget Conference Committee on H.3720 and H.3721, Gressette Room 105 ▪ 9 a.m. House Healthcare and Regulatory Subcommittee of the Legislative Oversight Committee, Blatt Room 108 ▪ 10 a.m. Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Appointments to the S.C. Ethics Commission, Gressette Room 307 ▪ 10 a.m. Joint Committee on Pension Systems Review, Gressette Room 105 ▪ 10 a.m. SC Legislative Black Caucus ▪ 10 a.m. - 2 p.m. A Healthier State House, Blatt Room 318 ▪ 10 a.m. House Opioid Abuse Prevention Study Committee, Blatt Room 110 ▪ 10 a.m. Executive Subcommittee of the Legislative Oversight Committee, Blatt Room 321 ▪ 11 a.m. Senate Finance Sales and Income Tax Subcommittee, Gressette Room 105 ▪ 11 a.m. Senate Judiciary Committee, Gressette Room 308 ▪ 11 a.m. Minority Caucus, Blatt Room 305 ▪ 4:30 p.m. Progressive Legislative Caucus, Blatt Room 305 Who’s Schmoozing Who ▪ (Upon recess) Legislative Luncheon: Boeing, BMW North America, General Electric, and South Carolina Manufacturing Alliance, State House Grounds Bristow Marchant: 803-771-8405, @BristowatHome, @BuzzAtTheState LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 21 days ago SC Gov. Henry McMaster wants a new way to fund pension plan 1:16 21 days ago SC Gov. Henry McMaster wants a new way to fund pension plan 2:58 21 days ago Gov. McMaster opposing gas tax to fix South Carolina roads 11:47 3 months ago SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from State House grounds View More Video The Buzz Pope goes after Norman’s voting record in new 5th District ad Nikki Haley rolling back UN’s ‘anti-Israel bias,’ Israeli official says In SC special election, Democrats try for another GOP House seat McMaster vetoes gas tax, Legislature poised to override Senator wants hearings on USC’s out-of-state tuition breaks The Buzz Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
